 this is the worst movie i have ever seen ! i turned it off it was so bad ! i got it at wal-mart in like their $ 3 bin or something ... they should have paid ME to get it !
 Back in the late 80 's Adam Sandler was on a MTV game show called `` Remote Control '' . He played various quirky roles . You would have thought that some of that talent would have made it to this film.This film is definately the worse movie that Adam has ever been in . Adam 's acting leaves a lot to be desired . This film is a comedy with no laughs .
 Ah , Going Overboard . The movie that would have never been released had Sandler not found success on SNL and Billy Madison . Yes , this movie is THAT bad , it makes Happy Gilmore look like Shakespear in comparison . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a huge fan of Sandler 's movies ... just not THIS one.A few minutes into the movie , Sandler pretty much admits to the audience that this was a `` no-budget '' flick and they were filming it because they happened to have access to a boat that day . And the movie goes downhill from there , if that 's possible . Adam 's character Shecky 's quest to become the ship comedian is somehow tied with a revenge plot hatched by some third world dictator , and everything is slapped together by many scenes of women in bikinis and the same damn exterior shot of the ship used over and over and over . Despite how bad this movie is , you can definately see the seeds of what would become staples in Adam Sandler movies , such as the completely bizzare side characters and pathetically unhip bad guys . There are a few actual laughs in this movie , which is due from the movie not taking itself seriously , and be sure to look out for cast memeber that would later become regulars in future Sandler movies.Only hardcore Sandler fans would want this movie , if only just to see how their favorite star started out . Everyone else , stay far far away and get `` The Waterboy '' or `` Mr. Deeds '' instead .
 I like Sandler.I could n't even finish watching it . I purchased it , and actually took it out of the DVD player and broke it in half.The general public should be able to sue the actors and distributors when stuff like this is foisted upon us.Truly horrible , not funny , taped together . They must have spent fifteen bucks filming this abortion .
 My roomate got this and said it stunk and gave it to me . I thought hey it 's got Adam Sandler in it , i like so bad its good movies ... I have nothing to do today , I 'll give it a chance.It tries , it doesnt take it self seriously , it isnt supposed to be good , and it just doesnt work . On any level it just was not working . I can not see why this movie has fans besides featuring some actors early work , it does not stand as an independent work.It does not have any humor in it , bad joke after bad joke . As for T&A -LRB- I mean it is also known as babes ahoy -RRB- there is no action going on.It was not funny , it was sad.I got it for free and I feel cheated .
 I had to write this review to counterbalance all the faked 5 star reviews . I picked this up for a buck thinking it would be worth seeing Adam Sandler 's first feature film . The only part that made it worthwhile was seeing the happy Madison guys so young . Sandler does a decent job and you can see how his career got launched . Outside of that this movie is a train wreck . The plot is a waste of time . The acting is over the top and hammy . On of the most egregious parts is the sound . The only way people might like this is in its so bad its a cult classic thing . Beware the casual movie goer wo n't be swayed by girls in bikinis .
 I down right love Adam Sandler Movies all movies before this one I loved ! This movie is down right not funny ! I guess for a non budget movie I ca n't realy complain but if you are an Adam Sandler Movie fan like me you 're better off renting this one or better yet do n't see this one unless you want to see him at his worst !
 ... it is so horrible you ca n't take your eyes away . Adam Sandler displays not an iota of the charm and skill that has defined his later career . I could only wonder what he thought about this abomination as he was making it . The only saving grace is that it is so bad that it almost is entertaining for that fact alone . If you can sit through Plan 9 from Outer Space you may wish to move up to the big leagues of bad movies and try this one .
 What exactly is wrong with you people I have seen this movie it 's on my list of worst movies ever which consists of three movies one of which I ca n't remember right know . If you think it 's just because I 'm not an adam sandler fan your wrong the only reason I watched this movie is because I am an Adam Sandler fan . You know how some Movies you have to watch twice to understand . If you watch this one twice you 'll probably be put into a comma that is if you are not in one already from the first watching . Oh if you think I do n't have the right sense of humor I liked pauly shore 's bio-dome and jury duty and a multitude of other supposedly bad movies .
 I believe catching every disease on earth at once would be more pleasant than watching this movie . It 's not even worth a penny , which is probably how much they spent making this film . Save yourself time , money , sanity and I.Q. points RUN AWAY !
 If you want to buy this film , that 's cool . But do n't . First of all , the only cool guy in this film is Croaker ; the lead singer of Yellow Teeth . As for humor , the only comedy were the different color t-shirts Adam as wearing , not to mention the stuntman who looked nothing like the guy he was supposed to . So this movie sucks , yeah . The only thing I would pay for would be the cover and Croakus .
 It was supposed to be a comedy , and my girlfriend loves Adam Sandler . So we bought it . Then we watched it.Before it was over we knew we were going to throw it in the GARBAGE as soon as it ended . Yes , Going Overboard is that bad.The girls were n't even that pretty . Most of them were flat-chested with fried hair.Do yourself a favor . Do NOT watch this movie ! Or do watch it if you 'd like everything else to look better by comparison .
 This is not just the worst Adam Sandler movie . It is the worst movie of all time . In highschool me and some friends saw this at the store . We rented and watched it . We were mortified that they had actually made this movie . We then decided we were going to make a club . The only way you could get in was watch this movie . That is if you did not kill your self while watching and/or thinking about this film . Awful , awful , awful .
 Fellow Adam Sandler Fans , I bought this DVD at Walmart for $ 5.88 thinking `` Wow , an Adam Sandler Movie I have n't seen . '' Last night I watched this 90 minute piece of garbage and came away with the following conclusions :1 -RRB- Adam Sandler must have had very little talent before he came to Saturday Night Live if this movie is any indication of Sandler 's real talent ; 2 -RRB- Adam Sandler really should pull all copies from distribution of this movie since this movie degrades any and all other works by Adam Sandler ; 3 -RRB- The producers of this movie must have been truly desparate for money to have released this piece of trash.Now about the movie . It claims to be a movie about a cruise ship waiter -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- wanting to be a stand-up comedian . He is jealous of the mediocre comedian whose audience is a bunch of so-so beauty peagent contestants.Needless to say that Adam Sandler displays zero talent in this movie . There are none of his Chanukah songs . There are none of singing Italian skits . He does n't make a single funny joke and when he hits on the not-so-hot chicks in the movie his lines are blah . There are a few fantasy scenes where the women are decent looking -LRB- but get yourself a copy Maxim and you will be far better off -RRB- . There is only one redeeming scene in this whole worthless movie . The house comedian locks himself in a bathroom -LRB- to barf -RRB- and pleads with God to open the locked door after having spent what appears many hours locked up in that tiny closet-size room . Upon the door magically openning , the comedian proclaims , `` F & * ^ , I do n't believe in God , I 'm an athiest . `` There was an uneventful cameo appearance of Milton Berle and there are some quality actors and actresses in this movie with all their performances wasted.I was hoping that this movie would show the actual goings on of a cruise ship , but that also was n't the case . None of the scenes give a hint of a operational ship on a cruise in the Caribbean . The ship actually looks like it was decommisioned in the 1960 's with rust on the hull and it did n't even have a functional dining hall . To Adam 's credit , he admits that the producer had this empty cruise ship available to make this movie - big deal!In conclusion , this is the worst waste of time I ever spent watching a movie .
 My goodness , this movie is pure gold . I mean the character and plot development almost enticed me to watch past the first 30 minutes , unfortunately a voice deep within my soul beckened me to gouge the eyes out of my head with a rusty screwdriver rendering me blind and unable to see the film 's ultimate climax .
 This film is insane . Plot , what plot . The plot is total crap . This film is the worst film I ever saw in my life and that is saying something.The only good thing in this movie is to hear Adam singing.I cant believe how Adam became a such a big star ather this movie . This movie should have killed his acting career . This show us how much of a talented actor is Adam to go on to have a very big acting career and became a very big star in hollywood ather this movie . If any other less talented actor had been the main star in that film , that person acting career would have been over.That how bad this movie is . If you dont dont believe me , check out your self.I bet Adam is looking back on this film and saying , `` what was I thinking of staring in that film . O well actor has to start somewhere '' .
 People are not joking or exaggerating when they say this is one of the worst movies they have seen . It is actually on IMDB 's worst movies of all time -LRB- # 21 -RRB- . Its not even worth describing how unfunny this movie is , even for adam sandler fans .
 I know one of the actresses in this movie personally , so I thought I would rent this movie to see her performance.About 1/5th into this movies , my husband and i agreed that we could no longer watch it , it was thatbad . We tried to remember to view it as a spoof , but it was just so truly horrible we just could n't keep watching.Lucikly I could speed forward to the part I actually had wanted to see , which was a miniscule part of the movie and not a very good representation of her abilities , at all.We could n't WAIT to turn this movie OFF ~ I think this would make an excellent choice for anorexics , who might want a little help in throwing up.I would give this less than one star , if i could . Can you guess that this is not our cup of Tea ? lolBut i do n't pretend to know that it is not very funny to others . Just not for us .
 I bought this movie thinking it would be funny considering Adam Sandler stars in it but it was a very low budget movie with HORRIBLE female acting and no nudity at all . I wouldnt say its the worst movie cuz it has its moments . I couldnt believe Adam hardley said one funny thing , alot of things he said I think were supposed to be funny but werent and whenever he tells a joke its a piece of s ** t like `` why did the chicken cross the road ? '' . So I really wouldnt recomend this to anyone .
 For the most part I assume this movie was accurate as to the scientific details of Challenger and what went wrong . However , the ending was terrible . It ends by showing Challenger going off into space leaving the audience at a loss as to what happened . It 's fine for those of us who were around in 1986 and knew the outcome but what about younger people who never even heard of this disaster . They would watch the movie and be none the wiser as to the fact it exploded on take off killing all those on board . Why did n't the producers at least end the movie with a short paragraph describing what happened ?? This makes no sense and for that reason I give this movie two stars.I also found Karen Allen 's portrayal of Krista McAuliffe downright irritating as she was smiling constantly . Even when she was upset or being told something was not right she was smiling from ear to ear . Her sugary sweet portrayal was just annoying . I hope Krista was not like this in real life because no one would be able to stand her !!
 I called Billy Blanks company to ask what is his most difficult cardio that I can buy . I explained to them that I am not new to fitness and work out for years . I was told that I need to buy the Elite series Fat Blasting Cardio ; I bought it.What a disappointment!It is not a hard workout or a good workout for that matter . Workout itself does not have a structure . There is no proper warm up before stretching . It is not challenging , boring and not satisfying . There is no rhythm to each set 's length . I will not use it again.I have Billy Blanks ' old abs workout tape . It is much better and I still use it .
 duh this used to be my favrote show . but then sponge bob square pants came . iam brian i dont like this video . so what ? my favote episode of sponge bob square pants is ... SB 129 . shomokemon is bad . -LRB- pokemon . -RRB- my name is brian wacth nickelodeon dude .
 Ninotchka , 1939 filmThe film begins with a view of Paris . Next there is a hotel with people entering and leaving . Three men make small talk about their views . The Russian Board of Trade sent them to Paris . Their valuable suitcase must be locked in a vault . The hotel waiter seems interested in their conversation , and leaves to make his report to the Grand Duchess about their jewels . They bargain over the price for the jewels . An attorney shows up with the papers to stop the sale . You can guess the events by the servants who enter the room . -LSB- This is a comedy . -RSB- Moscow sends them new orders and an extraordinary diplomat . `` It wo n't be long now , comrades . '' She is all business , no humor , and assigns new tasks . `` You must have been smoking a lot . '' Are the stairs faster than the elevator at the Eiffel Tower ? -LSB- In this movie . -RSB- Ninotchka shows her attitudes . A subject for study ? `` What do you do for mankind ? '' -LSB- Does Ninotchka talk like a machine ? -RSB- `` What kind of girl are you ? '' -LSB- Just who is being spoofed here ? -RSB- `` You 're very talkative . '' Ninotchka visits a restaurant for lunch . The talk is n't that funny , now . `` Ha-ha . '' -LSB- The moon joke is still funny ! -RSB- `` What 's so funny about this ? '' Later Ninotchka laughs during a legal discussion . It that hat meant as a joke ? -LSB- The talk is not that funny , the film starts to drag . -RSB- They meet at a fancy restaurant . Leon is with a well-dressed Ninotchka . The Grand Duchess shows her attitudes . Leon has a new task
 as much as I dig Warren Beatty 's work i ca n't get down with this film.only Harvey Keitel makes this film worth seeing.the only good thing that came out of this film was the union of Beatty & Bening.very cliched Gangster flick.Ok writing & Directing but nothing special .
 Many years ago I saw this movie in a movie theater and was totally smitten by Anette Bening . Without Bening it would be just a mediocre romance set in a classic mob environment and played by otherwise mediocre actors . But Bening makes it sparkle . Well , do n't buy this DVD , the quality of picture and sound is so bad it will make you cry . It 's actually not much better than illegal copies of movies filmed from the screen . No wonder it was available as a cheapie at Amazon . If you have n't seen this movie before , stay away from this DVD and wait for a better quality version even if it costs a bit more .
 I purchased this DVD because I love movies with Las Vegas settings . I was excited to finally see the story of the visionary Bugsy and his dream of an upscale casino in Nevada . I will not get into the numerous historical inaccuracies . I expected the history to be screwed up ; and it was , but I wanted a more accurate portrayal of Bugsy . Beatty just gave off too much of a Woody Allen vibe for my taste .
 Somehow this gangster movie has eluded me for the past sixteen years until the other Sunday I acquired a DVD version as an Athens week-end newspaper giveaway which announced that it had a 13 minute cut restored in it . Which cut was restored ? I do not know . Nor do I care , the film is boring and overlong anyway.First let me itemise the better points of this work , which wo n't take very long . The cast is obviously top rate , the period costumes are dazzling , the cinematography is excellent and the background music is fairly good . For me these pluses just save the move while leaving it within millimetres of being an absolute failure . Indeed , in that sense it 's rather like Bugsy 's wet and dismal Christmas opening of his dream , The Flamingo Hotel and Casino , the first gambling palace in Las Vegas . An opening failure after the expenditure of vast sums of money and a fatal event for him which produced billions for his mobster assassins years afterwards.The one love interest is with Virginia Hill , played excellently as his sluttish , albeit alluring , moll by Annette Bening who is good at playing naughty lady roles . We learn from a written epilogue at the end of the film that following her lover 's predictable demise she eventually committed suicide in Austria . The only moral of Ben Siegel 's death is `` if you are a target do n't stand reading a newspaper with your back to a curtain-less front window at ground level only yards from the street , or at least spend a few cents on bullet-proof glazing '' . The story is a true one about the psychopath who dreamed up Las Vegas , but is dull and uninteresting and in watching the movie I finally realise what is meant when they say evil is banal . Ben Siegel was essentially both evil and banal and without any attraction or redeeming features . No amount of good film making and first class acting can conceal that fact . His imagination in having the first Mojave desert Casino built was even less creative than that of Billy Butlin , the British entrepreneur who developed the idea behind English holiday camps -LRB- all inclusive resorts -RRB- in the 1950s . One has to ask why did somebody bother to make a movie about him anyway ? A good partly dramatised documentary would have done the job?I had been led by rave reviews to expect a much better movie . Something in the nature of the classic gangster movies I like such as notably The Godfather , Goodfellas , Casino , A Bronx Tale and even the Woody Allen melodrama Bullets over Broadway . There is something comic about the stock Sicilian or Calabrian gangsters that appeals to me , from the point of view of entertainment . In the classic gangster movies I have enjoyed there has been always been a certain amount of humour and sense that has offset the banality of it all . The lead gangsters are usually cerebral , not psychos , just cold - blooded crooked businessmen who treat their own right and value loyalty . There may be psychopaths in such mostly fictional films , sometimes played by Joe Pesci , but are secondary roles and even they are often funny despite themselves . There is little humour in Bugsy and no suspense.I sat down and watched 144 minutes of the movie in three sessions . The title might well have been The Fall of a Psychopath . I am really glad I did n't buy a theatre ticket for a work so long , dull and utterly boring . In most gangster films the mobster chiefs get a flunkey do the dirty violent work . However , Ben Siegel himself , as portrayed by an aging Warren Beatty , seems to enjoy murder for its own sake and gets rid of his frustrations by brutally beating men up at the slightest excuse while sheepishly accepting objects hurled at him by his sluttish girl friend . Bugsy is a mean sort of character whose life seems completely pointless but is street wise enough to get off a murder charge . He is an entirely soulless person who will do anything to get what he wants from bribery to murder . Strangely enough one gets the strong impression towards the end of the movie that the producers really want the audience to empathise with Bugsy and his whore . I turned the DVD player off with nary a misty eye . As portrayed Siegel deserved his sticky end . One of the most unsympathetic charmless characters I have ever seen on the screen without any redeeming features.As far as Hollywood movies were concerned the Kuwait War year 1991 was only notable for production of two pleasant melodramas , Fried Green Tomatoes and Frankie and Johnnie . The Bugsy movie was nominated for a whole array of undeserved academy awards , losing to Silence of the Lambs , another dismal movie . However , Bugsy deservedly succeeded in winning Oscars for its art , costume and music .
 Somehow this movie really never takes off . In the days of Lucky Luchiano , Meyer Lansky & Capone , it really could have been good , but the focus is more on Bugsy 's strange personality than it is about the mob . If you 're looking for that good solid punch that Donnie Brasco had , it 's not here & its a shame . I was surprised it was rated so high here on amazon .
 I really like this film and I am disappointed with this DVD . The transfer from the film to DVD was not done well . The colors have become way too saturated . In most of the scenes the characters faces are either too red or too yellow . I 'm going to hang on to my VHS of this movie from many years ago which actually looks better than this DVD . The color and overall look of the film are decided by the Art Director working in collaboration with most of the other major contributors to the film . It is a lot of work and the outcome is the result of many decisions along the way . There is no reason to go messing with that . Oh , and the extra scenes that were not included in the original theatrical release ? They did nothing for me . The film was perfect the way it was . Please leave the Editing and the Art Direction to the experts . I 'm going to take my chances with earlier DVD release and see if that is any better .
 Definitely in the bottom five . The screen play strains to include the well-known historical points of its subject into the film in the most ham-fisted and contrived ways in an attempt to build a feature film length linear story . It fails heroically . The skeleton story is padded out with fabricated hokum , Hollywood star turns by Warren Beatty in possibly his most annoying performance ever , and gratuitous violence galore . If ever there was a must-miss it 's this pile of garbage .
 Key components to this movie -1 , The Mob 2 , LV 3 , Seigel & Hill ; 4 , Beatty & Bening ; The screen play is of the highest calibre , with a detailed retelling of the Seigel story . Further the acting of certain characters is excellent , Harvey Keitel and Ben Kingsley.Sadly I fear Beatty 's performance falls , at times , into slapstick - more of the vein of Stallone in `` Oscar '' than one of the most feared players of Murder Inc. I summary I 'd say if you are a fan of the genre watch this movie despite Beatty , and if you are a fan of Beatty watch this movie despite the genre !
 I was disappointed by this DVD . Watching it , I got bored and just went on to other things . Sort of bothered by an apparent glorification of someone who really was n't a very nice person .
 Could not understand , sympathize or identify with the mother character , and thought the plot and acting were not even good .
 not a good movie . silly , made no sense , just bad . why was this a movie ? eva mendez is okay and somewhat has fallen off as a lead acctress . the girl was pretty good . it wasnt her fault the writing was just ok .
 the beginning was smart , witty and funny but then quickly waned . it turned into a typical movie of a rebellious teenager who comes around in the end . luved the latino flava , though !!
 There is little to recommend in this film other than the `` cuteness '' , effervescence and physical attractiveness of the adolescent female and her mother . Although the plot does have a modicum of redeeming value and entertainment value , they are n't really enough to warrant going out of one 's way to view . 2-Stars is about right for this one .
 This was not a movie that I think I would like my 15 Year old daughter to watch . If I could return it I would like to I was not impressed at all .
 Told by a different storyteller -- perhaps in a movie with subtitles and scenes in a Balkan caf&eacute; -- Girl in Progress would qualify as a tragedy , a horror story , an upsetting drama of child abuse . Here 's the cautionary tale of an overworked teenaged girl , neglected by her self-absorbed , single , working-class mother , who embarks on a self-destructive plan to speed up her journey to adulthood and escape her mother 's chaotic house . Were this movie given the Romanian New Wave narrative treatment , it might win a prize.But spiced up with commercial-grade Latin-American content and starring the glamorous , likable , and marketable Cuban-American Mendes in a pretend attempt at looking haggard , this inauthentic teen tale , with its cosmetically softened edges , serves neither the young people nor the Mendes fans for whom it might be intended . There 's a particularly bum message about the lives of blue-collar women in the subplot involving Mama 's affair with the husband of a woman whose house she cleans . Apparently , marital betrayal is the price of employing someone so pretty in the low , if honorable , job of cleaning toilets .
 Poorly done and as stated quite amateurish . It simply did not get moving and finally turned it off . If it got any better I 'd be surprised .
 The premise of how the daughter tries to achieve her own `` coming of age '' feels so unbelievable to me that I find myself cringing and getting annoyed . I really wanted to like this movie , but am turning it off mid-way through .
 I just could n't get into the story line . It just did n't grab . My attention was lost and within 10 minutes I turned it off .
 Movie was very boring , not what i expected . The movie does not have much to offer . Overall I would not recommend this movie .
 A possible read . This is one of those women with issues book that all it take is a wise mentor .
 I HAVE NOW PURCHASED THREE OF THEIR DVD 'S AND HAVE BEEN DISAPPOINTED THAT THEY REALLY CONTAIN ALOT OF THE SAME MATERIAL . EACH DVD ONLY HAD 1 PERSON FROM THE SEMINAR TO GET TO ASK A QUESTION , THE ANSWER SEEMED TO GO ON AND ON WHEN THEY SHOULD HAVE LET MORE PEOPLE HAVE A CHANCE FOR QUESTIONS . I do use the Law of Attraction and know it works , but probably will not purchase more unless I see someone elses DVD and know it contains alot of new material .
 This is a silent film . I read that it 's one of the best . I seen some of it . And graphics wise it 's good . There are two movies on one disc . And the first one is really old , 1905 . It 's ok . The second one is better in picture , and there are words to be read not annoying so . But often . Great acting . If I could I would n't by this one again . Yet , I am a half glass full kind of person and the music is good very short for a little over an hour . It 's what they did back then . I would look for a better one if I were you .
 Even though this film is a collectors item and over 100 years old I can not give it away fast enough . I changed my mind after I purchased it wanting to return it ... rather pricey ... but being curious I opened the package and watched it . I really wanted to like it . But I will give this treasure away.I will keep my newer Jesus films . I was conned by the kinder reviews of others .
 Lots of shooting . Two black guys . Two Brits -LRB- one playing a Southern sheriff -RRB- . One fast-talking con . One backwoods SOB who has a lucrative drug operation . They all chase each other all over the place , shooting and killing and stuff.That 's about it .
 \ \ THIS TAPE WAS VERY BAD HAD PRINTING AND WRITING ALL THRU IT HAVE WRITEN SUPPLER 3 TIMES BUT HAVE GOTTEN NO ANSWER BACKAM SURE THE STORY WAS GOOD BUT TAPE WAS IMPOSSBLE TO WATCHWANT TO ADD THAT I HAVE HEAR FROM SUPPILER AND HAVE GREATFUL GOTTEN A REFOUND THANK YOU
 you will save yourself lots of aggravation and some money . the quality is horrible . sound is muffled and picture is dark and very very grainy . as far as the movie , it sounds alot better than it is . its not worth wasting your time . go get An Innocent man , with Tom sellick you 'll enjoy that one alot better then this trash .
 It was dark and cloudy at times . Not the greatest buy . I am very disappointed . Can I return for a refund ?
 I bought this DVD a while back to replace my aging VHS video . Naturally I expected to get the same concert film only with better sound and picture quality however that was not to be the case . The first thing I noticed was that two great tracks were missing , `` Cities '' and `` Big Business / I Zimbra '' . Actually the tracks are included but they are separate `` bonus '' tracks and they have not been converted to wide screen like the rest of the tracks . The best thing about this concert was the unique concept of building up the stage as it progressed . And because of this you absolutely ruin the film by removing segments or showing them out of order . Its kind of like cutting up a priceless painting and putting the pieces back together in a different order . It 's almost a sacrilege . Well you might be saying to yourselves at this point that its worth it for the superior sound quality of digital media but unfortunately you do n't even get that . I have listened to the original so many times that I know every little sound by heart and when I first played this DVD I noticed that certain sounds were missing . In fact it was so bad that I thought that one of the channels must be out on my sound system . For example in most places on the DVD Alex Wear 's guitar can barely be heard at all . Also certain sounds have completely been dropped . For example where Alex points his guitar at a running David Byrne like it 's a gun there should be a sound effect there which is now completely absent . Basically it 's just a terrible mix . I mean I understand that when you have three guitars playing at once plus a bass guitar you have to lower the volume on some of them in the mix to not have it sound jumbled but you should still be able to hear all the instruments clearly . The original mix was just right as far as I 'm concerned and in any case no mix should be so bad that it makes you think that your sound system is broken . Anyway if you still have a VCR player or DVD VCR combo as I do I would recommend trying to find the original VHS tape instead , especially if you have never seen this one before . You should see it for the first time the way it was meant to be seen .
 Most of the reviews have been raves . I usually rate tunes by my impression the first time I listen to them or to a new arrangment . Not being a huge Talking Heads fan , I found many of the songs uneventful , and the stage effects a bit distracting . Some of the lighting effects seemed like updated versions of 60s psychedelic for the kids who were n't old enough to have seen it . I 'm an old musician , so I like to see the musicians more than the staging . The entire show seemed to be just a showcase for David Byrne to putz around on stage . I was especially disappointed by the arrangement of `` Take Me To The River '' . I really liked the tempo of the original version - it had a grindingly soulful sound to it . Speeding it up by about 30 % was a mistake , and the tune lost the thing that made it what it originally was.I recently heard that one of our local PBS stations is going to air this concert DVD during a fundraiser . I wish I 'd waited to hear it there first - I would n't have bought a copy .
 I loved Stop Making Sense when I saw it in the cinema many years ago . Unfortunately , the DVD can not be played on our DVD player -LRB- Sony PlayStation 2 -RRB- and I had to return it to the shop for a refund . The shopkeeper said dozens of copies had been returned because the DVD is incompatible with several different DVD players . Why make a DVD that can not be viewed by all normal machines ? The irony is that this DVD is distributed in Canada by Sony Music and can not be played on a Sony PS2 .
 I loved `` Stop Making Sense '' when it hit the movie theaters back in the mid 80 's . I was Very Disappointed with the DVD . It Was Not the movie !! It was all this bogus and unnecessary commentary laid over a classic piece of performing arts . The ceaseless drivel totally ruined this classic live music performance . I would Very Much like to get the Original Movie & not this dubbed nonsense . I am very unsatisfied .
 Get ready for five minutes of lame advertising at the beginning of this tape . Except for the movie trailer for Stop Making Sense , which immediately precedes the movie , the remaining advertising is totally unrelated to David Byrne , the Talking Heads or alternative music.An example of this outrageous imposition upon customers is advertising for a concert video of the McGarrigle sisters with the Wainwright family . This is n't the worst of it ! I would not have purchased the video , had I known David Byrne 's artistry would be marred with this commercial dross.What is next , five minutes of audio advertising on every CD I purchase ? Since the integerity of the work obiously has no meaning to the people that put this together , I am surprized they did n't cut the film up into segments and intersperse commercials between the songs!If you make it through the commercials to what you paid for , you will see really inventive music-making and interesting staging . I am old enough to remember when this tour took place and could kick myself for not attending one of the live shows .
 The only reason for 1 star is that I could not send it without marking the star rating system ... otherwise it would be 0 . I never recieved this item . it was obviously lost in the mail.I would suggest a better tracking system for amazon related items ... makes me leary of ordering anything through amazon again.I was in touch with the seller -LRB- book community -RRB- and they offered a full refund , which I have n't gotten yet ... but they have promised to make good.I hope this helps.Kerri E. Allen
 This movie was supposed to be a great comedy but it was n't that funny at all . I thought the idea was really good but it was n't executed in an effective way . The only laugh came from Dan Hedaya as Nixon . He was great but nothing elsewas really noteworthy about this film which I feel is highly overrated concerning the positive critism it has gotten .
 Good Points
 Very mildly amusing political satire that would have been much funnier about 25 years ago . Standout performance by the actor playing Nixon . Hash brownie humor is pretty lame . This film is just not topical . Would have been better right after the Watergate scandal broke . If you STILL perceive Nixon as an icon of ` the establishment ' , then you might like it . Might as well make a film lambasting Ike Eisenhower - i 'm sure it would get the same amount of belly-laughs - none .
 This movie was the worst comedy ever . Was it even supposed to be a comedy because I did n't laugh . And I laugh at everything ! It was sooo boring and if you are only a pre-teen you have NO IDEA what the Watergate and DEEP THROAT has to do with anything . It 's hard to comprehend , there is absolutely no point for its making . It stars two ditzy girls who somehow wind up becoming the President 's `` Secret Youth Advisers '' and `` Professional Dog Walkers '' . Then they play a tape and hear the President is mean to his dog so they go against him and try to steal the tapes and stuff . What 's up with that ? My two friends think it is the greatest movie on earth so they worship it and make me watch it . I thought it was going to be good , because these friends have good taste . But , apparently , their judging was n't as good as I thought . There are about 500 scenes that make no sense whatsoever and even though the acting is great , it 's a dumb movie . DO N'T SEE IT ! YOU 'LL BE WASTING YOUR TIME .
 This movie explains the end of the Nixon presidency via two junior high girls . If you 're adult , you 'll probably find this to be as silly as it is improbable . If you 're a young girl , you 'll probably notice all of the neat 70 's styles , but lose most of the story line -LRB- i.e. how many 10-12 are aware of the Nixon stories , cast , etc. . . -RRB- . The music was great ; the acting was n't ; the scenes were uneventful an unexplained -LRB- i.e. all of a sudden the two main characters are in private sections of the white house -RRB- ... for renters only ...
 `` Dick '' opened at 1,500 cinemas in August and has grossed to-date $ 6m . In terms of ranking , it ranks 126 of 257 movies for 1999 -LRB- but that includes films released yesterday ! -RRB- . It 's going to be a long haul recovering its costs ! It 's difficult to understand for whom this movies is targeted , but if I were to guess , 11 to 15 year old girls is probably not far off . In which case I am the wrong person to give an objective opinion . However , Dan Hedaya does an excellent parady of Anthony Hopkins ' role as Nixon , and his scenes offer some levity to a long 2 hours .
 It is difficult to say that this was the worst movie ever made , but definetly easy to say that it was one of the worst movies I 've seen in 1999 . It is amazing to see that the producer of Armageddon sank all of her earnings into this farce . The movie is not only bad , but also annoying . The only good thing about this experience is the fact that I purchased it from another web store and only paid 16.99 vs. the 17.99 asked by amazon.com
 Me and my friends rented this movie even though we 'd never heard of it . All I have to say is it was the biggest waste of money I 've ever spent . This movie was terrible . I 'm a fan of Michelle Williams in Dawson 's Creek but she destroyed any credibility that she had by starring in this movie . The movie was supposed to be a comedy , but there was nothing funny about it . We were so bored that we did n't even finish it . We had to turn it off it was too terrible to finish . Whatever you do do n't put yourself through the torture of having to see this movie .
 Richard Nixon is my idol in life . I have been studying the age of Nixon for 4 years so I forced myself to watch this film . It 's sad that we have to make a mockery of one of the greatest Presidents in history . This President ended a terrible war in Indochina that his administration did n't start , opened U.S. relations with China , and achieved peace with the USSR in the Soviet Limitations Arms treaty during the Cold War , just to name a few accomplishments . The Watergate cover-up was an attempt to protect the American people from a mistake but unfortunately failed . Also , this film was inaccurate in its portrayal of Nixon and his wife Pat . Nixon cherished nothing in this world besides Pat , not like our current President . Why wo n't these two girls make a sequel called `` Bill '' . Since they would be older , they could become presidential secretaries that would perform `` favors '' for the Bill like his infamous intern . They could help Ken Starr with his case . Just a thought - Make fun of a president who deserves it . It 's extremely trite to make fun of Richard Nixon .
 ALTHOUGH THERE WERE SOME AND LITTLE WHITE HOUSE JOKES , THE MOVIE IS DEFINITELY ONE OF THE WORST PRODUCTIONS I HAVE EVER SEEN . NOT ONLY WAS THE CLUELESS TYPE PLOT UNAPPEALING , BUT IT ALSO WAS JUST PLAIN BORING . WHAT WERE THESE WRITERS DOING WHEN THEY MADE THIS . THEY DEFINITELY CREATED A BLUNT AND A FAILURE . NOTHING INTERESTING EVER HAPPENED . I SERIOUSLY DOUBT THAT THE GIRLS WOULD BE ALLOWED TO GO INTO THE OFFICE AND SEARCH THROUGHT THE PERSONAL THINGS WITHOUT BEING THROWN OUT . THIS PLOT WAS JUST PLAIN DRAGGING . DO N'T SEE THIS . YOU HAVE BETTER THINGS TO DO WITH YOUR TIME .
 What a waste of a great idea and great cast - all the leads give cracking performances and the concept of two ditzy teens getting muddled up with Tricky Dicky 's Watergate Scandal is a novel one.However , in order to keep the movie mainstream and dumb enough the poor players are put through a load of lame gags and uninspried set pieces - the level of the humour is way below the 12 certificate the film carries.It 's unlikely that the audience this movie is suited to would know the name of current US president , nevermind the complexities of the bungled Watergate break-in !
 some funny moments are in this movie but often many boring moments concerning presidential stuff and crap like that.the previews were kinda better than the movie but they cut out some of the bad language funny parts so this is worth a rent
 I ordered 2 things at the same time . This one came over 2 weeks later than my first .
 If you watch this on Video you are probably out of luck , or hard pressed for a laugh . The laughs what there are of them are on the outakes , included in the DVD version under the heading bloopers . I imagine the whole cast , including the dog for heavens sakes , were asked to watch Stone 's masterful movie `` Nixon '' and then told to do a paradoy ! The other version of the movie again on DVD is where Andrew Fleming -LRB- Director -RRB- & screenwriter Sheryl Longin do a commentary of their movie as it rolls - that at least is interesting ! Apparantly much of it was shot here in Toronto and I found the photography and sets excellent - but gee where did all the humor go - this is home to Yuk Yuks and you know , Ace Ventura , surely there is some inspiration to be found here ? Nixon is played by Dan Hedaya and is genuinly amusing despite the script . The girls are nice , but I doubt they will be nominated . Overall this is a dismal excuse for entertainment and an awful waste of money - production money . I can get over the cost of renting the disc !
 Maybe I would have liked it more if I was more familar with the Watergate Scandal and that time period , but this movie really annoyed me . Arlene and Betsy were too shallow and stupid to even seem remotely funny to me . They did n't really have any character at all , they just walked around making stupid remarks , and getting really enthusiastic about the president 's dog . Arlene was sort of funny though , with her `` crush '' . I 'm trying to think of nice things to say about this movie , but it had no aptmosphere for me , I mean the sets were nice , but it did n't capture the seventies mood , and it was off the wall unrealistic , to the point of being stupid .
 I 'll admit that I only got this because , at the time , I had a crush on Michelle Williams . I watched the DVD once , about 4 years ago . And since I do n't find her so attractive anymore I wo n't be watching it again because there is no other reason to waste my time.Andrew Fleming -LRB- who made a much better teen movie with ` The Craft ' -RRB- makes a big , unfunny joke of the Watergate scandal and President Nixon 's massive corruption and anyone not familiar with the specifics -LRB- which just so happens to be the movie 's target demographic -RRB- will be lost . Some older adults might get a lame chuckle at some of the flippant , throwaway humor but there is nought to recommend to anyone else.Why on earth would these girls be so infatuated with Nixon anyway other than to drive along the tiresome story . Even Will Ferrell fails to amuse and has nothing left to do but overact in order to fill up some screen time -LRB- much like everything else he does -RRB- . The DVD is in 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen with Dolby 5.1 sound . It 's nothing to write home about . Extras include a commentary , an Isolated music track -LRB- why ? -RRB- , a deleted scene , a featurette , a mildly amusing blooper reel and some trailers -LRB- one for Spice World ! of all things !!! -RRB-
 I give this film 5 stars . This and The Princess and the Warrior are in my top 10 all time favorites.This is less a review than advice to those that may be influenced by the 1 star reviews . The reviewers all tried really hard to sound intelligent while at the same time admitting that they `` do n't get it '' and claim that there was nothing thought provoking.They say that it was just the same thing three times showing three possible results . These reviewers said it themselves - they did n't get it.During the movie the song What a Difference a Day Makes is played both to create atmosphere and to send a message . One of the main points of the movie is to show what a difference precious seconds can make . . Cheers.P.S.Hopefully this sheds some light for the 1 star reviewers as well , but I doubt it .
 Actually this is n't really even a movie , it 's a really long music video . Maybe it 's an advertisement , I do n't know . All I can say is that a good movie requires a few things first and foremost
 This film is based on a single central idea which is n't particularly original in the first place . It tells a story from the point of view of several possible outcomes which provides an interesting way of telling a story though it is very reiterative.The film takes place in a typical mittel-Europa city - probably German - and concerns itself with a very slight plot in which there are multiple outcomes . I wo n't bore you with the detail but suffice to say that unless you like to look at the eponymous Lola -LRB- believe me she 's no oil painting -RRB- running around the streets to get to talk to various people -LRB- has n't she heard of the `` telephone '' or the `` taxi '' ; perhaps the title of the film would n't work well `` Phone Lola Phone '' and `` Ride Lola Ride '' do n't really have the same ring to them , I suppose -RRB- you 'll get pretty bored with this one - especially as it 's telling the same story with a different ending three or four times.As entertainment this is only slighly more interesting than watching paint dry . I 'll give it one more star than the absolute minimum due to it 's interesting effort to try and tell a story in an innovative manner but beyond that there is very little of value here.Give this one a miss despite what the other fawning 5 * reviews here are telling you .
 There are so many good things in this movie that I really wish that I could 've liked it more . But , as it is , it felt like the cinematic equivalent of a video game . If you really do want to spend 80 minutes watching some chick running then I 'd suggest waiting for the next Olympics . For a German movie with some depth , rent anything by Fassbinder , Herzog or Wenders .
 I bought the dvd of this movie after I read all those positive feedback from other viewers . However , this is not the type of movie that I 'll be willing to wait for more than a month for viewing . As an overseas buyer , the movie , shipment waiting time , and the cost of buying it all does n't meet my high expectation/anticipation level of the movie . I was expecting something more like `` Le femme Nikita '' not a story of 2 youngsters having three different ending of their problems . The only good thing from this movie , for me , is the music ! Two thumbs up for the music selection ...
 Another superhip , irritatingly kitschy , loud , fast , music-video of a movie , which obviously hopes to inspire the ever-so profound reaction
 Franka Potente stars in a thrilling , but all together mis-directed new style movie from Germany . The main character in the film , Lola , is forced to make several dramatic and radical feats to help raise thousands of DM 's for her less than appealing boyfriend Manni in order to pay off some gangsters . A radical new approach to directing is taken throughout the film , with heavy emphasis on music and an almost surreal style of split screen action between different characters . An incredible use of different cinematography and angle points is also used , -LRB- Not to mention some usage of animated scenes -RRB- which are also stunning . Unfortunatly for this film , the approach is not enough . The story is often muddled and confusing , and the characters are very briefly outlined . But you have to look at what the movie was made for . The director obviously intended this to be an experiment , he sacrificed the plot in order to try out some new , radical approach to filmaking . Not for everyone , but give it a try if you want something different .
 I never watched the entire video , I became disenchanted watching this style of German movie making.The use of cartoons takes much away from the story . I do n't think I have patience to watch it againso I will probably trash it .
 The only reason I came across this film was that I was mesmerized by the director 's more recent work , the Perfume . So I thought I 'd check out the rest of his films.Lola gets a call from her boyfriend that he 's lost his crime boss ' money . And the boss is coming to collect it in 20 minutes . So Lola starts running , originally to see her dad who is a banker . And then depending on how fast she can go or whether she gets held up or not , entire lives can work out differently not only for herself but also for people that she bumps into - literally . The movie shows us 3 possible scenarios.The action 's obviously quite fast , because she 's running just about the whole movie , so you are made to feel that things are happening . But it 's all extremely shallow , the thrills and developments are very uninteresting.We are shown fates of people we do not care about at all . This is one of the main flaws of this film . It assumes that the audience will care about strangers . The only guy I cared about in the movie was the homeless fellow , I looove that beard . Even Lola and her boyfriend did n't really move me , though they looked like a lovely couple.The message of the film is also very much irrelevant . That the little choices we make , or even just pure chance , can have big effects on our lives and others ' . No kidding ! Give this guy a Nobel Prize ! But I have a question
 My 16 year old daughter told me this film changed her life . I 'm getting her into therapy soon . I suppose that as a study in film making techniques and creativity this film breaks some novel ground . Aside from that the characters held no interest for me , a 47 year old . The overdone running scenes comprise about 50 % of what is a rather short-running film to begin with . Decent Dolby 5.1 effects . Look for something else !
 I dont see what the BFD was about this movie . I mean , yeah she looks cool and they do drugs , yay . I thought the experimental `` and then '' parts were kinda cool . But I just didnt like the movie . I dont think they connected the groundhog day feeling of it all together that well . Or obviously . This was better than the otherGroundhog Dayin how it was maybe an hour shorter . Not for me . And I usually like off beat movies . Just dont be off beat for the sake of being offbeat . I think I might check out the soundtrack though .
 Wake me up when it 's over ! The only reason this movie gets two stars is for it 's look and the excellent way the movie was shot . After that , it 's just boring , repetitive dribble . I like the Hollywood movies better . `` Groundhog 's Day '' is 15 times better than this unimaginative lump of crap .
 `` What a waste of money ! '' These words demonstrate my exact reaction after watching this movie which I have regrettably purchased on DVD . Excited to have a new DVD player , I bought this DVD after reading the many great reviews about the movie . Now I 'm extremely puzzled . Why so much praise for this flick ? It is anything but interesting
 I did not get it . She is just running and running and again running . No philosophical idea . No point . The movie is telling us the same story in three different versions . Why ? Boring ...
 This is one movie where the title makes as much sense as the content . I gave it one star , although Franka deserves five stars for fitness .
 ok , so u want to know what a bad film is like . yea well dnt watch this one cause u will just fall asleep and still not know the film is about her running and runninga and running and running and u get the picture
 Her pusher boyfriend needs his junk , and his girlfriend missed the connection?Yeah ? So what?Watch him get on the phone to her and freak out . Repeatedly.Just tired of films about drugs and users and that entire scene.Shot in that annoying MTV music-video style.When will directors learn to stop swirling the camera and allow the actors to do what they were hired to do?Not a complicated concept at all , filmmakers . Leave the actors alone . That 's right
 In a single sentence , this is the first time I felt I wasted my money .
 I see a lot of glowing reviews for this movie and I just do n't get it . It 's not `` deep '' , ingenious , brilliant , or anything else that I 've heard it called . Anyone who thinks this movie is thought provoking probably thinks Barney the dinosaur is a great philospher -LRB- seriously , get an education -RRB- . This is a gimmicky , kitchy film that is a combination of concepts that have all been used before . The funny part is that they were n't great concepts the first time I saw them in other films . But hey , nothing suceeds like excess ... so lets bring it all together and make a really really bad movie !
 This movie does n't even deserve one star . The script was horribly written , and they kept on playing the SAME thing over and over and over again . Little parts changed while they replayed it , but I knew I could n't stand to watch ANOTHER rerun again . I had to watch this movie for German and I 'm certainly not watching it again .
 This pic reminds me a bit of Amelie , but much better . Amelie was cutsie and this is an action pic . Unfortunately , the running does get a bit tiresome , though it is interesting for much of its running time .
 All I can say is do n't waste your money !
 If you like thumping , loud , monotonous music , you may like this film better than I did . With all the hungry , talented musicians in the world , I would think this film maker could have found one that could provide decent music.Although I liked Potente in other films , it was difficult for me to find the characters interesting . Maybe I could forgive Lola for being in love , but her boyfriend seemed worthless.Yes , this film showed various futures that could have arisen from a single starting point . That is a good idea for a film , but I just think , in spite of the attempts at originality , the result did not bear fruit . For a more intelligent film about the possibilities arising from a situation , I think Rashomon would be a better way to spend your time .
 I can not believe that people would give this film 5 stars . I forced myself to watch the entire film just because I could not believe that someone would actually recommend this film . Yea it has an interesting twist , but it gets real painful after a while . If you love it , god bless ...
 The meat of the movie is given away by the title . Be prepared to watch Lola do an awful lot of running ... and then some more . American movie critics seem to have a fetish for any movie foreign . Do n't believe the hype ... the plot is not ingenious nor are the direction and production groundbreaking . The basic idea -LRB- Lola has to come up with 100,000 bucks and get it to her distressed boyfriend Manni in 20 minutes or he will be killed -RRB- would have made for an exciting short film , but instead is stretched into an agonizing almost feature length film . The same story plays out three times , with three different endings . The premise is interesting -LRB- not original -RRB-
 It was kind of an interesting film , but I found the music boring and monotonous . Some of you have good points about the technical merits and originality , but I just could not get past the music , so for me it was not enjoyable . If the director and producer both had tin ears , there are millions of cheap , underpaid musicians in the world . Or just leave some of the more obnoxious music out.Germany / Austria has given so much great music to the world
 This film has some cult following . And I decided to give it a try.Basically , this is just a `` one-idea-film '' that would have made a GREAT short feature . Instead , they stretched it into a feature film.And it is all offensively idiotic .1 - Lola is at home . Her boyfriend calls her and explains his problem
 No spoilers ahead : The story tells of a boyfriend who is in debt . Coming to terms that he will not pay off the debt with only 20 minutes remaining , his girlfriend runs to his aid to try and get the money before time is up . The plot is told three times over to exemplify three different possibilities of what can happen.I 'm almost shocked at the abundant amount of raving reviews for this terrible film . I 'd like to make a fair review based off of the insight and interesting things about the film , but I honestly fail to see any . For this I can only pick at it : The Music
 It made me dizzy , I fell asleep
 I know all opinions are subjective but I do not undertsand what you could find interesting in this movie . The love story is stereotyped . The boyfriend is an idiot -LRB- which makes the girl an even more idiot -RRB- , the soundtrack is exhausting and the plot is non existing . In this type of movie there is MUCH better which has been done . Please ...
 Also ich finde es ja toll , dass ein deutscher Film in den USA so gut ankommt , aber ich habe ihn bei uns in Deutschland im Kino gesehen und dachte mir `` wie lange rennt die denn noch '' und `` warum rennt die schon wieder '' . Mein Freundin fand den Film aber echt klasse . Von den vier Leuten die wir waren gibt einer 5 Sterne , 2 geben drei Sterne und ich gebe dem Film 2 Sterne . W&uuml;rde ihn mir aber niemals auf DVD oder Video kaufen .
 I do n't think this film is THAT brilliant . Yes , it explores interesting philosophical issues -LRB- for example , Lola 's question to her boyfriend
 Although `` Run , Lola , Run '' is off-beat , has some nice camera work and a few impressive images , I could not develop any interest in any of the characters . Lola 's extreme red hair and goofy outfit -LRB- blue tank top , white bra straps , turquoise pants , and black Doc Martin boots of all things -RRB- were distracting . The `` driving music beat '' -LRB- or however it was described -RRB- , was fairly boring and repetitive.The commentary was only slightly more interesting than the movie . The two participants of writer/director Tom and lead actress Franka were a couple at the time , which accounts for the mutual admiration society feel of the commentary.There may have been a good idea for a movie here , but I could not find it . Close to being the least watchable movie -LRB- `` Lost and Delirious '' , `` The Smokers '' , `` Black and White '' and `` Armageddon '' -RRB- . I nearly dozed off both times.I give the movie two stars for effort and concept , but I advise you to ... `` Run Away , Run ''
 This film may have had a tad of art to it but for the most part it looked like a practice RUN for `` Groundhog Day . '' I appreciate the differences but there is nothing unique about this movie . The only pleasure is comparing this to the hundreds of other similar movies -LRB- `` D&eacute;j&agrave; Vu '' , `` Sticky Fingers of Time '' , `` Happy Accidents '' , etc. -RRB- The story is very basic ; boyfriend loses mob money to bum on subway . Girlfriend -LRB- Franka Potente quite hansom if you discount the red hair -RRB- frantic to help must RUN to his rescuer obtaining 100,000 Deutschmarks -LRB- pre-Euro 2002 -RRB- on the way . We are treated to several versions and there could have been more . ----------------------------------------------- This film lends its self well to Blu-ray . And there are a few DVD extras worth watching . Unfortunately they spoke to fast to interpret so I needed the English subtitles . I would have preferred German subtitles then I may have been able to keep up . There is an English soundtrack but much is lost in the translation.The Lives of Others -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 If you think the Night Tide - - 50 years anniversary edition offers a clearer print as compared to even the lowest budget DVD productions of this film , forget it . This edition is NOT remastered . The product description does n't mention remastering but the fact that it is an anniversary edition was enough to make me purchase it and check . The sound is crisp and clear but the picture is grainy with jumpy film splices and spots on many of the moving images . You would be better served purchasing a version of the film which costs less than $ 9.99 . As for the film , it is an excellent light horror film which works better if thought of as a mystery story . The more you think about this film after seeing it , the more of a mystery it becomes even though , on the surface , most of the story appears to be answered . After thinking about some of the characters , their possible motivations for doing what they do , the mystery surrounding Mora only grows.The acting , direction and especially the script which is beautifully written with all the characters sharing the common thread of loneliness is all well done and it recommends itself so much more than any Roger Corman film . I highly recommend this film and it deserves to be remastered in a REAL 50th Anniversary Edition and not what Amazon is offering for sale here for $ 9.99
 If you are going to make a horror movie , here is an idea . How about a monster ? Would n't that be something ? Yes Dennis Hopper is in this and it is probably the only reason anyone would watch this . For those who like old horror movies with hoaky monsters , all you get out of this is a giant rubber octopus that comes in a dream.Dennis Hopper is a sailer in the Navy spending some time on the Santa Monica boardwalk . He meets and pursues a beautiful woman named Mora . Turns out she works with her guardian in a boardwalk sideshow as a mermaid.There is a lot in this movie that has nothing or little to do with the plot . If I wanted to see a lonely military service member spending time on leave doing nothing interesting at all , I would just videotape myself.Dennis is warned that his life is in danger when the full moon arrives . Mora has already had two boyfriends die in mysterious drowning accidents . He pays no attention to his tarot card reading and decides to go scuba diving with Mora . This is where I get lost.They dive together and Mora takes Dennis ' knife and cuts his air hose . He makes it back to the service . Then he sits on the dingy for hours , Mora never comes back up . Then he spends the night by himself in a hotel.OK , then he goes back to the boardwalk to see Mora as the mermaid . HE goes in to see her and SHE 'S dead ! How did this happen . Then her guardian the drunk old retired Royal Navy Captain pulls a gun on him.At the police station the old man admits that Mora was just an ordinary girl and it was he himself that had been killing boyfriends . So the monster in this movie is an old drunk pervert.I would not watch this again . There is enough pain in my life .
 Lots of shooting . Two black guys . Two Brits -LRB- one playing a Southern sheriff -RRB- . One fast-talking con . One backwoods SOB who has a lucrative drug operation . They all chase each other all over the place , shooting and killing and stuff.That 's about it .
 \ \ THIS TAPE WAS VERY BAD HAD PRINTING AND WRITING ALL THRU IT HAVE WRITEN SUPPLER 3 TIMES BUT HAVE GOTTEN NO ANSWER BACKAM SURE THE STORY WAS GOOD BUT TAPE WAS IMPOSSBLE TO WATCHWANT TO ADD THAT I HAVE HEAR FROM SUPPILER AND HAVE GREATFUL GOTTEN A REFOUND THANK YOU
 The most cruel , complimentary and accurate comment that could be made regarding this film is that it 's probably the best of its genre that Menahem Golan and Yoram Globus ever produced . These two Israeli schlockmeisters have made more money from cheap , exploitive movies than probably anyone else in film history . Of course , this particular entry in the long line of cheesy Golan-Globus fare is n't as good or as interesting as it is because of them . Far more amazing than the film itself is the talent that they managed to assemble for this extravagantly goofy flick
 `` I am the feminine in you , Carlsen '' sayeth the space girl . Judging by all the shouting , bullying and hysteria displayed by Carlsen throughout the film , I can well believe it.I saw this saturday night in the West End when it was first released . The entire cinema was in uproar . Of course , I would have prefered to have paid money to see a good movie but I feel sort of privileged to have witnessed the Plan 9 of our generation . You notice in the first few minutes that everything seems slightly ` off ' . Then when Bukovsky makes his very long dash down the various corridors of the ` European Space Research Institute ' , theatrically pulling each door open as he goes , you sense something special in the making . By the time the cast decamps to Thurlstone asylum , Lifeforce takes an appropriate turn for the lunatic which it thankfully does not recover from . The film 's peculiar timing will have you in fits of giggles . Just before Carlsen 's carousel with Dr Armstrong gets underway , Lamson walks into the room centre frame . I do n't know why it is funny , it 's just the film 's peculiar genius . When all hell breaks loose he enters the room a second time and his expression is just priceless . Casting helps . Aubrey Morris , playing the Home Secretary , has a strange expression on his face even when nothing 's happening.Peter Firth , playing an SAS Colonel whose effeminate and mannered announceation gets more worried glances than those aimed at the vampires , confesses to being a natural voyeur . I thought people joined the SAS to get where the action is , not to enjoy standing back and watching , but it is a D notice situation after all . After liberating Britain from the energy sucking vampires , I can well imagine Colonel Caine behind enemy lines in the Falklands , blowing up railway tracks and the like . Job done , he returns to Oscar Tango Brava Two Zero Zero base camp for a debriefing followed by a bottle of mineral water and a fist full of Barbara Streisand CD 's which to his disappointment he already owns . His pantomime dame reaction to the sudden appearance of a giant bat long forgotten by the tired regiment . Lets face it , becoming an actor is a risky business . But when you see Steve Railsback bury his face into Mathilda May 's bosom -LRB- the only time in the movie he actually shuts up -RRB- , you rather regret your decision to become a frogspawn breeder.Ps . Love the Union Jack patches on the astronaut 's boiler suits .
 I ca n't play this STUPID dvd in my player because it is NOT DESIGNED for this REGION ! Get your ACT Together and STOP selling junk !!!! ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR
 EXCEPT for the still unsurpassed utter seediness of AUDREY MORRIS -LSB- Mr. Deltoid from ` Clockwork Orange ' -RSB- as Sir Percy - this one 's quite a hoot in acting class ... . this is HOW NOT to do it on screen and Boys and Girls - we DO have a stellar -LSB- pardon that pun -RSB- cast -RSB- - including Patrick Stewart -LSB- mouth to mouthing Steve Railback whitst posessed -RSB- ; the venerable Frank Finlay -LSB- Iago to Oliver 's Othello -RSB- , just too many to mention - it 's a hoot watching those guys trying to upstage each other in this futile little blast from a somewhat now dismissed Tobe -LSB- Texas Chainsaw Massacre -RSB- Hooper.The effects ? -LSB- Oh Dear , why is everyone floating yet a technician in full frame is on his feet ??? -RSB- One can go on ... -LSB- as for the uncanny Nicole Kidman lookalike ... . startling ! -RSB- QUARTERMASS is much more fun - this poor alien stepchild is somewhere between them all - but worth a rumble or two ...
 Oh Lord , is this movie ever foul ! Everyone emotes like they 're doing an amateur road company version of Hamlet , the dialogue is stilted and the special effects are only special in the sense of `` special education . '' Truly , awesomely bad . If they were still on the air , this movie would be fodder for `` Mystery Science Theater 3000 . '' The only positive thing I can say about this foul bird -LRB- get it ? -RRB- is that it affords one the opportunity to watch Patrick Stewart -LRB- Captain Picard of Star Trek
 Lifeforce is a mildly entertaining sci fi/horror film about swinging space vampires that will only appeal to those with tongue firmly in cheek.Brought to you by the writer of `` Alien '' and the director of `` Poltergiest '' , the movie comes across as a very weak combination of the two.While unabashedly exploitive in the all of the worst ways , there are still one or two memorable moments -LRB- for example , one scene where a space vampire explodes when hit by a car , seems to have inspired a similar scene in Robocop -RRB- . But perhaps the most obvious -LRB- only ? -RRB- reason to watch this campy experience is the beautiful Mathilda May , who spends a significant amount of her screen time nude.On the DVD side of things , the 5.1 audio track is a welcome addition and the film transfer is decent.In a rather telling footnote , however , the only extra features are an uncensored theatrical trailer , and an 8-page booklet with production notes and a behind the scenes article . I guess the fact that MGM did n't take the extra time or expense to program the information from the booklet onto the disc says it all!Although I personally enjoyed it as a `` guilty pleasure '' , this one definitely fits under the Rent-Before-You-Buy category .
 Director
 Talk about your cinematic debacles !! Man oh man does this film reek of the stench of god-awful quality oblivion , I 've seen many films in my day but this movie is the epitome of tremendously pathetic filmmaking if I 've ever seen it . Tobe Hooper -LRB- Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Eaten Alive , Poltergeist -RRB- should have certainty known better when he made this humiliatingly deplorable Sci-Fi Epic to end all others . Personally I 've seen Mystery Science Theater 3000 movies that are leagues better than this film in character development , plausibility , musical accompaniment , direction , acting , and about anything thing else that really counts . Gosh , Manos the Hands of Fate was a more entertaining than this disgusting blemish of a film . With a substantial production budget , direction by Tobe Hooper , special effects by genre legend John Dykstra -LRB- Star Wars -RRB- , and the screenplay written by the Sci-Fi legend Dan O'Bannon -LRB- Alien -RRB- , you would at least pray they could have concocted something more substantial than a atrociously dreadful Space Vampire Disaster Epic that has great visual effects , sets in Pinewood Studios -LRB- where the Bond films were shot -RRB- , and stars a stark naked space vampiress -LRB- for almost the entire film -RRB- played by Mathilda May . What 's so troubling is this film blunders every conceivably enjoyable film element into a cataclysmic floundering that I will never ever forget no matter how much I may try.Though Lifeforce does have a fine DVD presentation , I would n't even bother dredging this stinkball from depths of quality purgatory unless you 're in the mood for unbelievable torment brought to you in the comfort of your own home . Not even the Pope could pardon this debacle.P.S . This rates right up there with It 's Pat
 This movie has the distinction of being the ONLY film that I ever walked out on when I saw it in its theatrical release . I finally decided to watch it on DVD ... figuring it could n't be THAT bad . It 's even worse , the biggest piece of junk I have seen in 50 years of watching movies . This is EASILY the worst acting that I have ever seen , combined with horrendous writing . Railsback does everything but foam at the mouth , bulging his eyes and yelling out terrible lines of dialog . I imagine that Patrick Stewart is terribly , terribly embarrassed by his performance . The rest of the cast is almost as bad , and by the end of the movie I was just laughing at the really terrible ` zombie ' makeup . Someone actually got paid to write and direct this junk ? Truly and completely unbelievable that a movie this bad could be released .
 A waste of time from the Swiss-cheese plot to the pseudo philosophising . With the special effects now severely dated , there are only two redeeming features to this movie and they are both on the chest of the lead actress .
 Me and my girlfriend just watched this confusing piece of drivel and what can I say but `` What the f *** was Tobe Hooper thinking ! I mean first we start out with some astronauts scoping out some mysterious space armada for some reason anyway as they go inside they discover 3 naked people 2 being some skinny dudes and 1 being a stunningly gorgeous and hot babe -LRB- played by some actress named Mathilda May -RRB- who 's the spitting image of sexy Alyssa Milano ! All that happens after they bring them to earth in London is `` All Hell Breaks Loose ' ! Simply put these alien beings known as `` Space Vampires '' suck energy out of as many human beings as they come in contact with so that they can stay young or human in appearance or something . -LRB- I for one did n't understand their agenda at all ! -RRB- And to make things more confusing for some reason the sexy naked chick with the heavenly body -LRB- no pun intended ! -RRB- Robs one person in some park of his/her energy leaving as they do a rotted corpse behind and then hijacks the body of some pretty red head named Ellen . Here 's the confusing part besides it being unclear why they take the energy and life away from anyone in the first place let alone possess other peoples bodies is unclear but to top it off for some reason we see the Beautiful/Sexy space girl vampire taking over Patrick `` Picard `` Stewart 's body and then not bothering to find another body after taking over both his and the red heads and on top of that she was only able to manifest her original appearance as some pile of blood at this point ! As if that is n't confusing enough for whatever reason our main character -LRB- who 's some american astronaut and the token one at that -RRB- is chosen to a -RRB- have this esp to track the `` space vampire 's '' down , and b -RRB- was chosen to be the space chick 's mate . Now why she needs to breed was not clear at all ! All I can say is that this movie is really confusing , full of no-name actors , has boring characters and worst of all has a plot that 's explained only in parts . If all you want is some awesome special effects , a naked chick , and do n't care if it 's pointless then this movie 's for you if not watch a real scifi classic like Blade Runner , any of the 6 Star Wars movies or even Battlefield Earth !
 This movie manages to combine the disgust of a low-budget zombie flick with the overdone of a big-budget hollywood sci fi flick . The product is so completely without redeeming value that it makes one gasp.Zombie-movie devotes may love it , but the rest of the sci fi community would be better off without it .
 This is one of the silliest movies I 've ever seen in my life . Do n't waste your time .
 Never trust the reviewers ! You 've got to watch the movie for yourself . At least part of it , anyway . A number of people typed rather nice things about this flick but I feel that it came up short for me in many , many ways . It was a little too stupid for my taste even with a little bit of female-skin scattered all the way through . There were far too many professional scientists and military people doing really dumb things and getting into a world of trouble because of it . Those things happen all the time , but by today 's standards this futuristic movie is way out-dated in the employee-safety department . After watching for the first 10-minutes or so I did a fast-forward search for all of the skin-scenes `` once '' and put the DVD back in the box it came in . There really is n't very much skin and it is well scattered . The dumb people always get eaten , though that is not exactly what was going on here . I guess we could call it a horror flick , but I would n't give it a lot of points for `` suspense '' . If you have n't watched it before you do n't know exactly what is going to happen and you do n't know exactly when `` something '' is going to happen but you can sure tell `` from the beginning '' that `` something bad is going to happen '' ... it 's just a matter of sitting quietly , chuckling at the naked people and waiting for somebody to die ... You do n't have to wait very long ... it 's usually the dumbest person in the scene . Its just one after the other . You 'd think the survivors would all catch on eventually . Invite somebody over . Make popcorn . Leave the lights on .
 What exactly was Tobe Hooper aiming for when he directed this movie ? He seemed to have a lot of buzz behind him after he helmed The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Poltergeist . I watched Lifeforce twice -LRB- People usually say weird cult films need more than one viewing to like it although I do n't see much truth in that -RRB- and I still did n't like it much better . It begins a lot like Alien and Event Horizon . A group of astronauts are sent to outer space only to encounter space vampires that come to Earth . Eventually , most of London has become infested by zombies . One man must stop a female vampire -LRB- who is naked all the time -RRB- who is behind the whole thing . Not surprsingly , the movie 's climax has our hero making love to the vampiress . Whoa , and all this comes in only an hour and forty-five minutes . Lifeforce is a mix of science fiction , horror , and erotica . Does it work ? No way . If Hooper had stuck to one of those genres -LRB- Erotica in this movie did n't exactly work -RRB- I think he would have had a lot more success . What exactly is wrong with this movie you might ask . It 's the fact that each event that occurs in the movie does n't match very well with the events before it . That may sound confusing , but if you watch the movie you 'll understand .
 Well , I had heard so many things about this film saying howweird and cool it was that I was very excited . So , I popped it into myDVD player , and pressed play . Here 's the review . Well , I managed to sit through the whole thing . The beginning , on the Church Hill and inside the ship by Halley 's Comet , was fairly interesting . Kinda cheesy , but effective . Good effects from Dykastra , whos always dependable . Then , well , it got weird.The rest of the film was interesting , but it just seemed to be so darn pointless , and very badly paced . It was boring much of the time , with dialoge mouthed by mediocre actors doing things muddily explained or just not explained at all . All the while , it still has good effects , though.There were definitly some good , even original ideas in the film , but Tobe Hooper is , to tell you the truth , so bad at Science fiction -LRB- Which is what this film is at its heart -RRB- that things seem ... . well ... . just plain clumsy.The set design is also something I have some beef with . While the sci-fi sets look good for the time , every other set looks like something out of a moderatly budgeted Television show . I do n't know why , they just looked fake , without enough details to even pass as real.And whats the deal with the music . Totally , completely , utterly wrong for the movie . It ruined the tone at almost every turn . Overly dramatic and just plain innappropriate for the film.Lifeforce did have excellent effects -LRB- Though they were not shown enough -RRB- , some good ideas , and some interesting and frightening moments . But , with Tobe Hooper at helm , it loses it 's way . My advice , rent it first , to see if it 's for you.PS - The 15 minutes of restored footage were seamlessly inserted . I could n't tell what was new and what was original
 This is one of the most truly execrable sci-fi/horror flicks ever made -LRB- and I generally love bad sci-fi movies -RRB- . It 's badly written , badly edited , and the acting is truly awful . The special effects are so-so and the plot makes no sense whatsoever . There are only two reasons to buy this video
 The problem with this film was it had the wrong title . It should have been called
 Whether this was intended to be high schlock or accidental schlock is uncertain . This is from the director of `` Poltergeist '' believe it or not . '' It apparently was a British production , and you know how the British handle science fiction . The basic premise was n't terrible , but the application was incredibly awful . The initial idea
 Yes , the concept is bad but the movie is n't as bad in the way you expect , nor is it much good.I bought it because I saw it in the movies so long ago and it made an impression on me then . The London scenes were n't outdone until 28 Days Later and it has a number of things going for it , not to say the least a very sexy female lead that walks around naked for a good part of the movie.The story is a bit overexplaiend and there are a number of scenes where learned men talk intulectually about the events occuring that are a massive suspence killer . This is in addition to the fact that it is rather silly and silly should not be rationalised.I found it a lot worse than I had remembered but I am still glad I had a second look . But I do not recommend it to first time viewers except maybe those how migth be heavily into Vampires and Sci-fi - then it might just be worth a late night viewing .
 Lifeforce is strange science fiction/horror . It 's not really scary , though it does have some suspenseful and memorable moments . It 's somewhat well-paced and there are some decent action sequences . The plot is also somewhat interesting but there are so many other aspects that hurt this movie.The plot ? The shuttle Churchill discovers a ship hidden inside Halley 's comet . Exploring inside it , they discover hundreds of frozen bat creatures and three nude humans -LRB- or humanoids -RRB- inside see through chambers . Two of them are males , one of them female -LRB- the very beautiful and sexy Mathilda May -RRB- . However , something aboard the shuttle goes wrong and the crew is killed off with the exception of one man . A rescue shuttle brings back the three humanoids . They escape and begin a rampage of terror throughout London as two men -LRB- Peter Firth and Steve Railsback -RRB- must try to stop them.I was very much engrossed in the plot , especially the whole lifeforce idea and the interesting twist on vampires . But the movie went downhill as soon as Railsback reentered the movie . He overacts his part and is totally unconvincing . The scene where he shouts at a possessed Patrick Stewart is almost laughable . There 's also the musical score from Henry Mancini . It 's way out of tone from the movie and sounds almost ridiculous at certain points.The special effects in the film range from mediocre to good . At some points , the film looks cheesy and at other times it looks like the big budget film it is.As for acting , some of it is actually not bad . Railsback is terrible but Firth is okay . To be honest , the best performance probably goes to Mathilda May , one of the most drop-dead gorgeous actresses I have ever seen of film . I wish she accepted better roles than this . Maybe this is the reason I have never seen her in another film . She 's actually very good at being the seductress that she is in the movie , just as good and even more subtle than Sharon Stone was in Basic Instinct . This is also quite amazing considering the fact she walks around the movie naked most of the time and acts very calmly and cooly .
 ... Our Hospitality -LRB- The Best Film Of The Two -RRB- . . Is A Lousy Print . . At $ 22 + . . It 's A Rip-Off ... Now Have To Go Elswhere . . Shame On Kino . . !
 I 'm going to weigh in on these dreadfully unfunny films . These films are both stupid and terribly dated . I ca n't understand how even a contemporary audience , back in the 1920s , could enjoy this unfunny nonsense . I wanted to stay til the end , but I found myself fast forwarding because I just could n't take it . There is absolutely nothing funny about Buster Keaton or either of these terrible waste of time flicks .
 Three Shorts
 Totally empty history , a plot that does n't take off anytime , Olin is bad , Gere is stereotyphed , and the old history of doctor and patient falling in love is boring .
 There is n't really any aspect of this dud that I liked and it should be no surprise that it was a dismal flop with audiences and critics . It 's neither original , exciting , or realistic . Gere tries his best to give a potentially complex character some dimension but comes out surprisingly superficial and by-the-numbers . I felt it had something going for it after Gere starts conducting a Beethoven concert -LRB- the only good scene in the whole thing -RRB- , but once he got rushed off to the mental hospital and meets his doctor , I knew the film was totally lost . Once again Gere does try , but it 's all very harmless stuff .
 The sound track on this video was a good second out of sync with the video so I returned it to Amazon and they sent me a new DVD . It was almost as bad as the first DVD so I returned it again . I realize this is an old movie , circa 1936 but I have watched it one Turner Classic and the audio/video was fine . You have to wonder if the DVD maker reproduced this version in their garage .
 Choose `` The Birds '' over this any day . This movie was not a five-star movie ! The ending was too abrupt , and the secret was hard to hear because he was talking too fast . Classic , indeed !
 This movie is sooooo boring .
 The acting and the script for this aAlfred Hitchcock movie are horrible . Save your money and order one of his later movies .
 Hitchcock 's warping of Buchan 's classic just ca n't be excused .
 This has everything I hate about old movies
 Diamond Entertainment 's DVD of 39 Steps is VHS -LRB- taped off a broadcast-TV late-late show in SLP mode -RRB- picture quality . Very soft . This is not what DVD is meant for . I can only comment on the Criterion Collection version for comparison . Criterion picture quality = 9 out of 10 , Diamond picture quality = 3 out of 10 -LRB- 10 being best -RRB- . Save your money .
 AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOIDI watched about half an hour of this nasty transfer last night , it was awful
 I had really been looking forward to watching this movie . I had read the book and I had bought the modern tv version starring Rupert Penrys-Jones -LRB- which was great -RRB- . I would not recommend the Robert Donat version of the movie . For at least 35 percent of the movie , the sound is totally out of sync with the lip movements of the actors . I found I could n't look at the screen because it was too distracting . I was very disappointed .
 The VHS tape was inpossible to watch . I tried it on 2 different playback machines that were in perfect working condition and played other tapes just to see if the problem was in the machine or the tapes . I found that the problem was only with the 39 Steps , the tape I had just purchased.The speed of the tape was intermittant , that is is started out running too fast , changed back to a normal speed and then would speed up again . It was not possible to adjust the tracking -LRB- on either of the two players I tried -RRB- . I had hoped to send the tape as a present to a friend who is interested in old Alfred Hitchcock movies , but had to junk it instead . I ended up purchasing another version of the movies in DVD format from Amazon -LRB- that was was perfect -RRB- to send to my friend.This was the first item that I have purchased through Amazon with which I was not pleased.The 39 Steps -LSB- VHS -RSB-
 This was supposed to be the remastered version , but was not . Poor quality video and audio . I do not recommend anyone buy it .
 i however didnt and ended up being completely bored for nearly 1 and 3/4 hours.Dont watch this version watch the robert powell version its totally cool .
 Look out , step aside ! Minority opinion coming through!On the ' 90 's kids ' game show `` Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego ? '' , there was a quickfire round called `` The Chase '' announced by fedora-clad house band Rockapella grabbing whatever props they found out back and running across the stage . It did n't matter what there was going on - usually , there WAS nothing coherent going on - just that there was commotion in a shared direction . `` The 39 Steps '' is the clear predecessor to `` The Chase . '' We escape a pursuit on a railcar , only to cut to a chase through a waterfall . We get out of a waterfall ; he 's off through the moors . We do get a ' 30 's chopper -LRB- well , autogyro -RRB- chase , so that 's something , I guess . The movie never really stops and lets it all simmer , though ; the plot does n't build or twist - it just continues . The lead 's sent to a far-flung Scottish town with one cryptic clue - find the 39 steps - but no candidates for or information on those blasted steps arrives , so the bulk of the movie is one long Keystone Kops sequence with no clear goals in mind . -LRB- Please do n't comment to lecture me on the nature of the MacGuffin . The device does n't prohibit tension-escalating tactics in the chase itself - new information , changes in allegiances , junctures where the lead has to stop and desperately puzzle things out . This cupboard is bare . -RRB- We never really get a handle on the protagonist , either . He 's good in these situations , but almost too good - always instantly , nigh-painlessly ready with the perfect lie or escape . -LRB- It is , though , entertaining to see him struggle successfully through an impromptu speech without any information on the guest of honor , the occasion , or his assumed identity as speaker . -RRB- While actor Robert Donat is a suave presence , for the character , there does n't seem to be a there there ; he just acts as the plot requires at any given moment . Also , some empty-headed ninny becomes important in the final act for utterly no reason that to supplant attempts at tension with a lame and totally extraneous romantic subplot . The love interest 's insufferability makes the protag 's bullying of her no more welcome or comfortable , though.We 're left with a series of memorable images
 Ick . Burned again by Janus and the lure of a $ 20 DVD from B&N. ; Heads cut off , bad sound , bad picture ... why did n't I hold out for Criterion ?
 If you do n't get the Criterion Edition , you will be getting an inferior transfer of this film
 I received this DVD and was very excited to watch it with my family . Visual quality was a 3 out of 10 . Also the DVD was stopping every 3 minutes . Had to reboot the DVD player to watch another 3 minutes . Quit that after two tries . Received a total of 6 DVDs in this order . Four were marvelous , great quality , but 2 were extrememly poor quality . DVD player was in perfect condition because checked it with several other DVDs . I feel that &#34; The 39 Steps &#34; and &#34; Penny Serenade &#34; were a waste of hard earned money .
 LaserLight 's DVD of `` The 39 Steps '' has low sound , but that I could tolerate . Every 1-2 minutes , the DVD skips several frames , causing the picture to freeze for a few seconds & the sound to be lost , losing a word or two of dialog each time it occurs during speech . Because I 'd read a favorable review of this version , & because my LaserLight DVD of `` The Lady Vanishes '' plays fine , I thought it might be just one defective DVD . I tried a different seller -- with the exact same defective results.My DVD player has had no problems with any other DVDs I 've played on it .
 I have seen the movie many times and was very disappointed in the quality of this version . While the original move is wonderful this version is not one to purchase . Amazon would do well to remove this from their inventory as the picture quality is poor , the dialogue is out of synch and the sound is uneven .
 Alfred Hitchcock 's British film making period hints at the brilliant foray of creative genius that was to follow during his Hollywood tenure . In `` The 39 Steps '' Hitch ' perfectly captures the aura of swinging London and its music halls - except that this time they have become the scenes for murder , mayhem and , one of Hitchcock 's classic touches , the wrong man in the wrong place at the wrong time . Robert Donat stars as that wrong man , playing out a series of parts as Richard Hannay , Mr. Hammond , Capt. Frazer and Henry Hopkins . A Canadian tourist , Hannay is forced to flee police across the countryside and Scottish moors after he is suspected as part of a deadly conspiracy that resulted in the murder of a mysterious spy in his London flat . Hannay is accompanied , for the most part , by the abstinent Pamela -LRB- Madeleine Carroll -RRB- . Determined to prove his own innocence and find the criminal mastermind with the missing fingers , Hannay eventually winds up in a showdown and a race against time . Hitchcock populates his landscape with a series of eccentrics , villains and downright kooks in an effortless blend or romance and adventure . ? The 39 Steps ? is made available in a slew of bootlegged DVD transfers ? none of which are satisfactory , including the legitimate and expensive Criterion Edition . Granted `` The 39 Steps '' was a film in genuinely bad shape , before Criterion came along . But this DVD is not `` pristine '' or `` sparkling '' as Criterion?s packaging suggests . Contrast levels are still too low . There 's an incredible amount of camera flicker in almost all of the scenes . Fine details are lost in darker scenes and only marginally visible during the brighter ones . There 's also a limited amount of edge enhancement and shimmering of fine detail . This is not an outstanding restoration or even a mediocre one . When I think of `` pristine '' and `` sparkling '' Warner Brothers ' `` Mildred Pierce '' comes to mind . `` The 39 Steps '' is no Millie !!! Extras include the usual fluff stuff - a bunch of written essays that are really , really boring . Honestly , how many DVD?s have you read lately ?!? A documentary on Hitchcock 's British period is also included but is not comprehensive and appears as though the source material being used were found under a hay stack in Sussex . And this is what Criterion wants consumers to pay upwards of $ 40 - $ 60 bucks for ? FORGET IT !
 I am a recent fan of this film and -LRB- having watched the crappy transfer they have on Amazon Instant Video -RRB- I was delighted to see a Criterion edition - particularly for the special features included.Sadly , this page is incredibly misleading.I did not purchase the BluRay because I thought I was saving a few dollars . Fool me once , shame on you.Amazon should change the listing to make it very clear that the DVD is the same crappy -LRB- shaky , bad sound -RRB- transfer they have available for streaming . The intro / outro by Tony Curtis makes it even more painful.The `` trailer '' on the DVD is not even for the 39 Steps - it is for North by Northwest , which adds insult to injury.I am asking for a refund .
 This is the only bad review I 've ever done on an item . This DVD is crummy . The sound track does not match up with the images . And the sound track is only barely intelligible . Finally , the mastering on the DVD format left loads of residual squares throughout the movie .
 Perhaps this film is in the public domain , as there are many different copies available on Amazon . This is NOT the one to buy . It appears to have been copied from a very low-quality source , like VHS or broadcast . The picture is filled with digital artifacts . And the audio is distorted and difficult to follow . Shame on these guys for even offering this !
 I can not agree with most of the reviewers , here , about the movie itself . It 's not that I dislike old movies ; I 'm actually a huge fan of movies from this era and of Hitchcock 's later films . But , this particular movie has little to recommend it , in terms of entertainment value.You can , at times , see shades of the greatness to come in Hitchcock 's direction , but he had n't reached anywhere near his peak , at this point . I found the acting to be stilted , wooden , and caricaturish ; the pacing alternately inappropriately frantic and unforgivably plodding.Judging from the reviews that specify the version , the Criterion Collection edition is quite a good transfer . Unfortunately , the Laserlight Video version is a waste of plastic ; dreadful audio , grainy , alternately washed out and too dark , splices , skips , etc. . It 's the version currently selling for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- , and is n't worth even that paltry sum.Students of Hitchcock , buy the Criterion Collection edition , if you must own this film . Fans of Hitchcock , rent the Criterion edition , if you wish to satisfy your curiousity . Everyone , avoid the Laserlight Video edition , at all costs !
 The movie was n't what I expected . Nicholas Cage 's performance was less than spectacular and the performance given by James Coburn was n't up to his usual standard . Michael Biehn 's performance , in my personal opinion , was the only one that was up to par . Personally I think Michael Biehn is a highly underappreciated actor who deserves to be recognized for his work as well as his work ethics .
 You 'd think a cast of pro actors -LRB- Michael Biehn , Nicholas Cage , Sarah Trigger , Peter Fonda , James Coburn , Mickey Dolenz , Clarence Williams III , Charlie Sheen , Rene Estevez and PHANTASM heavy Angus Scrimm -RRB- , and a famous family of cinema to guide him , Christopher Coppola -LRB- nephew of Francis and director of the better-forgotten 1989 opus DRACULA 'S WIDOW -RRB- would have no trouble pulling off a neat little GRIFTERS-style caper flick . Instead , he pulls only inconsistent performances out of many in the cast -LRB- Cage is cosmically unrestrained -RRB- and proves himself a questionably talented heir . Just dreadful , and little more than a self-satisfied catalog of eccentricities , mannerisms and `` offbeat '' casting .
 DEADFALL is a Coppola family grifter film with more twists than a bag of pretzels . Most flamboyant of many scenery-chewers here is Nick Cage . His brother Christopher Coppola directed and co-scripted a noir parody that is widely disdained . Considering the talent involved and the $ 10 million budget , that 's quite an accomplishment ! -LRB- Another family connection
 Mr. Cage is the only redeemable part of this film -LRB- thus the second star -RRB- , and , spoiler alert , he dies while there 's still half an hour left . That half hour is the most torturous half hour of film I 've seen in a long long time , and I 've seen White Chicks . Do yourself a favor and search for Deadfall on Youtube . You can see all of Nic Cage 's stellar moments in one quick two minute video .
 I thought I was buying a dvd of a Nick cage film . Not renting it for an on line stream .
 I bought this DVD to watch `` The General '' and `` Steamboat Bill , Jr. '' , but the picture is very bad , dark , blurry . They should look for better prints to do the DVD transfer , or just do n't release it . I 've just bought the Blu-Ray versions below , hoping they 'll show sharpness and detail , along with three different options of soundtracks.http : / / www.amazon.com/General-Blu-ray-Buster-Keaton/dp/B002NTDX6O/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1328565109&sr;=8-1http://www.amazon.com/Steamboat-Bill-Blu-ray-Buster-Keaton/dp/B003H221MS/ref=sr_1_1?s=movies-tv&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1328565145&sr;=1-1
 Like so many of Keaton 's films it is more fun to wish you could watch them than it is to actually tune in.This film has one novelty only -- the ship looks expensive . Beyond thet its as worthless as Keaton 's cheap short films -LRB- of which there are two on this DVD -RRB- . The films all usually have very little intelligence in scripts -LRB- though Battling Butler was almost a smart Keaton movie -RRB- . The sets look like they cost about 50 bucks to make -LRB- on the shorts and almost every last one of his long films -- this movie only looks grand mostly because of the passenger ship -- the sub at the end looks like a $ 10 prop set -RRB- . Why did anybody think so many would want to warm up to this loser of an actor called Buster ?
 Candy stars as a soap opera writer who finds himself inside the show and able to change things as he likes.Another movie which wasted Candy 's talent , has been overshadowed by other films with similar ideas doing them better , such as Groundhog Day with Bill Murray and The Truman Show with Jim Carrey.Nevertheless , Candy 's charm carries you through , and the movie is watchable just for that .
 The characters were terrible . There was no background on any of the characters and you found yourself wanting to know more about the characters . The acting is really sub par in true bmovie fashion . What really sank this movie is the absolutly atrocious dialogue and the fact that the Russian mob are just a bunch of pushover whiners . It is not believable at all that a `` taxman '' could have accomplished this anyway . The movie is laughable in some parts and incredibly boring for the rest . I 'd skip this dreadful movie . I definately had to look at Joe Pantoliano in a much lower light from now on .
 I bought this DVD thinking that hip-hop workout is fun -LRB- based on my previous experiences in gyms -RRB- . But working out with this video has not been a very pleasant experience as I expected ... Things I like about this video :1 . The movements are very easy to follow .2 . It is a decent exercise .3 . The instructor is energetic.Things I do n't like :1 . Gloria Araya-Quinlan is not a good hip-hop dancer . Personally , I think all my previous gym instructors are better her .2 . Whereas Gloria probably has good intentions , it becomes a little annoying to hear the words `` beautiful '' `` hold it , hold it with me '' 100 times 5 minutes into the workout , literally . At the end of the half-hour workout , those words have been repeated so many times that I almost feel like my ear could not breath anymore . Gloria would not let a second go by without saying something , and most of the time it 's repetitive words that mean nothing at all .3 . The music is n't very good .4 . I do n't know why the camera has to cut around all the time -- there are quite a few times when Gloria is no where in sight when she is talking about a new move , the camera is fixed on some sexy upper body ... 5 . There could have been more upper body exercise.Maybe some of these problem could be overcomed if I could simply pick up the moves to make my own routine and work out with some good music . The DVD is not that expensive afterall , so it could be worth it .
 I bought this hoping to get a workout that was fun and a workout . Besides being boring , my heart rate never really got moving . After I was finished , I felt like it was a waste of my time , like I did n't burn any calories at all . I should have gone for a run . The dancers were not very good , and kept making mistakes . The camera kept moving around , and you 'd get shots of the dancers faces only ... not helpful when trying to learn new choreography . What a waste of money ... do n't buy this .
 I went to the store looking for a dance/cardio workout , because I get tired of the same ole routine . I read the back of this DVD and it sounded really interesting . Well , I started the DVD and I was very excited for the first 15 minutes . I was keeping the beat and really having fun . After that , it started moving really fast , without enough time for the `` dancer '' to learn the steps . I had to reverse and play the steps several times before I thought I had it.My other critique is that the cameraman did not show all the dancers . He had a tendency to just focus in on some of the girl 's faces , while Gloria was showing the steps . Before I knew it , the `` dancer '' was supposed to be completing the steps , without any instruction.Overall , the first part was fun , but I ended up disappointed with the second part .
 I was sadly disappointed with this DVD . Unfortunately , I did not get a chance to review the comments on this web site before I bought it -LRB- teaches me a lesson -RRB- . I was looking for a workout tape that made me feel I was dancing for fun , not for fitness . Instead , I got another Aerobic Dance video where the strange movements and lack of instruction caused more frustration than fun -LRB- unless you were an onlooker -RRB- . If you are looking for a true `` dance '' video , this is not it . -LRB- I am going to try the Quick Fix Hip Hop tape , as it has gotten very good reviews . -RRB- If you ARE looking for an Aerobic Dance video , I caution you against this one . The filming/editing is done so poorly , that half the time when you are supposed to be learning a new step , the camera is angled oddly on the instructor 's calves ... which would be fine were she not teaching an upper body movement . As a side note to those of you who 've seen it ... who does Debbi think she is kidding ? She has about as much funk as Kenny G. Sorry to say , this dance video just does n't make the cut .
 Based on the reviews that were available last year , I bought this DVD , but I 'm disappointed . I was expecting it to `` dancier '' than it is , and something about the production quality bothers me .
 This certainly was n't what I expected . The film was useful in stimulating ideas of places to visit but it was not a movie and not at all engrossing . This is horribly produced . There is a narrator who in a near monotone voice flatly describes what was seen and who did what . This is effectively someone 's home movie that they managed to get people to pay for . The mono audio was also terrible , perhaps sent direct to digital from the hand held microphone used to record it .
 I suppose my expectations were to get an insight into planning and executing a round the world trip.I got a home movie that was very nice as a home movie - a little dated circ 1980 ` sIt does show some interesting shots of how it was to sail this Pacific Islands , Australia and BaliAs you can image it was not what I expected and I would suggest that unless you are interested in watching someone else 's home movies your should avoid this CD
 This appeared to me to be a very dated DVD about a family that went around the world . There is very little information about the sailing , just about the places they visited . If that is what you are interested in then there will be some fun watching it , but it will be very dated information . If you want to know about their sailing experiences , successes or problems with the boat , etc. . . look else where .
 Why did I buy this ? I have long desired to go on a family barefoot cruise where my family and I would take 6 months to cover multiple destinations . Although I have done considerable reading and research on doing so , my family has not . Yet they need to also get a vision for what it would be like . I bought this , as it is one of the only DVD 's that seems to be focused upon this area.What I liked about it ? It showed some of the life on the water , but mostly showed the uniqueness of the many destinations . Since my family and I have lived overseas on a number of occasions , we really did n't need a cultural survey . I really needed more of daily life on a boat . Some of that is included , but only 30 % . Most of that is only includes experiences on the boat , with minimal instruction -LSB- one exception was the part about how they educated thier kids while on the trip -RSB- . What I did n't like
 This video was old , outdated , and darn near unwatchable . The music made you put on your eight track and get out your boogie shoes . My wife and I watched it together at first . I watched the entire movie but really wished I had not . Go to Lats and Atts . Get a more up to date movie . Sorry to rain on the parade . I rarely leave a negative comment but someone has to with this film . Run do n't buy .
 Being that my husband and I are getting ready to be full time sailors , I have been reading/watching everything I can get my hands on . This was pretty dissapointing . With a copyright date of 2006 I was expecting a fairly modern sailing video , what I got was video taken sometime in the 70 's ! And most footage was of the cultures they encountered , not of sailing , as the title suggests . To me , it was a waste of money , i was hoping it was something i could watch over and over ... NOT !! Oh , and the home produced music was most annoying .
 What was the point of this film ? In my opinion , it may get some play because of the nudity , but I 'm sure that was n't the point . The realities of class distinction , the flawed mixing of religion and politics , and grinding poverty are addressed , but weakly . I was n't able to lose myself in this film . The acting seemed stilted and I was bludgeoned with characterization.This is not the first European movie I 've viewed , nor will it be the last . But I really expected more .
 If this knockoff DVD is indeed the version with James Stewart and Doris Day , then it is a pirated version ! Do NOT buy ! Go buy the Universal Home Video version , which - you will note - 57 % of readers had the good sense to buy after viewing this product.If it is not the 1956 , then STILL do not buy ! If it is the 1934 version , then the video company used the false advertising of putting Stewart 's and Day 's photo on the cover to trick you into buying !
 The cover has Jimmy Stewart and Doris Day on it . Naturally one would expect them to be in in . WRONG ! DECEIVED !!! Do NOT buy this version !!!!
 Very poor footage , you will hardly see any natural view of this beautiful region . It 's all about U.S. tourists looking for all the facilities they 're used to , shops selling U.S. junk food ... They always show you tourists drinking , eating , sailing , riding ... Where is the `` paradise '' , the `` best kept secret '' in all that?Mexico is not that , Yucatan is not that !
 Do n't waste your money on this . Trust me , the second the DVD was finished I threw it away because I know I 'll never watch it again .
 We love Jennifer Saunders and bought this video because we thought she had something to do with a place we love , i.e. , the Yucatan . Well , she ai n't here . Search for Jennifer Saunders and you will find that -LRB- according to Amazon -RRB- she is also part of `` Girls Gone Wild '' video and something about a nude female wrestler . It might be interesting and entertaining is she were , but that 's not the case . Get it together , Amazon , and gim me my money back !
 What a disappointment from Rabbit Ears , usually the purveyors of stellar children 's entertainment ! This video was condescending , boring , bombastic , and , in some places , the illustrations did n't even match the story . My four - and six-year-olds hated it , and asked to turn it off .
 The characters were terrible . There was no background on any of the characters and you found yourself wanting to know more about the characters . The acting is really sub par in true bmovie fashion . What really sank this movie is the absolutly atrocious dialogue and the fact that the Russian mob are just a bunch of pushover whiners . It is not believable at all that a `` taxman '' could have accomplished this anyway . The movie is laughable in some parts and incredibly boring for the rest . I 'd skip this dreadful movie . I definately had to look at Joe Pantoliano in a much lower light from now on .
 If one wishes to know what the war was really like on the homefront in America , do NOT BUY this DVD collection . I expected it to be newsreel footage from the war years together with hopefully an informed linking commentary.The films included are almost all Government instructional or promotional films hoping to persuade the public to buy war bonds etc. . Laudable as their purpose might have been , when originally produced - they tell us almost nothing about the War on the Homefront.Buy a book instead - that 's what I did .
 I have learned a big lesson through the purchase of this video , some groups will show their fans respect and give them DTS with high quality video . Not the case here . This is simply a VHS version recorded to DVD . Not to brag but I could have done this in my basement and produced better quality . If you do not believe me , purchase this DVD then purchase the The Eagles - Hell Freezes Over . I guarantee you will want you money back .
 Even though the 78-84 era has few videos , there were a lot of mainstays on MTV
 Why is there no dvd out there with the Dreams video -LRB- featuring the Blue Angels -RRB- ? Come on people ! It 's one of the best videos ever done . Somebody wake up and make that video available !
 This was a DVD that came up under a search for the Blue Angels `` Dreams '' video from 1986 and was preported to contain this video . I bought this for my two year old because he loves to watch the Blue Angels jets . It was a big disapointment to see that the video was some other one .
 Yes , Dave only made three , and `` Panama '' is the best . Sammy made great contribution to VH 's success but you just do n't care about him and those video 's , although , O.K.-good video 's . Then there is the last one with Gary Cherrone . All together now - `` WHAT WAS VH THINKING ? ''
 THIS IS ... GOOD FOR FANS WHO LIKE THE POPULAR STUFF , BUT DIE HARD FANS THE ONLY VIDEOS THAT ARE EXCITING ARE HUMANS BEINGS AND THE LIVE DREAMS , NOTHING ELSE IS RARE , THAT YOU HAVENT RECORDED A 1000 'S TIMES OFF MTV . THERS A LOT MISSING INCLUDING THE BLUE ANGELS DREAMS VIDEO AND QUITE A FEW OTHERS -LRB- NOTABLY 111 -RRB- . GEEZ THEY COULD OF PUT ON SOME OLD LIVE VH STUFF , TO BE INTERESTING OR HAVE SOME INTERVIEWS.TIMES LIKE THESE I WISH I WAS A KISS OR BONJOVI FAN , THEY GET MULTIPLE VIDEOS WITH EACH ALBUMS , AND SEEM TO PUT SOME EFFORT INTO THEM . SINCE DAVE LEFT THE ENTERTAINMENT HAS DIED .
 I was disapointed ... I was looking for the `` Dreams Video '' that featured the blue angles . When I did a google search ... they said that this video series had this video .
 I really wanted the Blue Angels version of the Dreams song . This DVD does NOT have it .
 Sammy Hagar ... r u kidding?He never belonged with Van Halen.Quite the disappointment!I 'd take David Lee Roth any day !
 It missing a lot of videos , make no mistake . In the case of the early Roth videos , the clips were so primitive -LRB- I think the three clips from their first album were all filmed the same day , just like AC/DC did for their `` Back In Black '' video and Def Leppard did for their `` High N ' Dry '' clips -RRB- that it does n't really matter if you have them on DVD or not ... go find them on YouTube and watch them in all the clarity you need . But the later clips with Hagar were high-production affairs that got regular MTV airplay and should definitely be here . Like KISS , this band clearly needs to release a proper comprehensive music video collection in the DVD era.Videos not included : Runnin ' with the DevilJamie 's Cryin ` You Really Got MeLoss Of Control -LRB- Oh -RRB- Pretty WomanDreams -LRB- Blue Angels version -RRB- Feels So GoodTop of the WorldAmsterdamFire in the Hole
 Well , I 'll be honest , I was looking for an opportunity to buy the MTV video , `` DREAMS '' with THE BLUE ANGELS footage . Oh my goodness , it 's the best video ever made , this DVD however contains a live jam of the band at some venue instead . What a major dissapointment . I would have the price I did for ONLY the DREAMS - BLUE ANGELS VIDEO `` ALONE '' . But instead I get this.No this would have warranted a `` 1 '' rating , but the Right Now vid , bumps it up 1/2 point and the collection of the rest up another 1/2 point . Heck even the Humans Being vid cuts out all the Twister footage the original video contained.So I 'll stick with the rating of `` 2 '' and shake my head in utter discust at the idiot that put this package together without including THE BLUE ANGELS video footage , what is your problem anyway?I 'll now have to wait until some brilliant entrepreneur at MTV top put some 80 's video package together that will include this AMAZING video of multi-angle plane mounted camera footage .
 If I could have previewed this DVD before I purchased it . I never would have clicked on the `` Buy It Now '' button . . I am a big fan of VH , but was very disappointed . There are 14 tracks on this , the first 3 are David Roth , and the rest are Sammy Hagar . I happen to like Sammy as a solo performer , but I could only stomach a couple of these videos . . pretty much crap , in my humble opinion . . Let The Buyer Beware ...
 what ever happened to ... David Lee Roth?This band would not be if it was n't for him and no matter how many hits Sammy Haggar helped make ... it just does n't make sence to exclude Diamond Dave ! Van Halen 's one of teh few bands in History that has been able to go through two singers and still have huge success.I think I will stick to the bootleg material . At least they offer the early videos that seem to blow away the Sammy era . I think the Greatest hits could have been 50/50 but for obvious reasons it is n't . It si still great to have FINISH WHAT YOU STARTED ... I just hope part 2 does that ...
 This is a poor effort , gees all the live VH stuff they cld have put on , all the van halen 1 videos , a pathetic effort at best
 Only three videos with Dave ? I would have expected all of Dave era videos including the live stuff and -LRB- Oh -RRB- Pretty Woman . That would have left room for a Vol 2 with Hagar -LRB- who really cares about the Gary era -RRB- . I 'm surprised that the boys would have passed an obvious way to make double the cash and please all of the people . I 'll keep looking for an acceptable bootleg .
 I bought this DVD specifically so I could get a legal copy of `` Dreams '' with the Blue Angels . At the time I bought it there were no reviews posted here . The Amazon description only showed that `` Dreams '' was on the DVD . So I bought it . Then instead of that awesome video I get the `` swticheroo '' to some video I have never seen and do n't care about.The other videos are OK but that is not what I was looking for . Still ca n't get a copy of the right version of Dreams ...
 I bought this DVD because of two stellar reviews . Big mistake . I really like made for TV movies but this one is bad . The first 50 minutes of this movie could have & should have been cut down to 10 minutes . I watched this with a group of people . I was the only one who did n't leave the room before the halfway mark ! This film has an incredibly slow pace and little payoff . It starts to pick up around the 55 minute mark . But by that time everyone is ready for the movie to be over . This is not re-watchable . It is cheesy & slow to the point of being mind numbing .
 This is a movie that has nothing to do with the description of the container it comes in . It was nice to see Lindsay Wagner since the days of her `` Bionic Woman '' tv series , but this movie is an odd one .
 I bought this because of all the rave reviews and after playing the DVD it makes me wonder if I got a cheaply done bootleg DVD by mistake . All the songs were spliced together from various shows , and not her best performances by a long shot . It looked as though some of the numbers were taped using held video recorder . Sometimes the picture was out of sync with her voice . I could go on and on but to make a long story short SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 This DVD is a sham , from the get-go ; I am not sure how it was able to be produced and sold , as it comes-off as a pirated issue . The good reviews listed here , obviously are not for this Hudson Street version . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the picture on the cover is a poor copy/scan of a 1979ish picture of Cher ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- it contains song clips from HBO 's 1999 `` Live in Concert '' and Image 's 2003 `` Farewell Tour '' ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the editing is terrible , as the song clips are not arranged in the proper order -LRB- Cher does not change BACK INTO a costume -RRB- and the clips from the 2 concerts are mixed-up ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- before each clip a VERY cheap looking graphic comes-up and gives the song title - they should have just had someone hold up a sign with the song title ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- the box states it was filmed entirely in Las Vegas , but one of the concerts was filmed in Miami ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- the video quality is very poor , and blurry ... almost as if someone held a video camera at their TV and taped it . Please order the originals ... not this scam .
 I thought it was a big disappointment . My mom was even very disappointed and she loves Cher as long as I can remember . The dancers seemed way out of place . They seemed like they were doing their own show , had nothing to do with Cher . I also thought she took way to long to change her clothes , which most were horrible . Then you were stuck watching these dancers . During one changing they had clips of her movies on a big screen which I also found stupid . You go to a concert to hear her music not see clips of her movies . I could go on but I 'll just say I thought it was a terrible show . I give her credit to still go out there at her age , but I think she should hang it up now and go out gracefully . I suggest to all Cher fans to rent this video first and then decide if you really want to buy it .
 An embarrassing recording ... surely Cher did not view this prior to release ? I would recommend that you not make the big mistake I made ... this belongs in the trash bin .
 low budgeted video of concert , and it was all broken up in pieces instead of the show from begining to end . Disappointing .
 This video is a ripoff . It is nothing but clips from the two previous Cher concert videos , the Farewell Tour and the tour prior to that . It eliminates all dialogue from the star , it rearranges the order of the show -LRB- which was similar on both tours with the costumes and scenery changed -RRB- which ruins any degree of continuity or thought process the star and her director applied to the project , and is shorter than either of the other videos . Nothing but a repackage , without being identified as such anywhere on the box or during the DVD . I returned this product .
 I purchased this DVD as I missed Cher 's concert while she visited Ireland and although the quality of the DVD itself is top class in both sound and vision I was somewhat dis-appointed with the show itself . Firstly I felt like I had seen the show before as Cher blatantly steals elements of her concert from Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson therefore if you 've seen these shows you 're left you with no surprises and a sense that little thought was put into it from the woman herself . Certain songs such as from her latest album `` Believe '' are performed very well , in particular `` All or Nothing '' and `` Believe '' but parts of it left me wanting ... I think Cher has some great songs out there but only a few were selected for this tour and the rest are among her weakest . I should have listened to my friends when they told me they were disappointed with it also ! I recommend this DVD only to dedicated , die hard fans .
 It 's a pity that Cher had to turn to the other `` Divas '' to find a suitable performance for todays advanced audience . The show is without a doubt a spectacle but that 's only because she 's rehashed all the elements of past concerts from Madonna , Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson . What we 're left with is a taste of leftovers from a woman of great potential , now if only she 'd put some of that to the test and injected a large amount of her own imagination instead of relying on what came before . I was entertained but sadly disappointed with the show as Cher 's onstage presence is little over an hour , the rest is spent watching her dancers -LRB- who by the way are excellent -RRB- perform or watching old video clips of Cher from days gone by while she 's off changing costumes . 7 costume changes in a 90 minute show does seem slightly ridiculous as she 's only in some of them for one song ! Saying all that , she can sing live and is a great performer and the picture quality and sound of the DVD are excellent . . but maybe next time she 'll take a step towards originality instead of playing safe and stealing from the best . In the end credits it says show `` conceived by Cher '' ... It should read , show conceived by Madonna , Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson .
 This concert is fantastic in the sound cat . Only problem is , Cher uses the F. . . word and takes the Lord 's name in vain . If you want that type of entertainment in your home , you may enjoy the concert . I do n't know what Cher was thinking to include such vulgar expressions in an otherwise stellar concert . This DVD was not rated , so you would not know it was in the DVD without this review until you watched it . This is not something I want in my home . Cher should learn from this , vulgarity is crude , rude , and very low class . Disappointed in an otherwise classy lady .
 This concert is fantastic in the sound cat . Only problem is , Cher uses the F. . . word and takes the Lord 's name in vain . If you want that type of entertainment in your home , you may enjoy the concert . I do n't know what Cher was thinking to include such vulgar expressions in an otherwise stellar concert . This DVD was not rated , so you would not know it was in the DVD without this review until you watched it . This is not something I want in my home . Cher should learn from this , vulgarity is crude , rude , and very low class . Disappointed in an otherwise classy lady .
 This is a horribly unentertaining movie . I have seen other Nico Mastorakis ' movies , such as Zero Boys and Bloodstone which are B-movies but entertaining . I 'm not going to cut him any slack with the old cliche , this is so bad it 's good . This movie is the nightmare and the DVD is overpriced on Amazon.There are a bunch of extras
 Im writing about the VHS version because thats what I found in the 1.99 bin at my local blockbuster about 5 years ago . Boy was it worth that much . Do n't worry about plot , acting , special effects or themes like man against man and man against himself . Do yourself a favor and fastforward to the helicopter chase at the end which obviously consumed most of the budget . These two helicoptors are chasing each other over completely barren desert for about 10 minutes , not a bit of civilization in sight from horizon to horizon . One fires a rocket at the other and misses . It hits a car and explodes ! Remember the last 10 or so minutes were spent establishing this area as vast empty desert . As if that was n't bad enough when the helicoptor fires machine guns and misses it hits not one but TWO cars ! Those head scratching moments of `` What the heck ? '' bump this movie up to two stars . Do n't buy it , however if you are flipping channels at 3 in the morning and happen to see this one on TNT , flip back to it during commercials of something more interesting .
 This movie is b-rate movie no matter any way you look at it . Writing poor , acting poor , production poor . The only good thing is the music !
 This movie was supposed to be a great comedy but it was n't that funny at all . I thought the idea was really good but it was n't executed in an effective way . The only laugh came from Dan Hedaya as Nixon . He was great but nothing elsewas really noteworthy about this film which I feel is highly overrated concerning the positive critism it has gotten .
 Good Points
 Very mildly amusing political satire that would have been much funnier about 25 years ago . Standout performance by the actor playing Nixon . Hash brownie humor is pretty lame . This film is just not topical . Would have been better right after the Watergate scandal broke . If you STILL perceive Nixon as an icon of ` the establishment ' , then you might like it . Might as well make a film lambasting Ike Eisenhower - i 'm sure it would get the same amount of belly-laughs - none .
 This movie was the worst comedy ever . Was it even supposed to be a comedy because I did n't laugh . And I laugh at everything ! It was sooo boring and if you are only a pre-teen you have NO IDEA what the Watergate and DEEP THROAT has to do with anything . It 's hard to comprehend , there is absolutely no point for its making . It stars two ditzy girls who somehow wind up becoming the President 's `` Secret Youth Advisers '' and `` Professional Dog Walkers '' . Then they play a tape and hear the President is mean to his dog so they go against him and try to steal the tapes and stuff . What 's up with that ? My two friends think it is the greatest movie on earth so they worship it and make me watch it . I thought it was going to be good , because these friends have good taste . But , apparently , their judging was n't as good as I thought . There are about 500 scenes that make no sense whatsoever and even though the acting is great , it 's a dumb movie . DO N'T SEE IT ! YOU 'LL BE WASTING YOUR TIME .
 This movie explains the end of the Nixon presidency via two junior high girls . If you 're adult , you 'll probably find this to be as silly as it is improbable . If you 're a young girl , you 'll probably notice all of the neat 70 's styles , but lose most of the story line -LRB- i.e. how many 10-12 are aware of the Nixon stories , cast , etc. . . -RRB- . The music was great ; the acting was n't ; the scenes were uneventful an unexplained -LRB- i.e. all of a sudden the two main characters are in private sections of the white house -RRB- ... for renters only ...
 `` Dick '' opened at 1,500 cinemas in August and has grossed to-date $ 6m . In terms of ranking , it ranks 126 of 257 movies for 1999 -LRB- but that includes films released yesterday ! -RRB- . It 's going to be a long haul recovering its costs ! It 's difficult to understand for whom this movies is targeted , but if I were to guess , 11 to 15 year old girls is probably not far off . In which case I am the wrong person to give an objective opinion . However , Dan Hedaya does an excellent parady of Anthony Hopkins ' role as Nixon , and his scenes offer some levity to a long 2 hours .
 It is difficult to say that this was the worst movie ever made , but definetly easy to say that it was one of the worst movies I 've seen in 1999 . It is amazing to see that the producer of Armageddon sank all of her earnings into this farce . The movie is not only bad , but also annoying . The only good thing about this experience is the fact that I purchased it from another web store and only paid 16.99 vs. the 17.99 asked by amazon.com
 Me and my friends rented this movie even though we 'd never heard of it . All I have to say is it was the biggest waste of money I 've ever spent . This movie was terrible . I 'm a fan of Michelle Williams in Dawson 's Creek but she destroyed any credibility that she had by starring in this movie . The movie was supposed to be a comedy , but there was nothing funny about it . We were so bored that we did n't even finish it . We had to turn it off it was too terrible to finish . Whatever you do do n't put yourself through the torture of having to see this movie .
 Richard Nixon is my idol in life . I have been studying the age of Nixon for 4 years so I forced myself to watch this film . It 's sad that we have to make a mockery of one of the greatest Presidents in history . This President ended a terrible war in Indochina that his administration did n't start , opened U.S. relations with China , and achieved peace with the USSR in the Soviet Limitations Arms treaty during the Cold War , just to name a few accomplishments . The Watergate cover-up was an attempt to protect the American people from a mistake but unfortunately failed . Also , this film was inaccurate in its portrayal of Nixon and his wife Pat . Nixon cherished nothing in this world besides Pat , not like our current President . Why wo n't these two girls make a sequel called `` Bill '' . Since they would be older , they could become presidential secretaries that would perform `` favors '' for the Bill like his infamous intern . They could help Ken Starr with his case . Just a thought - Make fun of a president who deserves it . It 's extremely trite to make fun of Richard Nixon .
 ALTHOUGH THERE WERE SOME AND LITTLE WHITE HOUSE JOKES , THE MOVIE IS DEFINITELY ONE OF THE WORST PRODUCTIONS I HAVE EVER SEEN . NOT ONLY WAS THE CLUELESS TYPE PLOT UNAPPEALING , BUT IT ALSO WAS JUST PLAIN BORING . WHAT WERE THESE WRITERS DOING WHEN THEY MADE THIS . THEY DEFINITELY CREATED A BLUNT AND A FAILURE . NOTHING INTERESTING EVER HAPPENED . I SERIOUSLY DOUBT THAT THE GIRLS WOULD BE ALLOWED TO GO INTO THE OFFICE AND SEARCH THROUGHT THE PERSONAL THINGS WITHOUT BEING THROWN OUT . THIS PLOT WAS JUST PLAIN DRAGGING . DO N'T SEE THIS . YOU HAVE BETTER THINGS TO DO WITH YOUR TIME .
 What a waste of a great idea and great cast - all the leads give cracking performances and the concept of two ditzy teens getting muddled up with Tricky Dicky 's Watergate Scandal is a novel one.However , in order to keep the movie mainstream and dumb enough the poor players are put through a load of lame gags and uninspried set pieces - the level of the humour is way below the 12 certificate the film carries.It 's unlikely that the audience this movie is suited to would know the name of current US president , nevermind the complexities of the bungled Watergate break-in !
 some funny moments are in this movie but often many boring moments concerning presidential stuff and crap like that.the previews were kinda better than the movie but they cut out some of the bad language funny parts so this is worth a rent
 I ordered 2 things at the same time . This one came over 2 weeks later than my first .
 If you watch this on Video you are probably out of luck , or hard pressed for a laugh . The laughs what there are of them are on the outakes , included in the DVD version under the heading bloopers . I imagine the whole cast , including the dog for heavens sakes , were asked to watch Stone 's masterful movie `` Nixon '' and then told to do a paradoy ! The other version of the movie again on DVD is where Andrew Fleming -LRB- Director -RRB- & screenwriter Sheryl Longin do a commentary of their movie as it rolls - that at least is interesting ! Apparantly much of it was shot here in Toronto and I found the photography and sets excellent - but gee where did all the humor go - this is home to Yuk Yuks and you know , Ace Ventura , surely there is some inspiration to be found here ? Nixon is played by Dan Hedaya and is genuinly amusing despite the script . The girls are nice , but I doubt they will be nominated . Overall this is a dismal excuse for entertainment and an awful waste of money - production money . I can get over the cost of renting the disc !
 Maybe I would have liked it more if I was more familar with the Watergate Scandal and that time period , but this movie really annoyed me . Arlene and Betsy were too shallow and stupid to even seem remotely funny to me . They did n't really have any character at all , they just walked around making stupid remarks , and getting really enthusiastic about the president 's dog . Arlene was sort of funny though , with her `` crush '' . I 'm trying to think of nice things to say about this movie , but it had no aptmosphere for me , I mean the sets were nice , but it did n't capture the seventies mood , and it was off the wall unrealistic , to the point of being stupid .
 I 'll admit that I only got this because , at the time , I had a crush on Michelle Williams . I watched the DVD once , about 4 years ago . And since I do n't find her so attractive anymore I wo n't be watching it again because there is no other reason to waste my time.Andrew Fleming -LRB- who made a much better teen movie with ` The Craft ' -RRB- makes a big , unfunny joke of the Watergate scandal and President Nixon 's massive corruption and anyone not familiar with the specifics -LRB- which just so happens to be the movie 's target demographic -RRB- will be lost . Some older adults might get a lame chuckle at some of the flippant , throwaway humor but there is nought to recommend to anyone else.Why on earth would these girls be so infatuated with Nixon anyway other than to drive along the tiresome story . Even Will Ferrell fails to amuse and has nothing left to do but overact in order to fill up some screen time -LRB- much like everything else he does -RRB- . The DVD is in 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen with Dolby 5.1 sound . It 's nothing to write home about . Extras include a commentary , an Isolated music track -LRB- why ? -RRB- , a deleted scene , a featurette , a mildly amusing blooper reel and some trailers -LRB- one for Spice World ! of all things !!! -RRB-
 I admit I bought this only because it had David Rappaport -LRB- from Time Bandits -RRB- and Slyvester McCoy -LRB- from Doctor Who -RRB- in it . -LRB- They 're two of my fav actors . -RRB- I thought it 'd be hilarious anyway because of John Cleese and Rowan Atkinson being in it as well , but I found it rather boring , except for Sly McCoys antics as `` Mr. McCoy . Apart from Mr. McCoy the rest of the skits were n't all that funny and there were 2 or 3 songs sang by a guy on a stool with a guitar . I 'm guessing this was done for padding.I strongly suggest renting before buying .
 I am a fan of The Who -- I bought this video because Pete Townshend performs -LRB- solo acoustic -RRB- in it . However , beware ! - This video only has 2 parts with Townshend perfoming in it ! I thought that it may have had more songs performed by him , but it does n't . Pete only performs `` Pinball Wizard '' and `` Wo n't Get Fooled Again '' . More bad news
 We all know that Amnesty International is a Very Good Idea . We may even concede that staging a concert full of the world 's greatest comedians and some ex-popstars to raise funds is admirable . This does not mean that sitting through a badly-lit record of said even will be any fun . Comedy and Politics make for fruitfully acrimonious bedfellows , but Comedy and Earnestness only put each other to sleep . The fact that it 's all in a Good Cause has made the entertainers lazy , made them dredge out any old unusable idea from the back of the closet on the premiss that our good-will will do the rest . Most of the routines revolve around the recitation of lists of names or things in the unfounded belief that enunciating them in a constipated English accent somehow makes them funny . Even the one genuinely amusing sequence - in which John Cleese enters Michael Palin 's cheese shop that sells no cheese but features Greek dancers in native dress - consists of Cleese barking out all the varieties of goat 's milk he can think of . Rowan Atkinson mimes a concert pianist . Peter Cook groans inwardly . Ho hum . Most woeful are the intrusions of various musical hasbeens -LRB- Pete Townshend , Tom Robinson etc. -RRB- . Although it 's in aid of Amnesty International , there is no mention of torture or political oppression in the show , although many of the ` jokes ' end in exaggerated violence , even murder ; while an all-cast sketch mocks religious fanaticism .
 Very poor , all clips from the highly propaganda saturated `` Why We Fight Series '' . This film was just `` thrown together '' and done with poor editing .
 This DVD is a sham , from the get-go ; I am not sure how it was able to be produced and sold , as it comes-off as a pirated issue . The good reviews listed here , obviously are not for this Hudson Street version . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the picture on the cover is a poor copy/scan of a 1979ish picture of Cher ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- it contains song clips from HBO 's 1999 `` Live in Concert '' and Image 's 2003 `` Farewell Tour '' ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the editing is terrible , as the song clips are not arranged in the proper order -LRB- Cher does not change BACK INTO a costume -RRB- and the clips from the 2 concerts are mixed-up ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- before each clip a VERY cheap looking graphic comes-up and gives the song title - they should have just had someone hold up a sign with the song title ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- the box states it was filmed entirely in Las Vegas , but one of the concerts was filmed in Miami ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- the video quality is very poor , and blurry ... almost as if someone held a video camera at their TV and taped it . Please order the originals ... not this scam .
 I bought this because of all the rave reviews and after playing the DVD it makes me wonder if I got a cheaply done bootleg DVD by mistake . All the songs were spliced together from various shows , and not her best performances by a long shot . It looked as though some of the numbers were taped using held video recorder . Sometimes the picture was out of sync with her voice . I could go on and on but to make a long story short SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 This video is a ripoff . It is nothing but clips from the two previous Cher concert videos , the Farewell Tour and the tour prior to that . It eliminates all dialogue from the star , it rearranges the order of the show -LRB- which was similar on both tours with the costumes and scenery changed -RRB- which ruins any degree of continuity or thought process the star and her director applied to the project , and is shorter than either of the other videos . Nothing but a repackage , without being identified as such anywhere on the box or during the DVD . I returned this product .
 I purchased this DVD as I missed Cher 's concert while she visited Ireland and although the quality of the DVD itself is top class in both sound and vision I was somewhat dis-appointed with the show itself . Firstly I felt like I had seen the show before as Cher blatantly steals elements of her concert from Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson therefore if you 've seen these shows you 're left you with no surprises and a sense that little thought was put into it from the woman herself . Certain songs such as from her latest album `` Believe '' are performed very well , in particular `` All or Nothing '' and `` Believe '' but parts of it left me wanting ... I think Cher has some great songs out there but only a few were selected for this tour and the rest are among her weakest . I should have listened to my friends when they told me they were disappointed with it also ! I recommend this DVD only to dedicated , die hard fans .
 It 's a pity that Cher had to turn to the other `` Divas '' to find a suitable performance for todays advanced audience . The show is without a doubt a spectacle but that 's only because she 's rehashed all the elements of past concerts from Madonna , Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson . What we 're left with is a taste of leftovers from a woman of great potential , now if only she 'd put some of that to the test and injected a large amount of her own imagination instead of relying on what came before . I was entertained but sadly disappointed with the show as Cher 's onstage presence is little over an hour , the rest is spent watching her dancers -LRB- who by the way are excellent -RRB- perform or watching old video clips of Cher from days gone by while she 's off changing costumes . 7 costume changes in a 90 minute show does seem slightly ridiculous as she 's only in some of them for one song ! Saying all that , she can sing live and is a great performer and the picture quality and sound of the DVD are excellent . . but maybe next time she 'll take a step towards originality instead of playing safe and stealing from the best . In the end credits it says show `` conceived by Cher '' ... It should read , show conceived by Madonna , Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson .
 This concert is fantastic in the sound cat . Only problem is , Cher uses the F. . . word and takes the Lord 's name in vain . If you want that type of entertainment in your home , you may enjoy the concert . I do n't know what Cher was thinking to include such vulgar expressions in an otherwise stellar concert . This DVD was not rated , so you would not know it was in the DVD without this review until you watched it . This is not something I want in my home . Cher should learn from this , vulgarity is crude , rude , and very low class . Disappointed in an otherwise classy lady .
 This concert is fantastic in the sound cat . Only problem is , Cher uses the F. . . word and takes the Lord 's name in vain . If you want that type of entertainment in your home , you may enjoy the concert . I do n't know what Cher was thinking to include such vulgar expressions in an otherwise stellar concert . This DVD was not rated , so you would not know it was in the DVD without this review until you watched it . This is not something I want in my home . Cher should learn from this , vulgarity is crude , rude , and very low class . Disappointed in an otherwise classy lady .
 low budgeted video of concert , and it was all broken up in pieces instead of the show from begining to end . Disappointing .
 I thought it was a big disappointment . My mom was even very disappointed and she loves Cher as long as I can remember . The dancers seemed way out of place . They seemed like they were doing their own show , had nothing to do with Cher . I also thought she took way to long to change her clothes , which most were horrible . Then you were stuck watching these dancers . During one changing they had clips of her movies on a big screen which I also found stupid . You go to a concert to hear her music not see clips of her movies . I could go on but I 'll just say I thought it was a terrible show . I give her credit to still go out there at her age , but I think she should hang it up now and go out gracefully . I suggest to all Cher fans to rent this video first and then decide if you really want to buy it .
 An embarrassing recording ... surely Cher did not view this prior to release ? I would recommend that you not make the big mistake I made ... this belongs in the trash bin .
 You 've seen this movie before . It 's a wholesome 2 hour cliche.Not even the grisly shockers could save this film . The dialogue clunks along , so obvious and pedestrian . A young Reese Witherspoon does a nice job of playing a young girl trying out what it means to be a woman . However , her character never gets very far beyond a caricature of Precocious Tomboyish 14-year-old Little Sister . It 's not the fault of the acting . It 's the dialogue . It 's so saccharine and false it 's a parody of itself . I paraphrase : `` O Maureen , I cant wait to grow up ! and O Maureen , youre the smartest , prettiest girl in school ! ALL the boys fall all over themselves when you walk by ! `` It 's an older generation 's fantasy of their own childhood sentiments.OK , so the plot
 I am very disappointed !! I love this movie & when I received it , the disk said it was n't available in this region . I have tried it on several DVD players & still NOTHING !!!
 I love this movie and so does my daughterbut when we got our movie it had the wrong bar code.I threw the package away that it cae in so I guess that some money out the window .
 Apparantly , this is a copy of a copy , and it can not be played on a laptop , so why did the information not state this exception , yes it works on a DVD player , but this copy was bought be viewed while flying . I feel that this supplier has mis-reprensented the product , and in the future , Amazon 's suppliers are questionable .
 One reviewer said that this film `` proves '' the Bible to be `` baloney '' . It does nothing of the kind . All it proves is that Hollywood is steeped in anti-religious propaganda . The film is full of caricatures that make no sense . The so-called prayer meeting alone illustrates that the script writer has never attended an actual prayer meeting . The ridiculous charge that a Bible believer ca n't see reason or that evolutionism is equivalent to `` science '' or `` reason '' shows that there is not much intelligence in the whole structure of the film . The film itself is , of course , a propaganda reaction to the very serious evidence against evolutionism . No wonder that Hollywood 's so-called stories `` based on a real event '' ca n't really be taken seriously .
 I did a little research on this movie and turned up some unpleasant truths
 Bought this CD and found it does NOT include Closed Captioning ! How , in this day and age , can Amazon copy a DVD and sell it without this basic function?And for the price they charge for it ! I 'm sorry I bought it . The original is superior in every way .
 the tape was in poor condition that had streaks through some of the tape . That information should have been stated in the description .
 First off this is the movie ... I Know What You Did Last Summer -LSB- is like -RSB- , if that gives a clue of what to expect . The plot -LRB- not much -RRB- is about a sorority that wants to threw a party but their mother of the sorority refuses , so the girls play a prank on the old lady and she suffers a heart attack then comes back killing people with a cane , thats the story in a nutshell . This gives the viewer no surpise of the killers identity , and not only that knowing its a old granny with a cane makes the movie that much worse to watch . Your probably thinking at least there has to be some cool death scenes , well guess again merely just a granny killing with a cane , no gore , just Friday The 13th edits.This DVD also has lots of grain and suffers from poor quality and no extras -LRB- REMINDS ME OF PARAMOUNT DVD 'S -RRB- decent sound considering its mono . UNLESS YOUR A PRE-TEEN AND WANT TO KNOW WHAT MOVIE I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER -LSB- STEMS FROM -RSB- -LRB- WHICH IS N'T SAYING MUCH -RRB- , THEN SKIP THIS MOVIE AND GET THE CLASSIC REAL HORROR FLICKS1 -RRB- HALLOWEEN -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , 2 -RRB- A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET -LRB- 1AND3 -RRB- , 3 -RRB- SILENT NIGHT , DEADLY NIGHT -LRB- 1984 -RRB-
 The old Dvd from 2001/2003/2005 -LRB- whichever ! -RRB- states its Widescreen Format -LRB- 1:85.1 -RRB- with a Running Time of 93 min and Rated-R . The 2009 reissue DVD says its full frame with a Running Time of 91 mins and Unrated . -LRB- ??? -RRB- I 'm glad that this release date got pushed back until January 2010 so that maybe I 'll just cancel the new reissue order that I placed , and order an older DVD print from a private collector instead!This makes absolutely NO SENSE to me !? Can someone PLEASE shed some light on this for me if I am ` mistaken ' ?
 House on Sorority Row is a painfully vacuous horror film . It arrived at a time when slashers were popular , but the entire scenario , characters and even fatalities scream of generic . Regardless of which pieces were actually original in 1983 , this tired formula has been done to death . While most of the other thrillers of the 80s tried to create a unique villain , House on Sorority Row suffers from a completely forgettable antagonist , devoid of a favorably unique weapon , who only becomes mildly entertaining when briefly cloaked in a jester costume.Stubborn , bitter Mrs. Slater -LRB- Lois Kelso Hunt -RRB- runs her sorority house like a reform school . Her mysterious past is stranger only to her annual closing of the house every June 19th . But this year , the sorority sisters are as rebellious as their house mother is obstinate , and no one will get in the way of their plans to host a graduation party in the building . Not even Mrs. Slater . But after a vengeful prank against the callous old woman goes too far , panic sets in and the girls attempt to hastily cover up their misdeed . But someone knows what they 've done , and as sorority girls begin turning up barbarously murdered , young Katey -LRB- Kate McNeil -RRB- must uncover the terrible secret behind the house on Sorority Row.It starts with a bad flashback - the kind that does n't go anywhere , fails to snap into reality at an unsettling moment , and remains foggily disorienting for much too long . Once that 's out of the way -LRB- and 24 years later -RRB- , the film establishes the bubbly , giggling college girls who drunkenly sit in a circle , toasting themselves while in sexy nightgowns - just how we imagined sorority girls to act . When bodies start piling up and the sisters get separated -LRB- with intelligent reasons such as locating a pool light breaker in a dark , atmospheric bunker , just to prevent someone from accidentally turning on a light in a filthy swimming pool that has n't been used in ages -RRB- , all signs point to Mrs. Slater and her wickedly pointy cane . Perhaps they should have stuck to their original prank of putting glue on her toilet seat.Even in the horror of murder and killing , the party must go on . House on Sorority Row does n't even try to persuade the audience that it 's anything more complex than a series of bloody deaths , loosely tied together with a ridiculous plot . Most of the attacks are agonized , screaming faces cut to black - the more gruesome demises probably were n't convincing even during the premiere . With an unsatisfying , incomplete conclusion -LRB- thanks to a hasty re-edit -RRB- and sparse seriousness , House on Sorority Row is most entertaining as a comedy , or fodder for poking fun at poor filmmaking ideas . At least we learned that when running from a ruthless killer with no escape route in sight , falling on the floor in despair is an invaluable defense mechanism . - The Massie Twins
 This movie is about a group of sorority girls who want to have a year-end party in the dorm . However , their evil house mother wo n't let them . They pull a prank on the house mother , it goes terribly wrong , they have their party , and it goes terribly wrong.Not too much interesting going on here . We never really get to know the sorority girls very well , they 're usually in a group and the movie does come off somewhat as a study in group dynamics . When the prank goes wrong , the `` bad '' girl convinces everyone to help cover it up , while the `` good '' girl tries to convince them to do the opposite . The only likable character in the whole movie is the bad girl , she 's very sympathetic and the movie would have been much better if they would have left the good girl out altogether , as she just struck me as a real conceited b **** . Everyone else is just there to drive up the body count , we hardly even learn their names , much less care about them , before they 're dispatched in some utterly unimagineative way.The movie does n't even capitalize on what could have been a good amount of camp value . The theme music sounds like it 's from a Columbo TV movie , which does n't help in that regard , and there 's less T&A ; than one might expect from a movie with the word `` sorority '' in the title . Basically it comes off as an episode of Murder She Wrote with the addition of a serial killer . It would n't have surprised me a bit so see Angela Lansbury show up an any moment . As far as the killer , the mysterious identity is set up via large doses of forshadowing at the beginning , but we 're left wondering throughout who or what he is only to be left with our curiosity unfulfilled.Overall , it 's not terrible , but not really up to even average standards . Better than reruns on the Golf Channel , but not much else .
 be ware this dvd failed to play property in real player or windows media player something iswrong with it.I am updating this review with a 5 star plus for this vender went far beyond what most vendor do to make sure that the product was correct in every way -- not to often that you will find a vender that stand behind his product as this vendor did . -- bravo 5 stars plus -- T.E.Hyer
 Actors were pretty stiff in this movie . If you believe that uttering words is equal to acting , then this movie will not disappoint you . I could never understand how these actors could be so indifference and dead -LRB- ! -RRB- while their dialogs supposed to be passonate and lively . I was very unconvinced watching their theoretcially romantic moments . I did n't think that they really care for each other . The real stars here are the screen writer and the song writer . And that is all you will get out of it . I keep this tape just to remind me that I should always rent the movie before buying it even it has great reviews .
 I love the taco scene . My other favorite scene is the on with the thing by the waterpark or whatever that is supposed to be.I am not sure of one thing , however . Why does Sam keep playing that song ?
 Yes . I know Casablanca is a classic , but I did n't think that it was very good . The acting was subpar and the storyline dull . A lot of the lines were so ludicrous that I found myself cracking up , much to the displeasure of my friends . I personally think that it is overrated , and had it been made today it would be shot down as a stupid romance that only girls go to see and then weep over . I do n't think that it would recieve all the critical acclaim that it does . Of course , the reason it recieved such critical acclaim could be because it was one of the first of it 's kind and whatnot . I , however , found myself not giving a damn if she stayed with him or left . So there you have it . The movie did not move me at all . Pun uninentional .
 First , for anyone that does not know , widescreen format did not gain popularity until after 1950 . Since this movie was released in 1942 , there will never be a letterboxed edition . Second , I found the character Sam very shallow and subservient . I was appalled to hear Ingrid Bergman call him a boy . Third , the cinematography was closer to average than groundbreaking . Clearly , this movie was originally a play . The backdrop in the driving scene was more than obvious . The plot tended to be predictable . Orson Welles , Stanley Kubrick , Martin Scorsese , Steven Spielberg , and many others have done much , much better.Much , much better .
 How many editions of a movie do you have to buy before you get the ULTIMATE one ? This is ridiculous ! Greedy damn companies ! Where 's The African Queen and why is that not on DVD ?
 How on earth did this movie ever become such an icon ? It 's a low-budget , grade B , black-and-white movie almost all of which is set in a bar . It 's even got a fake airplane . The only thing it 's got going for it is a couple of big name actors . And they delivered routine performances . What , pray tell , is exceptional about this film ? It 's essentially a stage play and not a very good one at that .
 Since I am in an area that does not have good internet service I am unable to watch the movie I purchased . I thought it downloaded to the kindle for a period of time to watch at your convience . I will know in the future not to purchase any .
 The most enticing part of the advertising hype was scenes not used and outtakes . The latter was almost non existant and the former had no sound track .
 I bought this movie , thinking it would be a download as other movies I had bought so that I could watch it on a recent trip . Noooo . Amazon only wanted to stream the movie , which required an ongoing connection I did n't have . 5 stars for the movie 0 stars for Amazon .
 I already own a perfectly good dvd of Casablanca , but II bought this two disc set to get the Premier episode from the 1955 Casablanca TV series `` who holds tomrrow '' . The show was complete up to the about 9 mins then it jumped to the end of the episode with and a commercial for a total of 17:50 of footage . I was really getting into this show and felt cheated and used when the complete episode was not shown . If the person at Warner Brothers who issued this disc had put in copy the words clips or highlights from the Premier episode from the 1955 Casablanca TV series I would not have bought it .
 I ca n't give The 70th Anniversary Casablanca Blu-Ray set very good marks at all . My initial shipment of this item was great as long as I was watching the extra features . The trouble started when I went to watch the film ; there was no audio broadcasting , during the playback . I quickly reported the item as defective and Amazon promptly sent me a replacement . Unfortunately , the replacement had the same issue . I 'm running a Samsung BD-6500 blu-ray player with all of the most recent updates . I 'm not sure where the problem actually lies in this issue ; but as I have no problems on playback with any other blu-ray I watch , I 'm afraid there is a fault in the Warner Bros. production line . Hopefully I just hit a small , confined issue with this blu-ray as I would love to eventually own it ; but until I hear that the issue has been dealt with , I ca n't be bothered with spending money on it right now.Is anyone else having issues with the audio playback ?
 I was also peeved by the lack of details about this `` Collector 's Set '' , so I went hunting.Bottom line
 As a true classic should be , this movie is so good that you actually look forward to viewing it again and again just so you can be sure you did n't miss anything the last time you viewed it . The cast is excellent , the acting sublime , the soundtrack is inspired and the screenplay is also exquisite . Special mention should be made for actors like Peter Lorre , Sidney Greenstreet and Claude Rains who are excellent here just as they were in other film classics such as `` The Maltese Falcon '' and `` Mr. Smith Goes to Washington '' . Although this is not Bogart 's best performance -LRB- for that you 'll need to see `` The Treasure of the Sierra Madre '' -RRB- , he still puts in an excellent performance here.Unfortunately , this DVD version is very poor , especially so for the sound quality which is very poor . The volume levels are very soft and although the picture quality is much better , there is still room for improvement . With the advent of Blu-ray now , here 's hoping that Warner will make the effort to produce a much better restoration project on this film improving upon the picture quality as well as and especially upon the sound quality adding DTS with THX or at least Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround options to really give this film the truly great restoration that it deserves . Also , the Special Features are really sparse comprising really only of an interesting documentary hosted by Bogart 's wife Bacall but truly more and better extras could have been added to this film masterpiece as well.Contentwise there is no disputing that this is one of the best films of all time however this DVD version is not befitting of such a great film and my recommendation is to wait for a much better restoration job to surface which is inevitable at least in the Blu-ray format very soon .
 After hearing about this movie for decades , I finally got a chance to watch it . Guys , beware ! This is really nothing but a chick-flick . Humphrey Bogart finds love , loses love , finds love again , and then nobly gives up his love . That 's about all there is to it . If you want to watch a `` classic '' Bogart movie which is actually a good movie , check out African Queen .
 I know this is supposed to be one of the most romantic movies of all time , but I could not relate with or feel sympathy for the female character . As a result , I did n't like the movie at all .
 It starts with endless , endless commentary . You must fast-forward _ FOREVER _ to get to the actual 5 star movie
 One of the greatest movies ever made and no one wants to release it in wide-screen format . Movies like Casablanca & Citizen Kane changed how most movies , even today , are filmed . Why would anyone want to watch it stretched out to the point where details & background get lost ? I get dizzy watching the camera swing back and forth to the speaking characters . While the special features are pretty good , I did n't buy this for a documentary & WB cartoon . I bought for the film . It is time this film was given the proper respect it deserves . If it can be shown on Cable in wide-screen then I should be able to get the Special Edition DVD in wide-screen .
 I received a blank tape of Casa Blanca from Amazon.com . I did not try to view it until after the one month time limit , having no reason to suspect it would be blank . Also , I would not have known the video was blank unless I removed the cover . The system will not allow me to discuss this problem with a human being . Therefore I am very unhappy with the service from Amazon.com . Valerie Whelan
 Amazon , you did NOT send the version that I ordered of this movie . . !! I wanted the COLORISED version , you let me believe you had it available , when I specified same , and I clicked on the colorised version . Then you sent the same old Black & White !! Do you have it available or not ?? I 'm still interested in the the color one ... I can give this one away . -LSB- ... -RSB- Annie Silva
 My disc is bad ; It would not get past the 8th scene . I probably need to buy a new one -- from somewhere else .
 I may be the only one that thinks so , but Casablanca was a big dissapointment to me . I am a classic movie buff and have almost all the great ones , but this was so boring and Humphrey Bogart has no romantic appeal and no chemistry with Ingrid Bergman . I think this movie is known more for it 's one-liners than the fact that it 's a `` good movie '' . I think the movie came out at a time when it was embraced because of world circumstances , but there have been many movies after it that blow it away .
 I thought the movie was going to be a lot better than it was . They could habve done so much more with the movie other than making it a boring , totally wrong love movie .
 I would like to have rated this ` video ' zero-stars , but 1-star is as bad as it can be rated.The film may be great , we were very anxious to see this old movie but we found ourselves ` locked into ' over 45 minutes of real Hollywood hype stuff . Thank goodness for ` fast forward ' . If we had known this video was full of this , we would NEVER have wasted our money . We refuse to even look at it , it 's going into the garbage tonight -- good riddance .
 you know , i 'll get like 1-300 helpful votes on this , but i didnt like this film . i honestly didnt like it . it seemed that humphrey bogart 's character could do nothing but whine all the time about his love affair in paris and then get drunk at the bar . there were some powerful scenes , like when the opposing groups sang their respective nationalist songs and the ending was beautiful . but i just didnt like it . too melodramatic and humphrey whined too much .
 This dvd did not play at all ! It was really lousy to look forward to watching the movie we purchased , receive it in the mail , get set up for movie night and the dvd did n't work at all ! It was not a pleasant experience and will definitely effect my future purchasing ,
 I ca n't believe people rave about this movie ! I tried to watch it with my mother and stepfather . None of us were tired when it began , but we ALL three fell asleep . ZZZZZzzzzzz
 Im sorry for what im gon na say ... dont kill me.I think this is the most overrated film in history . Its just plain old boring drama.Its a movie that is planned to make u laugh , cry , suffer , so everyone has to like this film . They will find something and like it . And that guarantees its commercial success . But face it
 Described as one of the top-10 movies of all time ... I naturally had high expectations of it . However , the plot and the entire storyline are uncomplicated , very predictable , and naive . I assume it was made for mass audience , and at the time it was released , it may have been a hit . However , now it is more of a sleeping pill .
 Humphrey Bogart -LRB- Rick -RRB- is a master of the outer cold/inner warmth style . Ingrid Bergman -LRB- Ilsa -RRB- glows in her authentic softness.In the end , Rick makes the best -LRB- right -RRB- decisions for the individuals involved , and because of this , their actions are also good for society . This movie really deserves five stars .
 I may be prejudiced by the fact that I absolutely hate romance . Romantic comedy and musicals I can stand -LRB- to an extent , as I do n't like An American in Paris -RRB- . But I hate pure romance.I came into the movie thinking it was something like Notorious , romantic suspense or something of that nature . I was incredibly wrong . It was pure romance , pure romance.Basically the plot is this
 The video presentation is pretty great , I have to say . There is an unacceptable flaw that makes the only reasonable recommendation to skip purchasing this bluray
 A complete waste of money . The `` newly discovered additional footage '' amounts to under a minute . The outtakes are of little importance and are mildly entertaining as a curiosity only.Sadly , this set is a shining example of Hollywood trotting out old material -LRB- such as the Bacall documentary which has aired many times on TV -RRB- on DVD that is n't worthy of a deluxe 2-disc set . Stick to the original 1-disc DVD and use the $ 10 you saved to buy a DVD of Sharky 's Machine . Burt needs the cash .
 I purchased this set and the only problem is with the audio on the BluRay version of the movie . Everything else works on the BluRay as well as the DVD . The DVD movie plays fine however I can not get the BluRay audio to work within the movie . It will play in Spanish , Italian , Portuguese etc but not English . The BluRay player is new and yes , I did upgrade the software to the most current version . It is a new Samsung BluRay player and all other BluRay 's work fine .
 I thought this movie would be a lot better to tell you the truth . I found it to be rather boring at times . Being that its a classic movie I thought it would have a better plot ! I guess I would give this movie a 2 star , for being so boring!I would not recommend this movie for somone looking for an adventure and action movie !
 **** -LRB- see 2nd paragraph -RRB- *** Believe me , this has NOTHING to do with the actual movie . Casablanca is by far one of my favorite movies and I love it more the more I watch it . However , I just purchased it -LRB- for the second time in about a week -RRB- from FRONT ROW ENTERTAINMENT LLC , fulfilled by Amamzon . Both times I received it , there was a terrible gash on the back of the case that went all the way into the hard plastic of the case , a problem that had been `` coincidentally '' covered by extra stickers on the wrapping . The first time I got the movie , I was appalled and , while I only paid $ 7 . something for it , I was n't going to accept a hideous case . I sent it back and gave them the benefit of the doubt and ordered it again for relatively the same price ... and ultimately the same result . I just received the case about an hour ago and I can tell you that I am FURIOUS with this company . My assumption is that someone took a knife to the back of the case and cut it all to hell by accident and therefore resolved to cover up their mistake . Well I 'm not going to pay for this atrocity . I am sending it back ASAP and getting my money back . I am NEVER ordering from this company again . I 'll take my chances buying Casablanca elsewhere , even if that does mean I have to pay more money . For such an amazing movie , it deserves to be encased in a practically perfect case . I 'll reserve judgement on other companies on Amazon selling this movie . As for those who do n't care about the case of a movie , feel free to order from FRONT ROW ENTERTAINMENT LLC , just be prepared for a mangled case . I honestly hate to write a review so terrible in relation to this movie . But I paid good money expecting a pristine , undamaged case and I received a pathetically covered up gash instead . Twice . Take my advice please , do n't waste your money on this company , it may be cheap , but believe me , it looks cheaper . **** UPDATE ! *** I decided to give it one more try considering it was from a different company and it was coming by a different shipper . Same exact damage ! What fresh hell is this ? Absolutely dumbfounded . In fact , the damage is WORSE from this one ! I got this one from what I believe is PONOS and fulfilled through Amazon . I now have reason to believe that the common link is Amazon , and therefore , I believe all cases fulfilled through Amazon are damaged , if I 'm wrong I 'm wrong , but considering this is the 3rd time this has happened , I feel it is only fair to update my review and now go after Goliath itself ! DO NOT BUY THIS FROM AMAZON WHATSOEVER . I do n't care if it 's from a different selling company , amazon fulfills it . Save your money and go out to your local Walmart or Target , chances are they 'll have it in the 5 dollar bin so it 's a better buy elsewhere . Shame on you , Amazon !
 Casablanca was once described by a cineaste of note as ` the best bad film ever made ' . H L Mencken once quipped
 This film appears to have badly aged . Old sentimental and patriotic rhetoric about the `` tough guy with tender heart '' , helpless woman who `` suffers '' because she 's torn between two lovers , manichean vision of the good -LRB- Americans -RRB- , rather lost -LRB- French collaborators -RRB- , and bad -LRB- the Germans -RRB- guys . Even Titanic seemed much more convincing.And why is it that Humphrey Bogart is supposed to be such a seductive legend ? I find him dull and devoid of expression , much less empathy . I guess most of the enthusiasm for this film comes from old-age men . Those who are still admiring the patronizing male .
 Howlingly overrated World War II weeper , aimed squarely , I would guess , at the Women On The Home Front . * Casablanca * is the typical sort of `` woman 's picture '' , of the type that still exists in places like * Lifetime Channel *
 Reading the advertisement you are left to believe this would be a re-mastered version , but it was only a rerecorded copy on Blu-Ray . Not any better than could be expected from a good DVD.Missed to mark entirely for blu-ray . Great movie - but DVD would have been the correct choice
 I hate this movie . Its not even a movie , more of a waste of time . I 've wasting too much time writing this review already . THIS IS NOT A CLASSIC ! It does n't even qualify as bad or horrible ! See CITIZEN KANE a million times -LRB- no really , a million -RRB- before you see this one . If I could just leave all the stars blank , then maybe I could begin to do it justice .
 I 'm holding out for a 16:9 colorized version with Dolby Digital EX 9.1 ! I mean when I watch Casablanca and I here the gun shot at the end , I want to HERE GUN SHOT AT THE END !!! Also Ingrid Bergman is no Maryland Monroe .
 The Greatest American Film is destroyed by a choice of a critic who is chosen to do the commentary in this DVD set . How can they let Roger Ebert , which is considered the most stupid American critic nowadays , be a part of this masterpiece ?
 A classic ? I do n't think that I have ever seen such an artificial and boring love story in my entire life.I did n't cry . I moaned and groaned , and waited to get these two people that I did n't care about off my T.V. screen . I just did not like any of the characters . The actors were like lifeless cardboard cut-outs , reading their lines.It 's an old classic to some , but definitely not for everybody .
 Be very careful when ordering from bbv movies . They have some negative comments throughout the internet regarding monthly billing of charges for some type of program you may not know you have agreed to sign-up with when you order a video from them .
 As a Casablanca fan , I wanted the best DVD version possible . I consequently ordered the Blu-ray version expecting a substantially improved version as compared to earlier releases . Unfortunately , this was not the case . The Blu-ray version is not noticeably better than the earlier versions . For someone who has an earlier version , I seriously question whether it is worth spending the money on the Blu-ray version . For someone who does not have an earlier version , it is a judgment call as to whether is worth getting the additional materials .
 popular big screen love story . There is little chemistry between Bogart and Bergman characters . The Germans just appeared to be too stupid in the movie . If Bergman 's so called on screen freedom fighter husband is so important , why do n't the Germans just finish him off when they had the chance rather than just trying to keep him from getting to Lisbon , duh ... Ingrid Bergman is mesmerizing though , she deserves 5 stars .
 The boxed set is georgous and in line with other boxed set like Gone with The Wind , Wizard of Oz or Sound Of Music.The problem I had is again , the way amazon shipped the set , in a cardboard box exactly the size of the boxed set , causing no protection at all to shipping.The set arrived crushed on every corner and torn.Thanks amazon : - -LRB-
 i watched this movie for an hour and i just couldnt get into it . It just wasnt my kind of movie ... it is very slow to start the story line
 This is a fantastic movie , but Amazon.com unusually does not list anything to distinguish this Limited Edition Collector 's Set from a regular edition . I would like to assume that Special Features are included , given the edition title , but have no way of knowing . If this is an oversight I would be grateful if Amazon.com would remedy this .
 popular big screen love story . There is little chemistry between Bogart and Bergman characters . The Germans just appeared to be too stupid in the movie . If Bergman 's so called on screen freedom fighter husband is so important , why do n't the Germans just finish him off when they had the chance rather than just trying to keep him from getting to Lisbon , duh ... Ingrid Bergman is mesmerizing though , she deserves 5 stars .
 Casablanca is a classic but NOT because the story is so wonderful . Actually the script could be properly described as sentimental fluff . But what a cast -- absolutely a director 's dream -- Humphrey Bogart , Ingrid Bergman , Peter Lorre , Conrad Viedt , Claude Rains , Sydney Greenstreet , Paul Henreid and others ... Fortunately these talented people were able to transcend the silly script and made this movie a crowd-pleaser and a classic that 's worth watching .
 Casablanca itself needs no review or further praise ... but this particular tape has at least 1/2 hour of stuff and nonsense at the beginning ... my index finger is still aching from holding down the fast forward button to bypass all the BS . Please , please , PLEASE , a _ clean _ Casablanca .
 same old story . immorality . fornication between rick and the chick . and what happened after this ? bergomeister went and committed adultery and her children suffered for it . do n't think satan has only been around since the beatles . he 's been plying his trade for millennia . who paid to see it ? rotten americans . they gratified their lust , and the movie made money . and the tale kept spinnin ' . satan 's got a real racket . bergomeister and bogey fell for his tricks and are you know where now . they were satan 's pawns , just like america is . love of money , by mr. warnermeister , is the root of all evil . corrupt movie used by seducing spirits -LRB- demons -RRB- to lead the world to hell .
 DVD arrived in undamaged packing . Watched while playing on fairly new Blue Ray player . Never went for more than 3 minutes without interruption of movie by audio and/or video dropouts . So annoying that I could n't appreciate any improvement in picture . Only good to throw away .
 25 years ago the colorized verion was shown on Turner cable.Since that time it has been buried with no public out cry for it to be available on DVD or Blu ray.Its like the mindset went back to the black and white Kansas version after being in the colorized land of OZ.I can see paying $ 125.00 for the dual set of Black and white and color , but the basic black & white is only worth $ 9.99 . So bottom line ; the missing trump card to make this a royal hand is the colorized version .
 I saw this old classic in my film class several years ago and since I am hearing impaired , I simply never had the chance to learn its story that seemed to hold the audience spellbound for several generations . So here I just sat and stared as the dull b & w scenes rolled slowly right by and nothing much seemed to happen . But at least I recognized the famous scene at the very ending where Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman turned to look at each other by the plane - but that 's all . Sorry , but it was a very very bland experience for me as the deaf viewer .
 This is one of the only movies that I will turn off before it 's finished . Although I did have to watch the rest of it so I can say I watched Casablanca.This movie is horrible ! It is so boring and unoriginal that I ca n't stand it . The only good thing about it is the cast . Bogie is the man of course and Ingrid Bergman makes the screen shine with her beauty and talent . But that 's it.How is it boring ? Because all they do is talk . The only moment I felt enthralled is where Rick flashbacked to Paris and the end . That 's it . The rest is a bunch of talking and ordering the African-American around . Now I know it 's old but it 's not based on the Civil War . It 's during World War II . A lot of people , including blacks , got killed so the studios could make this awfulness.How is it unoriginal ? It 's about a love triangle . You take away the locale and the nazis and that 's all it is . Besides , there 's absolutely no chemistry between Bogart and Bergman . They looked more uncomfortable than in love . A lot of professional reviewers praise it because they base it around World War II . Of course they did , the movie was made in 1943 . According to the AFI this movie is # 2 in the best movies of all time . It 's right above The Godfather . Say it is n't so say it is n't so.Final words
 Okay , first off , I love Bogey , He is one of my favorite actors . And I was n't born until 1987 so yeah I have awesome taste in film . I even watch ones with subtitles . In fact I do n't bother watching movies unless they are in Black and White or have subtitles.So my reason for giving it two stars ? Obviously there is nothing wrong with the actual movie . But this says it is a two disc Special edition . If it is so special , then why did n't mine come with a cool gray fedora or a flask of bourbon ? How am I suppose to watch this wonderful `` Special '' edition without bourbon ? It 's typical hollywood fat cats creating all kinds of `` special '' `` alternative '' `` directors ' '' `` extended '' editions just so they can sell more copies of the movie . I mean seriously what the heck is wrong with them ? Do they not realize that many people rebel against that by downloading through bit-torrents ? Next time a production company tries and makes a `` Special '' edition of a movie with bogey and they do n't include a flask or colt revolver , they are simply wasting their and especially the fans ' time .
 OK . . I do n't understand why people praise this as the best movie of all time ? I just do n't find anything special in this movie . The film starts real sloooooooow and I almost fell asleep waiting for Bogart 's character to appear and I waited half an hour for Ingrid 's character to appear . A real dissapoinment !
 This and the thin red line have a tie . Boring
 I 'm not a kid by the way nor a teenager . I 'm only using this kid 's review feature since I 'm not a customer . I watched Casablanca recently and my gosh I was disappointed . I really do n't understand the fascination people have with this movie . It 's a film about unrequited love which frankly does n't appeal to me . I do n't care about great dialogue or `` whimsical '' , `` beautiful '' acting and drama . This is a film from the 1940s and the acting is stagy and the film has no entertainment value . A film where a bunch of people talk for 3 hours is not the greatest ever made .
 I rented this waiting to be blown away . I 'm still waiting . I expected a lot more action . I 'm pretty sure I will enjoy it a lot more when Warner Bros finally gets around to releasing the colorized version , the way this movie needs to be seen - the world is not black and white , why should our movies be ?
 How can a movie starring Donald Sutherland and Ben Kingsley be bad ? I wish this was a rhetorical question . Portions of this movie have a professional feel , and some of the acting , typically the minor roles , is good . However , the preposterous plot , the clich&eacute;d script , the bad B movie caricatures that pass for characters , and the painfully unbelievable performances of those two actors , especially Sutherland , make for a dismal viewing experience . As another reviewer has noted , the movie reeks of low budget . Nowhere is this more evident than the training sequences which employ what look like white-clad storm troopers straight out of Star Wars.If you 're from Montreal , you 'll enjoy seeing it stand in for both Vienna and itself . Look out for Notre-Dame Cathedral , the University of Montreal and , I think , the castle-like building on the reservoir at the top of Peel .
 This is a predictable spy-espionage movie . I bought this movie and was fairly disappointed because I 'm a Ben Kingsley fan . Acting is mediocre and you can tell that this is budget-constrained movie .
 There is nothing spectacular about this film . Adian Quinn and Ben Kingsley have acted decently , but overall , the film fails to deliver . Aidan Quinn 's training scenes , which take up most of the movie , are pretty lame . Ben Kingsley dies unnecessarily and Donald Sutherland 's acting is awful , at best . The plot could have been utilised more fruitfully and in the end , one is filled with huge disappointment for having wasted it .
 My brother brought me the original live action Chinese Ghost Story movies -LRB- 1,2 , and 3 -RRB- from Japan and I loved all three . They have become some of my favorite movies of all time . I was expecting the same level of story and animation to match the imaginative visuals in the live action version but I was sadly disappointed . The story was acceptable , but very pale in comparison to the live action movies . Not really anything to write home about . There did not seem to be much , if any , of the tension or humor from the live action films . Unfortunately , the quality of animation was definately below that of most feature lenght animated films . It is pretty much on a par with what I see on saturday morning cartoons here in America . I was most disapointed with their attempt to mix 2D and 3D animation , the style of the ghosts in this film reminded me of old Scooby Doo cartoons from when I was a kid only a lot sillier looking . use this movie as a benchmark of what not to do when making an animated film.If you are looking for an animated kids movie , I would recommend some of the old Miazaki films like `` Castle in the Sky
 Story and picture quality aside , it is very annoying that the film seems to have been transferred off center . From the opening titles to the dialog boxes , anywhere from one to three letters of the printing are missing on the left side of the screen . I guess you get what you pay for .
 These DVDs are `` Laserlight '' releases which mean that they have very poor quality picture and sound.Wait for the new Hitchcock Box sets which have clear picture and sound plus documentaries and other extras.The superb Criterion versions are also a good choice.If it 's introduced by Tony Curtis , then it 's Laserlight , avoid it !
 This film , like most of his early work , is for Hitchcock aficionados only . I am an admirer of Hitchcock and also enjoy old British films , but I still found this movie tough going , not least because of the 110 mins running time . The picture quality of this Laserlight DVD is not perfect , but it is perfectly watchable and probably a lot better than you 'd expect for the price . The musical score is also okay , but nothing to write home about . Laserlight do however pose a mystery that Hitch himself would have been proud of . This DVD has no commentary , no documentary and no trailer , not even one of those awful Tony Curtis intros . So why do Laserlight describe this DVD as a ` Special Edition ' ?
 The item shipped was not what I ordered . The supplier substituted a Family Dollar DVD for the item ordered . The price of the digitally restored DVD was $ 10.99 , but the item shipped was prepriced $ 1 . If I wanted a cheap DVD , I would have gone to the dollar store myself .
 Tedious Sherlock Holmes entry that ca n't be salvaged even with the casting of the best theatrical Holmes and Watson ; Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce . The speeding train makes for a limited cinematic experience , and Bruce 's Watson comes off more imbesole than sidekick . The bigger mystery is where the title comes from ; although the train travels at night , ` terror ' is not the word that comes to mind .
 Looking for a review of the Legend Sherlock Holmes here ? Well you might be able to find one here but only after searching for the Legend needle among the haystack of reviews of other DVD releases of the many companies issuing transfers of the Rathbone-Sherlock Holmes series . A big thumbs down to Amazon.com for this idiotic postmodernist posting of reviews policy . Bah humbug .
 If you love the Basil Rathbone/Nigel Bruce `` Sherlock Holmes '' movies like I do , then DO NOT BUY THIS DISC ! The film print quality is very poor and the sound is very muddy . The DVD box falsely states a running time of 60 minutes -- but the running time of film they put on the dvd only runs 53 minutes ! Do the math . The 7 minutes they cut out are key scenes !! ... and the Index of scene selections does n't even work . Holmes and Watson deserve better ...
 No matter the title , `` The New Kids '' for the U.S.A. , or `` Striking Back '' for the U.K. and the rest of the world , this is an outstanding very rare and uncutSean S. Cunningham movie on DVD.Letterboxed quality for a 24 years old movie is okaybut where is the bonus material ... ?
 This is a very LOW quality DVD , but DVD 's should n't be rated solely on the quality of the features and appearance . There is a closed caption for the entire movie , which upsets me . I do n't like having to see the wording of the movie being written as it is said.Now to the movie . It 's very good except for a few insanely pointless scenes . It is funny on several occasions and vulgar on all occasions .
 Well , despite the assembled cast in this film , this is n't one of Bruce Willis 's best action flicks.Its a pretty cheesey/hammy action film made when Hollywood scripts were still heavily employing wise cracks and one liners , and this film is full of them , and a whole lot of something else.Damen Waynes as the `` tag along '' I 'm goona help kick some A@!? character is fairly annoying as is the basic plot in this film , `` the corruption of professional football '' . It comes complete with a really cheesy bar room jingle that just outright sucks , the singer even had the brass cojonies to have a mullet.This film is full of action , allot of unrealistic action , but its not the first , nor will it be the last.The foul mouthed 12 year old was a totally unnecessary character as were the retarded subplots trying too creep in and maintain the viewers interest which it vaugley does.Yes , Bruce has some funny one liners and I got a chuckle out of a few of them and I even liked some of the cartoony action , but the Last Boy Scout is a dud hands down and I 'm sure that Bruce Willis today would much rather forget he was in this film.I suppose it was sort of a launching platform for Damen Waynes and even the Oscar winning Haley Barry in her hay day has a 10 minute onscreen presence before being cut to ribbons durring one of the major action sequences in the begining of the film.Bruce is a great/likeable actor , but sometimes too much of Bruce is too much , especially when he 's out saving the world all the time from the likes of homosexual phsychos like in this film which was pretty freak ` in lame.The Last Boy Scout is semi-watchable , but really nothing to get your panties in a twist over.Willis can be seen in other , better made action films if you know where to look ... just take your pick .
 The Last Boy Scout is the kind of movie indie fans point to when they bemoan the lack of quality in Hollywood films . It 's a gratuitously violent , utterly offensive and sexist pile of trash that shows why Tony Scott should not be allowed to direct another film for the rest of his life -LRB- when Top Gun is the finest film you 've ever done , it says volumes about your talent or lack thereof -RRB- . Bruce Willis does his usual tough guy routine , Damon Wayans shows his usual bad taste in picking projects and the whole sordid mess reeks of idiocy from top to bottom . If you like foul mouthed kids , women portrayed as either philanderers or crackheads , lots of car crashes , lots of things blowing up and bodies flying around and tons and tons of gratuitous foul language with no intelligent dialogue to go along with it , then The Last Boy Scout is for you . If , however , you have even a little bit of taste , stay as far away from this clinker as you can .
 I can not believe anyone can watch this movie without laughing at the utter stupidity being displayed on screen . From the disgusting advertisements of Marlboros to a script that is beyond description , this movie had no redeeming qualities ... except for Ms. Berry who is killed during the first 30 minutes . Awful , disgusting , and stupid movie !
 We bought this to replace an old VHS version . The quality of this DVD was horrible ... not any better than the old VHS . We 've replaced numerous VHS movies with DVD 's and on the other 's the quality was great but on this one apparently the producer of this one decided to not bother to enchance the video ... truly disappointed and not worth the money .
 Shane Black -LRB- and Joel Silver too -RRB- can really dish up the overdone cheese , never more so than this oddly well-remembered big-budget piece of trash . Some here call it overly violent , misogynistic , etc etc. . And that it may be , though I 've seen many worse in both those categories . But rarely have I seen a film that tries so hard to be hip and aloof while also being so ham-handed and just plain bad.Willis is the only vaguely decent thing here . Wayans is a laughable actor , and their characters are way overdrawn and given so much pointless backstory ... for what ? This tries to be Chandler and fails so miserably as to be a joke . Good noir is tight and sinewy ; this is 80s-looking glitz that goes too far in every direction , with endless insipid dialogue that tries to be Hammett/Chandler witty but instead just drivels on like an especially bad Miami Vice episode.Which this kind of looks like , actually . Tony Scott made it all slick , but it also looks fake and posed , and the violence is so b-movie badly done that I do n't see how it could offend . This makes Die Hard look like Citizen Kane . And the plot is n't even interesting , a lame pastiche of sports gambling , blackmail , and corrupt politicians that 's both thoroughly ridiculous and monotonously predictable , veering into sheer idiocy by the end.All in all this is one of the most over-rated , over-written , over-produced pieces of trying-too-hardness that I 've ever seen . They paid 1.75 mil for this script ?! Chandler would gag .
 Bruce Willis . What a career . I love this man , and he has showed immense range over the course of his career . He 's one of the finest actors we have ever had , and also one of the most under-appreciated . It is for action junk like ` The Last Boy Scout ' that he is oft remembered and thus oft disregarded.This is a blandly constructed gimmicky little film that thinks it 's being clever by regurgitating elements used quite often in the 90 's and upping the ante by exploiting violence in a way that feels shameless and crude . Bruce Willis plays , yet again , a PI and he is teamed with Damon Wayans -LRB- spare me -RRB- who plays an ex-quarterback . Together they help solve a murder . The action scenes are nicely done thanks to Tony Scott and his knack for glossy action construction , but the story is borderline bland with its lack of core excitement -LRB- everything is obviously manufactured and thus easily forgettable -RRB- and the central theme that corrodes the film 's every frame is beyond off-putting , not to mention the amount of corn this film contains.Willis does n't offer anything new and Wayans is just plain awful . I know he 's supposed to be comic relief , but relief would be having him offed in the film 's first few frames . Oh , and LOL at Halle Berry 's involvement here . Seriously .
 Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce receive a desultory sendoff in their final Sherlock Holmes entry for Universal . Despite the efforts of director Roy William Neill and a good supporting cast , `` Dressed to Kill '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- feels like a `` B movie '' throwaway with its flat scripting and recycled Frank Skinner music from `` Son of Frankenstein . '' A dull end to a memorable series .
 I bought this thinking it was the 1941 b-movie by the same name starring Mary Beth Hughes and Lloyd Nolan -LRB- it was labeled as such -RRB- . I was disappointed , to say the least . This movie 's just kind of boring and I did n't get my Mary Beth Hughes eye candy fix . I know this is n't helpful , but some sellers on Amazon Marketplace seem to be getting these two movies mixed up , so be sure to ask the seller which version of Dressed to Kill they 're selling before you buy !
 This unbelievably boring , uninventive thriller that borrows too much from Hitchcock 's Psycho -LRB- shower murders , double identity of the killer , death of the main heroine , etc. -RRB- is quite possibly Brian De Palma 's worst movie that I have seen so far .
 Curly fans will see very little of their hero 's usual personality . Two of these shorts date from 1946 , when Curly Howard was at the end of his career . -LRB- Very ill at the time , he struggled through these films and it shows . -RRB- RHYTHM AND WEEP is the better of the two , with the Stooges auditioning their song-and-dance act for a producer . THE THREE TROUBLEDOERS is a Western spoof that Curly just was n't up to making . BACK FROM THE FRONT is a wartime comedy with the Stooges doing their best to sabotage the German war effort . Completists will want these episodes , but they are n't prime Stooge material .
 RHYTHM AND WEEP -LRB- 1946 -RRB- - One of the worst Curly shorts . The whole short is basically a rip-off of the earlier Stooge shrost GENTS WITHOUT CENTS -LRB- 1944 -RRB- . Both have the boys as actors , they run into 3 female dancers and they instantly fall in love with each other . They are all hired to do a play - the boys a comedy play , and the girls a dance number . I never thought much of GENTS to begin with because of the over-long musicals , but at least that has the classic `` Niagra Falls '' routine . RHYTHM does n't really have much highlights.BACK FROM THE FRONT -LRB- 1943 -RRB- - A good WWII film . Bud Jamison as the German officer is hilarious , and there are some good performances from the Stooges as well . Great to see Moe 's Hitler impression again.THE THREE TROUBLEDOERS -LRB- 1946 -RRB- - Pretty boring western . My favorite parts were the scenes showing the Stooges riding on the triple-bike in fast-motion is hilarious , as well as Dick Curtis ' double-take when seeing the sun fall , then quickly rising back up again . I did n't like the ending , though.Pretty bad tape .
 i have this same movie on three other collections and it 's so good that i forgot about it , and bought this one ! really thats what happened , so remember i may be slow . two of my three look better than this one , and they have more movies on them . really check out some of the collections out there and you 'll find better prints of this movie .
 This cheapie Monogram flick produced by Sam -LRB- `` Never lost a buck because he never spent a buck '' -RRB- Katzman looks like it was written by script writers bombed out of their minds on cheap whiskey . This is not Lugosi 's worst film -LRB- Ed Wood was yet to come along -RRB- but it probably comes close . Make sure you 're a little intoxicated while watching this , it may heighten your enjoyment . Or you can go on a tremendous ego trip , snickering and sneering at every turn of the plot . 11/2 stars .
 The only thing that saves this effort from a one-star rating is its enjoyable silliness , which is pretty extreme even for poverty row Forties horror flicks . This time , Bela Lugosi is `` Dr. Brewster '' -LRB- yet another Anglo-Saxon name for the exotic Hungarian ! -RRB- , whose unholy experiments with apes have given him a face-encircling beard , a slouching gait , and a tendency to sleep in a cage with his pet gorilla . He needs fresh spinal fluid -LRB- human only , please -RRB- to restore him to normal , so many complications ensue . His only ally is his sympathetic sister -LRB- Minerva Urecal -RRB- , who addresses him as `` you poor boy ! '' -LRB- Lugosi was about 60 at the time . -RRB- The film was aparently not even intended to be taken seriously , which is its one small saving grace . Even Lugosi is not as charismatic as usual .
 That 's the warning Dr. James Brewster 's medical colleague gives Brewster 's sister - - a ghost-hunting psychic - - before she sees Brewster changed into the Ape Man . It 's also a warning for us . This is not one of Lugosi 's better films . It 's barely a step up from what he did with Ed Wood . But in one scene Lugosi evokes more pity than anything in Dracula.Brewster -LRB- the filmmakers should have changed the character 's name when they got Lugosi to play the part -RRB- injects himself with serum from living victims ' spinal columns . -LRB- I saw the movie two days ago and I 've already forgotten why he needs it . -RRB- We watch Bela Lugosi , by this time fighting drug addiction in real life , shoot up . Then , even through bad monkey makeup , we see the shame and horror on his face as he realizes what he has become . `` I ca n't fight it , '' he says.There 's one other interesting thing in the movie . Low-budget pictures made during World War II dealt more explicitly with the fact of men going off to fight than ostensibly better movies with bigger stars . In Holiday Inn -LRB- 1942 -RRB- everyone wears dinner clothes and dances and drinks champagne on the Broadway Homefront , while in The Ape Man -LRB- 1943 -RRB- the clich&eacute; girl photog razzes the clich&eacute; cynical reporter about being 4-F -LRB- in one month he 'll be Seaman Cyncial Reporter and kick Tojo 's butt -RRB- . The last scene makes it clear the producers had no respect for themselves or their audience . Most of the movie is unspeakably bad . But if you get a chance , watch the first half hour to see one truthful moment with Bela Lugosi .
 Bela Lugosi makes the most of this Monogram Pictures mediocrity , directed by the immortal William `` One Shot '' Beaudine . `` The Ape Man '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- remains a silly attempt at tragic horror , but Lugosi shines in the shabbiest of surroundings . There are worse ways to spend 64 minutes . Interestingly enough , Bela 's apelike makeup is similar to the Sayer of the Law in `` Island of Lost Souls '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- .
 I 'm a sucker for cheap Poverty Row horror movies from the late 30s/early 40 's , and this is a gem of the genre . These movies exist in a weird internal logic all their own , where it makes perfect sense for scientists to turn themselves into an ape , find out they really do n't like being an ape , and then go on a reverse-serum-searching snipe hunt/murder spree , with another ape in tow . You can really see the influence these movies had on Ed Wood.All the other fixtures of the format are here
 Quick word association . What spings to mind when you hear `` The Ape Man '' ? Didja think Bigfoot ? The neanderthal from the Geico commercials ? How about the fallen stars of Bela Lugosi and Wallace Ford on full display , preserved for posterity ? Because that is exactly what the appeal of this film boils down to . See the great Count reduced to knuckledragging around in furry makeup . Squirm uncomfortably as he digs the needle into his vein . Bela has such an irrepressible * presence * that even his lesser works are worth at least a look . And a depressed sigh . The print used seems to have been run over by a cement truck . And possibly drug behind it . The sound is so lousy that about half the dialogue is unintelligable . Perhaps , dear readers , that 's for the best ... just mute the television and imagine your own story to go along with the images . Chances are , you 'll do a better job .
 Here we have the local mad-scientist and gland expert -LRB- Bela Lugosi -RRB- working in his basement lab on his latest project . It seems while doing the usual mad-scientist thing of tampering in God 's domain , he injected himself with some vaguely defined ape fluid . The ape stuff had some very unfortunate side-effects . Bela now goes around all hunched over , and wearing whiskers and a wig -LRB- both very phony -RRB- . He swings his arms as he walks and mingles words with occasional grunts . Tragically , the only way he can stand upright as a man is to take injections of human spinal fluid . The only way to get human spinal fluid is to render humans inanimate -LRB- i.e. , dead -RRB- . The beneficial effect of the injections has become distressingly temporary ; it does n't last long enough for Bela to get rid of the whiskers and wig . Bela has taken to sleeping in the same cramped cage as Mr. Gorilla , his lab animal companion . The sexual overtones of this we wo n't even discuss.This low-budget thriller is a good example of bad acting and unintended laughs . Bela Lugosi made some truly classic horror films , but this clunker is n't one of them . Lugosi and his gorilla pal lurking in doorways and alleys remind one of a simian version of Abbott and Costello . Bela is tall and slender while Mr. Gorilla is short and chubby . The snappy dialogue of the newspaper people is meant to be witty , but gets tiresome instead . The WWII jokes hopelessly date the film . The mysterious skinny guy wearing the goofy hat is a silly plot-twist gimmick that emphasizes the poor quality of the story . It 's possible that dedicated Bela Lugosi fans or die-hard fans of old horror movies will find value in this movie . The recommended way for anyone else to view this movie is to use it as a `` so dumb it 's funny '' party tape . Just be sure there has been sufficient imbibing of your favorite beverage to dull the senses .
 The Criterion Company is re-releasing this title with more extras , a better transfer , and better subtitles in September 06 . If you can hold off on buying this edition , do so because for an extra 5 dollars you are getting a whole lot more .
 Like many of Akira Kurosawas films this is a template for basic storytelling that has been referenced , borrowed or used over and over again . Truely a masterpiece .
 When I pay almost 30 . for a DVD I expect alot , especially from a criterion edition . Seven Samurai does not reflect truly what a DVD is all about ... which is high quality video , great sound and unique whistles and bells that are added value . True , an older movie can be discribed as a profound auteur venture for it 's time , but for the quality of sound , picture and aspect ratio ... I in retrospect would have been just as happy with a video and would have not worried about the video commentaries . My advice ... go rent the video before deciding to purchase this one . If you 're dying to see it again and again after that , -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- pick up the DVD . Sorry , in my book ... if I 'm not going to watch it more than 3x why pay the convenience for a classic when it has the screen resolution of a Disney flip-book ?
 While Seven Samurai contains great acting and brave direction -LRB- not many directors would use such long pauses in dialogue and action in a movie , a style used hear to powerful affect -RRB- I found over three hours difficult to get through . The plot is a simple one , and could have been told as completely in a much shorter length film . If like me , you are a lover of film watching , rather than a lover of film making , do n't expect too much from Seven Samurai .
 I heard a lot of great things about this Japanese movie made back in the early 1950 's , and it 's often cited as a source of inspiration for modern legends , like Scorcese , Lucas , Spielberg and so on . On imdb it somehow managed to get rated as the 5th best movie of all time . All I can say is what a bunch of bogus , over-hyped , pretentious nonsense . I rented it several months ago , and I can safely say that I 've seen few films as incredibly long , boring , and just plain uninteresting to the point where I really did n't care what happened to anyone in the film.The direction by Kurosawa is supposed to be legendary , like that of Orson Wells in ` Citizen Kane ' , and rather `` groundbreaking '' , but it just is n't true . In fact I 'd say that the directing was rather subpar throughout the film , especially with the battle sequences that were totally chaotic and one could n't make heads from tales in regards to what was going on . The few battle scenes that were easy to observe were quite unimpressive and the samurai as well as the bandits seemed amateurish at best . The humor is obviously a cultural thing , because I really did n't find almost any of it funny at all . Apparently people acting all crazy , jumping around and doing dumb things is hilarious in Japan . They certainly did n't act how I would imagine that a samurai would act.The acting was not engaging nor was it very believable , but rather to the contrary . Most of the actors and actresses over-acted to the point where it was just ludicrous , like a broadway play which is purely for show.After I saw the movie I read several of the reviews and comments on the message boards at the Internet Movie Database about this film , and most of the positive reviews there were just pretentious , fake and `` artistic '' reviews , simply because they 're reading into all these things that really are n't evident at all , unless they heard it from some hoity toity film critic . A truly great film should stand on its own merits and not because of what a director attempted to portray or because of some cryptic significance that one could only know by either interviewing the director , screen writer or any other professional who was involved with the making of this film.I honestly think that most of the people that really enjoy this film , and I truly mean worship the ground that it walks on , are just people jumping on the bandwagon to be considered true film connoisseurs . This film is so highly touted as being the best thing since sliced bread that people automatically assume it is great simply because it 's been said so by so many professional film critics.The only main reason I can see why this film is as important to the film industry as it is claimed to be is that Japan needed something to believe in after they lost the war in WW2 . Post WW2 Japan went through a lot of turmoil such as the aftermath of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , losing face as they surrendered to the allies , and they needed some kind of solace to help bring them out of their cultural depression , which they found in the film ` Seven Samurai ' . It was a very humanistic approach to `` the people '' , and the heroes symbolized the saviors of the Japanese people , so it 's understandable that people clung to that concept , and that profoundly moved the people as a whole . Never underestimate the power of morale that a medium such as film can have on the masses , especially during traumatic and difficult times.From a purely objective and critical point of view , the film lacks character development , plausability , good acting , virtually no continuity as scenes and characters were all over the map , not to mention that the villains were so pathetic that they were n't scary , intimidating or anything other than laughable due to their incompetency . The supposed legendary samurai were n't much better , and they were the backbone of the film . Without good protagonists and antagonists , there is n't really much to relate to or engage with , so one ends not caring at all how the story goes . It drags on for about 3 and 1/2 hours , while it could have been cut down to 11/2 hour and still been too long . Lots of pointless , irrelevant down time that just dragged without adding anything remotely worthwhile to the plot . There was some kind of a romance between a young samurai and a local village woman , but it was rushed , lacked chemistry and was n't fleshed out enough to be considered any kind of great romance . The cinematography was rather average and as mentioned pretty bad during the battle scenes . I suppose given the limitations of Japan 's film technology at the time , it is to be commended for what it managed to accomplish with what little they have , but that still does n't equal some great masterpiece as so many people falsely claim it to be.Another thing it claimed to bring to cinema is the concept of a gang of heroes , and while that may be true , so what ? The story did inspire ` The Maginificent Seven ' , which was far better by the way , and many other movies with a similar basic plot , but beyond that the quality of the film itself does n't really inspire greatness . Just because this film inspired greatness , that does not make it greatness by default.I give the film 2 stars for a solid and original premise and decent production values but it can not receive any more praise because it fails to deliver on the most important aspects of what makes an excellent , timeless film . ` Seven Samurai 's popularity is perhaps the greatest example of the moral behind the story of ` The Emperor 's New Clothes ' .
 Watching the ` direction ' in this movie , and others by this director , is like seeing the first ever ` lace-up ' shoe or the first ever internal-combustion engine . You may happen to appreciate that the ` overused ' ideas , employed in the film , were used there for the first time ; the originality pervading the movie from beginning to end alongside gritty and convincing acting . However , it is still subject to a style of story-delivery that was original 50 years ago - that modern film watchers are jaded with.To avoid a long spiel
 Seven Samurai is a truly great movie . Unfortunately , I am legally blind and am unable to read the English subtitles . If only there could have been an English-speaking version.I 'm very disappointed after paying the stiff price and receiving what I could barely understand by watching it but without any effective translation on what waws being said.Unhappy Review
 7 samurai is probably the best film of all time . but this is not the version to get . it has been split up into 2 discs instead of being on 1 disc like the other release . this really ruins the experience . also , the grainy quality of the pre-restoration version added character and pathos . it looks too slick now . another huge problem is the low - resolution , jagged subtitles . could n't they have gotten something better ? its like looking at an ancient computer font and causes extreme eyestrain and headaches . Also , this film really should be dubbed into English . I want to focus on Kurosawa 's masterful imagery but instead I find myself constantly staring at the ghastly subtitles . You can turn them off but then you cant follow the story , so really this should be dubbed . The extras here are mostly throw-aways and not worth the extra money . The best of them is michael jeck 's commentary but that was on the older criterion release as well . i recommend getting that version instead as its cheaper and better .
 This Master work by Kurosawa is butchered to fit into the consumer TV screen . Imagine cuting out half the image of the Mona Lisa , how would you like that . A definate must own but only if it the full aspect ratio . just say no to 1.33:1 , the more we resist it the better off we 'll all be .
 Sure the special features are great , but to what possible end would someone release such a masterfully-shot film in `` standard '' aspect ratio . DVD was supposed to set us free from the tyranny of formatting !!!! I say wait for a widescreen re-release .
 The Seven Samurai is Akira Kurosawa 's great masterpiece -LRB- remade into the western The Magnificent Seven -RRB- . It 's set four hundred years ago , in Japan , when bandits stormed the land stealing the possessions of peasants . The focus is on one particular village . In an attempt to save the village , from a horde of bandits , the peasants decide to hire the service of hungry samurai.What 's noticeable in The Seven Samurai is the way in which the peasants are portrayed . They are shown as having extreme emotions , being ragged and miserable . The nature of humanity is shown as peasants argue and steal amongst themselves . They are curious and gossip about everything they see.When Toshiro Mifune first appears he captures the moment . Up to that point the action is frantic . His character is intense , excited at everything , even death , shown scratching himself with anxiety.Kambei Shimada is the wise old samurai , Katsushiro Okamoto is the young samurai who becomes a follower of Kambei , Katayama Gorobei -LRB- strong man -RRB- is the jolly samurai , Shichiroji is a good friend of Kambei who looks for a challenge despite the lack of compensation , Heihachi is the clown , Kyuzo the masterful samurai , and Kikuchiyo who is animalistic , the essence of life.I think an enjoyable film is a film that tells a story in such a way it draws you into its world . The story is magically told in The Seven Samurai . The camera observes every moment , movement and reaction without every becoming boring . In a way , it 's an allegory about the nature of man . The attention is never just focused on Mifune 's character , Kikuchiyo , as even the peasants are interesting to watch . Like reading a great book that 's hard to put down , I felt sorry when The Seven Samurai finished . Truly , one of greatest films .
 Editorial Review states , do not accept any less than the 203 minutes intended for this film , yet the description states this BR version is 145 minutes in length . Where did the 1 hour & 2 minutes disappear to . Hopefully this is a typo . Although I 've read some negetive reviews I still believe this film in it 's original version is a masterpiece , not to be toyed with . I read someone saying they would prefer a dubbed version . Good luck in finding english speaking actors that can express the same emotions the original actors did . It has been my experience dubbing is far inferior to subtitle . A good example would be Mel Gibson 's Road Warrior . Though Mel speaks english somebody 's infinite wisdom decided he sounded to austrailian and dubbed the film . Watch both versions of this film dubbed and subtitled and you 'll see what I mean . Emotions tend to get lost in the translation .
 I did like how when the people were stabbed with an arrow , they died . Not like in today 's films , where someone has a bleeding neck and they still are windmill kicking you in the face . Very realistic plot , a few meaningful lines . But still 3 hours , black and white with white subtitles - I fell asleep . It took me 3 watches just to make it to the Intermission . SNORE.EDIT
 Since I liked The magnificent Seven , I had long for this movie for a long time . The time had come and I was totally bored . Who says this is the greatest movie and Kurosawa is the greatest movie maker ? Picking up one would be very difficult but probably I will pick Godfather instead . I know there are many Kurosawa admirers but I always found his directing is kind of ` clumsy ' , weird pace-not smooth , over the top acting -LRB- here , esp . Mifune ... a clown -RRB- . I hate his black/white shooting although I love Black/White filmes . Yojimbo was the only movie I enjoyed from his movies . Too bad ...
 This movie is really good , but it 's not the masterpiece people keep talking about . The sound is awful , some parts are boring , the idea is not original . Of coruse Japanese movie at the fifties did n't have the resources the American movie industry already had in those days . It 's worthwhile watching .
 Save your money and time by not watching this badly made kung-fu movie . The guys in this movie do not know martial arts at all . The story goes as follows
 Together with the M.Scorcese 's `` The Raging Bull '' this is one of the most overrated movies in the cinema history.I watched it twice trying to get it 's `` greatness '' and `` depth '' , but apart from a poor and flat story about a group of stinking villagers running with wooden spears from one place to another and screaming at each other I could n't find anything that touched my heart or soul , or gave me food for thought.Three hours wasted for a primitive action schlock.Don ' t get me wrong ! I adore A.Kurosawa 's real , timeless masterpieces , but not his `` samurai films '' -LRB- Seven Samurai , Yojimbo , Sanjuro and Hidden Fortress -RRB- , which to my mind are his weakest and the least interesting.They BY NO MEANS are on the same league with such TRUE GEMS of Kurosawa like `` Rashomon '' , `` High And Low '' , `` Ikiru '' , `` Redbeard '' , `` Bad Sleep Well '' , `` Throne Of Blood '' , `` Dersu Uzala '' , `` Ran '' . Go for these eight films - they are real cinematic treasure !
 Toshiro Mifune gobbles up the screen . His presence saved this movie for me . There was too much ` drama ' in this movie . It took me a really long time to get invested in the characters . I found it simplistic -LRB- although that was intentional -RRB- . The other thing I enjoyed was seeing the countryside . I know it 's a classic but it 's too long for me . It takes too long to get the samurai and bring them back , and then too long getting ready for the attack . So shoot me .
 I do believe many people give this film high marks simply because film critics say so . Speaking of overated how about Grand Illusion and Rules of the Game . Do not get me wrong I love foreign films such as The Cranes are Flying , Rififi , Germany Year Zero , and The Passion of Joan of Arc . I really tried to see what amazes and overwhelms most everyone but I guess it passed me by . An excruciatingly boring drivel with terrible acting .
 I finally saw this film after hearing so much about it . It was good , but it 's not THE greatest film of all . The editing seems sloppy at times , the action sequences are OK , and the audio is very bare . But then again it was made in 1954 . The characters are definitely captivitating and the story is good but this is a bad transfer of a highly acclaimed film . Criterion prides itself for it 's superior quality DVDs , but this transfer was poorly done . The film is drenched with scratches , black spots , dirt , burn marks and an annoying light flickering . For the price I paid , I expected a pristine copy . This Criterion is NOT worth buying . Save your $ 40 + tax and rent it -LRB- although I hear Criterion might redo this DVD -RRB- Two stars for the crappy transfer .
 I have tried watching this film several times and have never been able to get through it due to boredom . The audio commentary on this one is something else as the commentator makes a big deal out of every shot , even the most mundane and obvious ones . He could find a silver lining in a typhoon ! The acting is over-the-top as far as I am concerned . This is just another art house foreign film that you are supposed to like because it 's good for you - just like broccoli , I suppose .
 Would not play on one of our DVD players . Screen message '' please insert a disk '' Disk is inserted.Used second DVD player and it worked until intermission.Disk stopped and would not run . We tried everything.Since I love this story ~ How do i get it replaced with a good DVDMIchael Karaffa
 didnt like this movie at all . did not find it beautiful , did not find any of the characters even remotely interesting . in fact if you asked me i could not tell you who the main character was . Kurosawa was praised for his camera work , in showing all the major characters , but that 's exactly the problem . yes the characters were major but WHO was the main ? also , for a film that sets the standard for action films , ive watched almost all of it -LRB- prolly 1 hour lefT -RRB- and havent seen one fighting sequence . or anything .
 If you 're having trouble with insomnia , retn this one , Your troubles will be cured . I have the greatest patience with non-American movies that sets well out of the mainstream . But this 1956 production definitely is not the great movie the critics say it this . It 's just a boring Japanese production , totally uninspired , slow paced . Ok , the famous fighting under the rain is a very well-shot sequence , but to reach that far one must be really determinated !
 I finally bought this movie after reading so many good reviews , but i was again mislead . After the dissapointment called Ran , i thought Kurosawa was a pretty bad director that being one of his newer movies . But after reading so many good things about this movie i could n't resist . I sat through this 3 and a half hour long movie this morning , and when it was over i was still waiting for the so called breathtaking battle in the rain . Anyone looking for good samurai action DO NOT BUY THIS . All of the action is terribly choreographed , all of the action sequences involve people running around like crazy people , and then maybe one or 2 bandits get stabbed or shot with a bow or gun . The last battle was the biggest dissapointment , it was supposed to be one of the best sequences ever captured on tape , what ? It sucks , maybe 50 years ago it was considered an exciting action scene , but by todays standards it doesnt even compare to an animated disney movie in terms of action , really its that bad . The rest of the movie is taken over by man butts and bad acting , the performances are comical , not funny , ridiculously stupid . There is no drama at all , when one of the samurai dies I found myself relieved that i would n't see that terrible actor again , none of them could even fight or move the sword , not once do you hear the clang of a sword or see any blood , thats right whoever considers this movie violent probably cant handle bambi . To list all this films flaws i would need more paitence but i will tell you that the action sucks , there is no heart wrenching drama , no humor , not a single good performance , no real samurai fighting like i said you never see someone block a sword or do any kind of move not involving just sticking there arm out and hoping they hit something , the rescue of the kinapped child is 2 seconds long and all the guy does is run in and get the kid , the theft of an enemy gun is short and simple , thats right they run out and grab it you guessed it , the story is even poorly done , how could anybody mess up a 1 line story , well Kurosawa does , i would not recommend any of his movies he is a terrible director , anybody looking for entertainment can go anywhere else because it has got to be better then this piece of crapola . In short the last samurai is much better way truer to the way of the smaurai , if you dont think so read bushido , this movie could n't be more wrong to the way of the samurai , this movie makes them out to be savages and only like to kill and rape women , totally wrong , this movie may have been good a long time ago but anybody younger then 50 will not like this movie , -100000000 out of a 10 , i gave it the Negative rating for not contributing anything , no entertainment , esspecially no action because action doesnt get more pathetic then this . The Last Samurai would kick all Seven of these samurai 's asses , but they all died of old age .
 kurosawa is one of the great directors of all-time - this is an almost undisputed fact , even by me . however , people fail to mention that all but 1 or 2 of his movies are deathly boring . seven samurai goes on for 3 hours , and even with action sequences , fails to enthrall . truly boring and not worth the time unless you 're a scholar of good direction .
 This 3.5 hours took me about four viewings just to get through it . I am a fan of old movies , but this one just does not do it for me . I kept watching because the movie received so many great ratings that I assumed it must have some redeeming features . If so , I just do n't see them .
 I guess I should preface this by saying that I 'm really not an Asian-movie person . I just do n't `` get '' them , and I 'm sure it 's a cultural thing . `` Tampopo , '' `` Crouching Tiger , '' `` In the Realm of the Senses '' and now this one -- I could n't sit through any of them . Unless you are a martial arts or samurai fanatic , or a big lover of Japanese culture and history , I would say definitely skip this -- especially if you are female . I think this is one of those `` Emperor 's New Movies '' that we 're all supposed to like , and no one will admit to NOT liking it for fear of being thought ignorant !
 Lackluster HongKong export about a bunch of guys defending a Chinese village from bandits . I would prefer to watch `` Wing Commander '' rather than this trash . At least WC has some cool special effects and great action . I would give this sad excuse of a movie one star .
 This is a very strange film . One the one hand , you 've got Michael Curtiz , a great director -LRB- Casablanca , Angels With Dirty Faces , et al -RRB- and a stirring Max Steiner score . You 've got a remarkable performance by Raymond Massey . You 've got Errol Flynn doing his sex symbol action hero thing . You 've got Reagan cast as the sidekick , as he so often was when he got to be in A list movies -LRB- when Jack Warner of Warner Brothers was an old man and they told him that Reagan was running for Governor of California he said
 If you 're an Errol FLynn fan let me warn you , Flynn hardly ever even gets to touch a sword in this film ! He 's very cramped in this roll ; and even much of his ordinary charm , does n't come through .
 An undercurrent theme of the movie is a man who would give his life so black men may be free from slavery . Such a man must be insane . John Brown was a religious zealot . Who believed serving God was man 's ultimate purpose . That meant God before family members . That meant training his children to give up their lives so other men may become free.This movie depicts Mr. Brown as a mad man . The Earl Flynn character says he is against one man taking the law into his own hand . Yet he is depicting Jeb Stuart who joined the Confederate Army who were in open rebellion against the United States of America , because he did not like the election result . In support of nullification of a National election . I will take John Brown 's treason over Jeb Stuart 's anyday . This movie is sympathetic to one of the worst causes ever fought .
 A truly strange movie ... slavery is ok , and the South will `` sort it out '' in good time . Movies like this built racism and made lynchings possible . Slavery itself isnof course absent from the movie , except for a scared family trying to escape . But never mind , some people will never care . Avoid .
 First of all , the rating I gave this DVD is based on the poor quality of the tape transfer not the movie itself . I happen to enjoy this movie.I would rate it 4 stars . When you have Errol Flynn , Olivia DeHavilland , President Reagan , and an outstanding performance by Raymond Massey , how can you go wrong ? Yes , it 's not a historically accurate by and large . But who cares ? And really how many Hollywood produced movies are ? Just kick back and enjoy this piece of pure escapism . A western full of colorful characters set during the days prior to the Civil War with glorious names -LRB- e.g ; Jefferson Davis , Robert E. Lee , George Armstrong Custer , J.E.B Stuart , John Brown , etc. -RRB- from our American history . However , the tape transfer is horrible . It 's grainy and dark in some scenes . It 's hard to watch . And there are no extras to it . I would recommend to avoid buying this Synergy Archive Series copy . Let 's hope Warner Bros. decides one day to restore this film and market it .
 Great old picture , but not restored in any way , and very poor quality picture ! I enjoyed it anyway . It was a classic of the movie industry !
 Do not buy from this vendor . I have seen this movie on TCM and been very impressed with a number of shots . When I watched this copy I was convinced it must be a warn VHS tape recorded on DVD because the last time I saw such a bad picture was under those conditions -LRB- on the tape not recorded to DVD -RRB- . It has the light showing on screen throughout the whole movie . Also the great B/W scenes do not have great contrasts.I received the tape promptly BUT that 's all that was acceptable in this transaction .
 The movie is a classic . The print was very poor and I would not recommend to anyone purchasing .
 Santa Fe Trail ... . I was really looking forward to receiving this DVD as I am an ErrolFlynn fan !!! Unfortunately , I had to return this item as it was of very poor quality.Did not live up to Amazon quality . Had I known it was not a remastered copy , I wouldnever have purchased it .
 THE QUALITY OF THE DVD MADE IT IMPOSSIBLE TO WATCH , BUT THE WAY MY RETURN WAS HANDLED WAS AWESOME . ONCE AGAIN , AMAZON DOES IT RIGHT !
 Though this video was technically good it was really `` dated '' and that made me loose enthusiasm . I wanted information on kitchens of today . It was mostly my fault . I should have looked at the publication date . Otherwise there were basic tips that really do n't change I guess .
 have n't seen a witchcraft series movie in a while so decided to check it out . yikes ! ultra-low budget as the previous reviewer stated , but are the typical beautiful women in this dvd ? sorry to say , no . not that i want to get insultive or anything , but the actresses , with the exception of one are very homely and unattractive . it 's like they went out and found some women to volunteer to do this movie for credit rolls or something . bad acting , bad editing and horrible and i mean horrible lighting . they used natural lighting and everything is super dark . which is probably good since you do n't want to see how bad this film really is . i like the series nevertheless and will have to check out some others .
 It was very low budget with bad acting . There are several scenes of cleavage and eventually a couple bare breast scenes . Worth seeing once or twice for horror enthusiasts . They used the exact same pentagram I own as a prop in the movie .
 `` Marie Galante '' , released in 1934 , was a Fox studio showcase for their bid in the European import stakes , French Ketti Gallian . Directed by the often great Henry King -LRB- but not here -RRB- , the film is a dull thriller about a plot to blow up American ships in the Panama Canal . Populated by a rich array of racial sterotypes , including a Japanese played by the English Leslie Fenton and the offensive Stepin Fetchit playing a man servant , the film is dull and turgid . Spencer Tracy plays a scientist and his acting is so clearly superior to his contemporaries that he stands out like a beacon in spite of the dreary part . Gallian is made up to look like Marlene Dietrich but her command of English is poor and her part absurd . Only the imposition of the censorship could have made this heroine so naive . The highlight of the film are the 2 songs sung by the peerless Helen Morgan.The film has been in the public domain for a long time . The print is murky , the soundtrack blurred and there are jumps in the continuity due to splicing .
 -LRB- This review refers to the Video On Demand movie and is for those wanting to see the original movie . -RRB- The picture is right but the description is wrong so if you think you 're getting to watch the great 1982 version which is described then think again before renting this ! AMAZON bait and switch ????? Thank goodness I have the right one at HOME because it -LRB- 1982 version Mitchum Keach Sheen Dern -RRB- is truly a great movie !
 Those of us who are old enough to remember the dynamic original production of TCS can only be disapppointed by this disjointed film . Even the involvement of playwright Jason Miller did n't help .
 ** This one-star review is based on the 2007 single disc release , not the movie itself.How pathetic - with the coming of the unnecessary remake of the cult slasher classic comes yet another DVD release of the original - yet not often do we see a new re-release actually downgrade itself from its predecessor.The 2-Disc edition , which was released several years ago , runs laps around this `` new , restored '' version , and I ca n't even imagine what Ancor Bay is epecting us to do here . I mean , how stupid do they think we are?The 2-Disc versionHalloween -LRB- Divimax 25th Anniversary Edition -RRB- is the DVD for you - not only does it contain the restored , widescreen presentation of Halloween , but it also contains an intruiging commentary track and several documentaries and featurettes.The new release has the movie . And that 's all . Besdies a distorted full-screen option.To make a long story short
 Do n't even bother with this disc . Its a joke , a complete and utter joke !! I saw this at my local electronics outlet along with the theatrical version . Both released by the same company . Yet for some reason the theatrical DVD comes with a whole bunch of great features and video and audio remastering while this `` extended '' disc is in 2 channel Dolby and comes with no extras . Bah ! While the extra scenes added to the original are nice , they 're not spectacular . -LRB- For those who do n't know , the TV network standards required cuts to be made in the movie , the movie would be under time , so Debra Hill and the crew making Halloween 2 spent 3 days shooting additional scenes for the TV Version . -RRB- There 's really only one scene that stands out - Loomis goes to Myers psych ward room to find `` Sister '' carved on the door . There , now go buy the theatrical disc .
 The first one in the series of -LRB- so far ? -RRB- seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today 's public , it rather appears as a comedy.There is barely any blood in it , and Michael Myers is easy to knock down -LRB- even though he does n't die , of course ... -RRB- by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who , by the way , look like herself , she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.The real surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who Michael Myers really is !
 Fangoria Magazine did a review over a year ago about the boxes found containing lots of unused Halloween footage and bloopers . Apparently ALOT of it is in very good concdtion . Some fan created an online petition to plead that this footage be included in some way in the 30th Edition . Anchor Bay have decided to ignore these pleas , and just release a box set with nothing new -LRB- except for a revised blue ray print -RRB- . There will be no new documentaries , just the same stuff we have in other editions . What a hoax ! And how stupid are they to include H4 and H5 just because they do n't have the rights to H2 and H3 ? There 's no continuity in this box set . A 30th Anniversary is a milestone and this film deserves to be treat better . Normally you can count on Anchor Bay to release worthwhile special editions but this is just dreadful . Perhaps Anchor Bay just do n't care and are hoping no-one will notice that their 30th release is nothing but already-avaiable material ? Perhaps Anchor Bay could n't get the rights to the lost footage found in the boxes ? Perhaps some other company will release a DELUXE version soon thereafter ? Perhaps , perhaps , perhaps .
 I have the 20th and 25th anniversary of Halloween , and both are valid and worth having . Besides the film , they each have different special features that are `` totally '' informative about the making of this classic . This new release sounds like a big waste of time and money . I 've never been a fan of Halloween 4-9 so that 's certainly no incentive to buy this . Especially when you consider it 's missing 2 and 3 . For the 30th anniversary this should have been a blowout dvd with tons of new info attached . Do yourself a favor and get either the 20th or 25th on eBay . Screw Anchor Bay
 Anyone that has ever read any of my reviews or visited my profile knows my passion , love and undying devotion for the original `` Halloween '' -LRB- 1978-which is the greatest horror movie of all-time -RRB- and its ultimate sequel called `` Halloween II '' . Please see my individual reviews on these two movies for more details and praise as to the individual merits of these movies . Like many of you , I have long awaited a box-set for the `` Halloween '' movies , not so much that all of them are good , but because I am a completist when it comes to horror movies.While it is not completely clear from the information provided by Amazon -LRB- at least not at this point -RRB- , it appears that this so-called `` Halloween
 It 's official Halloween is on dvd . How would I know ? Well , my closet is full of them and I 've added on a room . I now have a Halloween Wing on my house also known as the Hallowing . Thanks Anchor Bay !
 I am advising all prospective buyers to avoid this release . It has been incorrectly color timed , which means a lot of the blue and orange hues which were an integral artisic aspect of the film have been deliberately altered . Someone at Anchor Bay had this film 's artisic presentation altered to fit their own desires ! This is not the definitive version of the film and should be avoided at all costs until Anchor Bay does a recall . Try to find your self a copy of the limited edition put out a few years ago ; that is a great disc . Dean Cundey intended for the movie to have the blue hues and seasonal fall apppearance -LRB- despite when it was filmed -RRB- . With the `` remaster '' , all aspects of that color timing have been lost . I do not think Anchor Bay was trying to screw this up , rather it was carelessness on their part . They did an excellent job on the prior DVD issue which featured mild edge enhancement but was nonetheless faithful to the film . Despite my request for a recall , it will not happen . Please avoid this version and track down the older one with the correct color timing so that you may experience this film as it was intended . Dean Cundey -LRB- cinematographer -RRB- approved the old reissue ; not this one as far as I know . I love Anchor bay but they screw up on too many occasions .
 For some reason , John Carpenter 's 1978 horror film `` Halloween '' is regarded as a masterpiece by not only horror fans , but respected critics as well . `` Halloween '' is a simple , poorly acted , overly-routine , overlong , and extremley dull slasher movie that should not be confused for a better , more sophisticated film . The only reason this trash gets two stars is because of Carpenter 's unique and inventive directing style and intresting camera angles .
 It says it 's the 30th Anniversary and since it seems it comes out every year ... well , I guess this would be the 29th release since you would n't count year one , but STILL !! C'mon if you are going to keep milking the cow you have to put something in the cow first !
 Were this a review solely on the film , this would have rated a one star . The transfer has been altered , with blues and oranges washed out . Along with that , it is the theatrical version of the film . Nit picking maybe , but you would think a 25th anniversary edition would have warrented the film being presented in its full glory.The bonus features are basically the only reason to buy this DVD . You ca n't ask for anything more from the commentary and excellent documentary . Just too bad Artisan could n't make this a real treat for the fans .
 all I want to say on this film is that its a classic like everybody says , but it is n't the kind of movie you 'd want to watch over and over because that would spoil all the fun . save this for halloween night or for family christmas eve get togethers -LRB- ! -RRB- what I really want to review is this specific edition . the entire second disc is superfluos and its also lacking in real details . the commentary by curtis and carpenter is odd because each speak about the film SEPERATELY and never with each other , like most commentaries . Plus , its really boring and both take it all way too seriously -LRB- like most commentaries ! -RRB- . my advice is get a cheaper but still widescreen edition sans commentary and worthless extras . this movie is for WATCHING , not STUDYING .
 . . everything else about this low budget `` classic '' is atrocious . Donald Pleasence , a seasoned `` B '' actor , provides the only decent acting in this movie . He filmed all his scenes in 5 days , and it really shows as he seems rushed and in it just for the paycheck . I first saw this movie at age 15 , and even though I was only a casual film buff , I did not find it scary at all and I thought the acting and the script were extremely bad . There were others before Halloween , but , this is THE film that started the alarming trend that all teenagers must be completely braindead if cast in a horror film . They must possess no acting skills , and most importantly , they must be silly beyond redemption . This entire cast fits the bill nicely , and the dialog in this movie goes beyond stupidity . How can anyone be scared if their intelligence is constantly insulted ? There are several highly suspenseful scenes in this movie that are destroyed because the director did n't know when to say enough is enough . He would drag these scenes on and on until they lost any momentum they built up . Maybe this movie is supposed to be light , scary fun but how can it be so if there is absolutely no logic to the plot , it 's swamped in bad acting and dialog , and the director is clueless when it comes to editing . Many claim that it 's a superior film in contrast of it 's low budget , but people , almost a half million dollars was spent on this silly movie , and this was in 1978 ... which meant that it actually had a substantial budget . I will never understand how so many claim this to be a scary or even an enjoyable film . I liked the killer and the music , but , there 's simply too many failures and faults to consider this a true classic or even a good horror movie .
 The movie speaks for itself . However , they cropped out Linda 's boobs when she 's laying in bed . That 's one of my favorite parts !!!! -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- You see them 20 seconds later when she gets strangled on the phone so WTF !
 This movie was nice and scary but there are a few things that this halloween movie is MISSING
 The beautiful people of Anchor Bay , scions of releasing lost slasher gems and coming out with deluxo packages galore for the fanatic , really dropped the ball with the Myers project.Halloween has been released approximately 97 times in the last year alone , so you 'd think Anchor Bay would finally just do it and include every stinking version , every extra , and every format in this thing , and do it right . DVD and Blu-Ray , and VHS , too . What about every format it 's ever been released on , ever ? I 'm serious . Enough is enough.But it 's not . As several have already pointed out , Anchor Bay slapped this baby together with every bit of product they have rights to . So you have the Extended Cut -LRB- aka the TV Version -RRB- , and you have the documentary 25 Years of Terror , and then you have ... Halloween 4 and Halloween 5 , just thrown in there because ... Anchor Bay has the rights . You do n't get all of the extras from the previous DVD releases of Halloween , though you do get the Blu Ray -LRB- which was already separately released -RRB- . And including H4 and H5 without the far better H2 -LRB- and even the insanity of H3 -RRB- makes this plain silly . I guess they figured it was the 20 anniversary of Halloween 4 , too , which I 'm surprised is n't getting a separate box set of its own , complete with version four mask . And the mask ? Come on , it 's no good ... this thing is plain cheesy . A replica knife would have been better , even a pair of coveralls , but not this thing.No , this is not the Holy Grail of Halloween boxes that you 'd think a 30 anniversary would warrant -LRB- though they did do a nice 25 year thingee ... five years ago -RRB- . Stick with the Divimax version of the original , and the widescreen version of part II . Would recommend this only if you find it on a -LRB- big -RRB- sale -LRB- it 's overpriced -RRB- and do n't own two or more of the versions here . Plus you can keep the mask . Even a Loomis raincoat would have been more useful .
 This is just another plain low budget 70 's movie , it was a little bit creep , it did go pretty slow , but Michael Myers is just too dam good , i only liked it cause its a Halloween movie and i love them too much , but still great movie , just a little too slow , it is worth the watch or even buying it .
 Hello , production values ? In * several * scenes supposedly located in and around the town of `` Haddonfield '' Illinois , there are palm trees visible in the background . When the doctor makes a phone call supposedly from rural Illinois , there are foothills and low mountains in the background . Sorry , I 've been to Illinois ; no mountains , no palm trees . All of which indicates the setting for this `` horror classic '' is not Illinois but good ol' SoCal . This might not be such a big deal except that the movie and those who tout it make so much out of the movie 's `` realism '' , and the `` Midwest setting '' . The story itself is very pedestrian . Admittedly , the acting and the direction are good . Some of the plot is downright inexplicable ; for example , when Michael Myers suddenly gets a sense of humor in the middle of his killing spree , and disguises himself to the bimbo girlfriend by covering himself with a sheet and wearing the glasses of her just-murdered boyfriend . That zany Myers , what a goof ! Yeah , and speaking of the just-mentioned murder , yeah that makes sense that Myers could lift up the guy by the chin with one arm , and nonchalantly swing his other arm hard enough to impale the guy against a door with a knife . It 's called physics , guys , look into it . So much for realism .
 This movie is not good . ... Past mindless complaints , this movie is fairly plotless , and riddled with idiocy . For instance , why does the killer spend three-fourths of the movie standing around as scary music plays ? The horrors of men standing in silly masks , save me ! Save your laughter for the scene in which his standing theme resembles the sound of a jet propulsion system . Also , pass the time wondering why Jamie Lee Curtis does not figure out that the killer is probably not dead when she stabs him in the thigh . While this might kill some , he has already survived a coathanger in the eye and a long needle driven into his ear , so you might not want to turn your back . She does , so he can try to kill her again . Also , the killer is generally more impotent than pre-Viagra Bob Dole . Real killers hang in movies like `` Welcome to Spring Break . '' ... Skip Banacheck is a better hero than Jamie Lee any day .
 Released at the same time as Dawn of the Dead . I would pick Dawn of the Dead over Halloween any day ! The mask of William Shatner on Michael -LRB- The Shape -RRB- Myers face looks like he just came back from a Star Trek Convention ! I recommend HELLRAISER instead over this piece of tripe ! We have such sights to show you ...
 This aint no classic , this is a boring piece of -LSB- stuff -RSB- . For one thing , the curse of myers and H20 are much better.This has no gore at all , but I will say that Myers is a scary lookin -LSB- dude -RSB- , but this doesnt compare to any of the friday the 13ths even jason takes manhatton is better than this so please dont waste yo money on this pile of wack .
 This is n't the first time I have seen Halloween , but I figured I would check out the Blu Ray , since I have n't seen the movie in atleast 10 years . Upon watching , after the initial kill , of his sister , Michael Myers waits about 30 to 40 minutes in the movie before he kills anyone else . It is pretty much just him watching through windows , popping out behind bushes , etc.The movie lacks the gore that other films in that same time error had . Movies such as Friday the 13th , A Nightmare on Elm Street , and Texas Chainsaw Massacre trump this ten times over . The kill scenes were VERY VERY VERY weak . The Special FX are horrible , and please do n't jump on my case and say , it was a late 70 's movie . They could have done much better ! Compare the death scenes in this movie to other death scenes , from movies in the late 70 's and early 80 's and you will see that this movie lacks!The movie is considered a classic by most , but to me ... It 's a pile of crap . If you disagree , then i 'll be getting rid of my copy here on amazon .
 why do people like this trash it is n't scary nor interesting and the movie is slow paced that it looks like director John Carpenter shot this while walking slowly and the movie is low budget there is hardly any blood or good special effects instead fans like it for its so-called suspense and laughable scares . The main plot is a boy who murdered his sister and returns years later to kill babysitters in his hometown . Halloween is no treat but a trick . Fans of horror films should rent something better . The only good part is when Jamie Lee Curtis is laying on the ground and in the background Michael Myers sits up slowly looking at her .
 Blood and nudity abound in this tasteless thriller , starring Jamie Lee Curtis as a good girl babysitter , whose scanty friends get slaughtered off one by one , by a killer in a mask.All is well , until Miss Curtis ' friends , who are babysitting at the neighbors , do n't answer her phone calls and she notices all the lights next door are off . So Miss Curtis heads across the street ... From there , things fall apart until they reach an asinine conclusion.The terrifyingly haunting music is the only thing that keeps this show from being a complete waste of time.Despite other opinions , this film DOES deserve its ` R ' rating , due to its gruesome themes , let alone the violence , language , and semi-clad babysitters.All in all , enjoy `` Halloween '' if you must , but PLEASE do n't consider it to be a favorite .
 this is not scary at all nightmare on elm street is scary then this
 For anyone thinking they are getting ALL the Halloween movies up to this point be very clear , this overpriced release includes : Halloween -LRB- three versions of the original masterpiece
 Pointless ' 25th anniversary ' edition . Sure the film looks and sounds great but so did the last two DVD incarnations . Commentary tracks provided by Carpenter , Hill , and Curtis are adequate and somewhat disappointing . As for the 86 minute ` new ' documentary , it 's nothing more than a trumped up version of the 30 minute documentary -LRB- Halloween Unmasked 2000 -RRB- with endless , ENDLESS , ENDLESS , ENDLESS , ENDLESS clips -- make that entire sequences -- from the movie . Curtis 's own 2000 interview is again repeated here as are the same stories from Hill , Carpenter , Tommy Lee Wallace , P.J. Soles , and Nick Castle . I 'm not sure what the point was in marketing another version except to cash in on the Halloween title and make money from unassuming customers , like yours truly . Save your money .
 On October 14th Anchor Bay/Starz Entertainment will release a Halloween 30th anniversary edition of the film . I , for one , being a longtime Halloween enthusiast , have n't been this dissapointed since Rob Zombie got to cash in on and destroy this classic film with one of the worst renditions ever made.Again , and in typical Anchor Bay fashion , consumers are being offered the same Halloween product in a new package . Look closely , every single DVD disc included in this set has been a prior release from Anchor Bay.Even the Blu-Ray disc has been out for months . This is disgraceful and Halloween fans deserve better.The original Halloween was released thirty years ago , so why is Anchor Bay releasing Halloween 4 and 5 with this set ? They were filmed in the late 80 's . The answer is greed and laziness . Anchor Bay is jumbling every Halloween release they 've ever produced into one pathetic boxset in order to cash in yet again.This has to be the laziest attempt at a Halloween special edition ever . Thirty years of triumph deserves so much better and this company is just slapping together a lame Halloween boxset at the last minute and calling it a thirty year editon.Even the Micael Myers mask included in this set is cheap and has been available for years at any local Spencer 's gift shop . It has no resemblance to the original mask what-so-ever . Nothing in this boxset is worth spending money on.This was the perfect opportunity for Anchor Bay to release some of the `` lost Halloween footage '' found a few years ago burried in boxes . All of John Carpenter 's Halloween footage that was not used in the movie was found and Halloween fans have been long awaiting to see just a few frames from this holy grail of unused film stock.Will any of this footage be available on this boxset ? Nope . Just the same tired releases from a company that does n't know how to show this classic film the proper respect it deserves .
 This is the EXACT SAME DISC that was released in 1998 ! If you own that then you already have this disc ! Do not be fooled by a fancy new slipcover ! Anchor Bay is notorious for selling us all the exact same discs over and over with different covers , do n't fall for it this time !
 I had already posted this below in the discussion area , but this quote taken from an early review of this `` new '' edition over at DVDActive pretty much says everything that needs to be said about this release . Hopefully it will save many of you some trouble : `` I 've got to say this is a nice new slipcover . It features the original poster image , with a shiny rainbow hologram knife , title , and pumpkin face . The image itself is also raised . I wonder what 's beneath this cardboard shell . Why , it 's the original 1999 Anchor Bay release ! Right down to the packaging ! How about that ? The video quality is identical to the original 1999 THX release because this is the EXACT SAME DISC . In 2005 Anchor Bay released a 25th anniversary version under their quickly defunct ` Divimax ' series . The 2005 release was hated by some fans because of its colour correction , which was made without input from Dean Cundey . This release , the 1999 version , was supervised by Cundey , but is a lot dirtier , and somewhat darker . I personally ca n't decide which transfer I prefer , because I actually kind of like the bluish tint on the 2005 release . Halloween is also one of the few movies of the era that works when cleaned to modern crispness -LRB- sometimes too much digital cleansing actually hurts a gritty horror flick , but Halloween is slicker than most -RRB- . And because this is a re-release of the '99 release , people who hate movies can also watch Halloween is full-screen mode . In this mode the viewer can wonder with wild abandon as to why the music has suddenly become scary when they do n't see Michael Myers enter stage right . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- Bottom line
 Woe is me for purchasing this on its release date . Anchor Bay has always been such a reliable company -LRB- well , excluding their abominable premier release of Halloween in 1997 , one that was filled with so many compression artifacts that it was virtually unwatchable -RRB- , but here they appear to have made a second serious mistake with Halloween.This film is a classic ; perhaps the best , most influential horror movie ever -LRB- barring Psycho -RRB- . On Anchor Bay 's previous Halloween DVD release , it also looked like a classic , thanks to a newly-minted transfer that was approved by none other than esteemed Halloween cinematographer Dean Cundey . That transfer was basically letter perfect , and broke new ground in the DVD market . As they say , `` one step forward , two steps back '' . This new transfer lacks the beautiful color pallette that defines this film 's mood and atmosphere . Specifically , saturation of oranges and blues is almost entirely absent . What this amounts to is a washed-out print , one in which objects bathed in blue now appear white and blazing orange pumpkins are muted and drained . Since these colours were used by Carpenter and his team to effect a feeling of looming dread in the audience , the impact of the film is noticeably diminished . It just is n't the same Halloween we know and love.Ironically , Anchor Bay has decided to finally include the Carpenter/Curtis commentary from the long-out-of-print Criterion laserdisc . It is fresh and worthwhile , a great commentary . The 89-minute documentary about the making of and success of Halloween is also wonderful . It 's too bad they ruined what really counts - the film.Anchor Bay needs to do a recall . In the meantime , hang on to your old edition and the extended version -LRB- which , for some inane reason , is not a part of this ` definitive ' set -RRB- . No word yet on what Dean Cundey thinks of this edition .
 The first one in the series of -LRB- so far ? -RRB- seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today 's public , it rather appears as a comedy.There is barely any blood in it , and Michael Myers is easy to knock down -LRB- even though he does n't die , of course ... -RRB- by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who , by the way , look like herself , she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.The real surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who Michael Myers really is !
 The first one in the series of -LRB- so far ? -RRB- seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today 's public , it rather appears as a comedy.There is barely any blood in it , and Michael Myers is easy to knock down -LRB- even though he does n't die , of course ... -RRB- by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who , by the way , look like herself , she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.The real surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who Michael Myers really is !
 As a teenager I was enamored with films , particularly sci-fi and good horror . Everytime I saw a horror film and hated it , it was none other than directed by Carpenter . I do n't care about the transfers , or the 1080 or the HD , I am basing this review on the film itself . Save the amazingly talented Donald Pleasence , perhaps in its day , this was terrifying . But when I saw it as a child , perhaps not too long after it was out , I was laughing at most of the film , on really how ludicrous it was . Absolutely terrifying to me is ` The Shining ' or of course ` The Excorcist ' , this is just uniform B horror , and even that is giving it accolades it does n't deserve . You can argue till the GOP find 's a talking head not full of themselves that this was a unique approach to horror films which showed what you can do with a extremely minimal budget , a great score , and awful acting ... use really grade school , first person type camera shots , and audience edge of your seat trickery ... mehhh ... give me ` Blair Witch ' anyday ... Ridiculous . How many times is he going to come back to life , over and over and over and over and over and over again . The ending showing still shots of the house , some of the rooms in the house , MM 's old house and heavy breathing ... oh please ... I know 14 year old 's who make better cut films on their Hi-8 's .
 As a rabid horror fan , I 've never been certain why so many other horror fans go `` ga-ga '' over this 90 minute film of predictability . It lacks any suspense . Albeit , Zombie 's `` reimagining '' was MUCH worse . This film is so bland and dull . Carpenter 's orchestration is the best `` thing '' to come out of this film . The characters are dull and lifeless , there is obviously NO talent involved within this film.I must say that the story written for `` Friday The 13th One '' is far superior to this jive . I simply do not like this film . The character is never given any light of purpose . Horror fans are a savvy bunch , we deserve better DEBRA HILL !
 Reading the reviews of Amazon.com , one may come to the conclusion that John Carpenter 's slasher-flick Halloween is the greatest horror movie ever created in the history of America and started the slasher genre.Well here 's a real review , rooted a tad more in fact.This movie is the worst horror film ever.We start off with a young boy stabbing his naked sister to death . Sounds like a keeper!We then go into a long , tedious plot that involves , well , nothing really . The long wait the audience experiences before viewing much slice-and-dice action is apparently an attempt to aid it in learning more about the characters and to make a connection with the story . It fails in doing so . Rather , the audience is often left wondering if the only reason certain scenes are put into the movie is to make the runtime longer.With the exception of the infamous `` Halloween theme , '' the music is terribly irritating . There 's about three songs in this movie , and usually , they are replayed several times over in long , useless scenes that you really feel the urge to fast forward to.Then , finally we are treated to some violence . But even the violence wo n't satsify those truly looking for a gorefest . Some scenes depict no blood at all.And when will the lie that Halloween `` created the slasher genre '' die ? No , you are wrong . Psycho created the slasher genre , and Halloween is simply a modern adaptation . With a lot more nudity and sex which has nothing to do with the plot.Finally we reach the `` showdown '' between Michael Myers and ... well it does n't really matter who it is . It 's just some girl that we hardly know anything about and really do n't care for . The audience has no emotional attatchment to the main character at all.Jamie Lee Curtis , for reasons I can not understand , is often described as a `` strong female '' character in this film . No she is n't . Her primary action throughout the `` showdown '' is to scream . She is n't even the one who ultimately defeats Michael . Dr. Loomis is.Then finally , we reach the terrifying ending where the somewhat-intriguing theme music plays as a soundloop of dog-like panting repeats in the background like a broken record . The horror!Want to see a truly disturbing slasher-flick with large quantities of gore balanced by a thought-provoking plot with important dialogue and realistic characters ? Do n't see Halloween !
 Every one loves this movie . Now I know that everyone is going to say that I have no taste but I like the Rob Zombie version better . I have a ton of problems with his original . How can a man who has been locked up since he was a boy suddenly drive a car ? How exactly did he get out ? Why is no one fighting back ? Everyone acts horribly in this movie . I hated everyone . I did n't care about most of the people in the remake but in this original I found myself actively wanting Jamie 's friends to die . Even Jamie when it came to the climax gave an awful performance . I did n't really care about anyone , or actively disliked them , even though I think I was supposed to like them , and when they died I found them giving half hearted efforts to survive , equally matched by Mike 's half heart efforts to kill them.Why do people like this ? I just do n't understand . Rob Zombie 's version got me into the heart of the psychopath , and gave me a more realistic sense of the story . It is a pretty good premise but in this version I just did n't care . I was scared watching the remake . I was n't watching the original . And besides , everyone says they hate the Rob Zombie version but lets face it , you would hate it no matter what he did . I read a review of it on bloodydisgusting.com , and he says he 's mad that he kept somethings the same and yet changed other things . Everyone else gives similar arguements . You just contridicted yourself ! You ca n't have it both ways!I was bored . I was waiting for that end where things would finally start happening . Rob Zombie 's version was far more realistic and extreme . I realize he had a far bigger budget . But still ... I think that you could have at least gotten the big name actor who played Dr. Loomis to not play the character as stupid as he did . `` We have a giant unstoppable psychopathic killer on the loose . Should we inform the populis ? '' `` No , then they 'll start seeing him on every street corner and in every alley . '' `` Umm ... I was kind of worried he might kill them when they went outside not about investigating false sightings . '' `` Just stop sheriff . I 'm the professional here ... Stop trying to do anything at all about a psychotic serial killer running amuck in your town , just stand with me in front of this house for hours while he slaughters innocent people , em ` kay . I am the genius here . Oh and I know you have an entire police force under your command but lets not use them to ... I do n't know save Jamie Lee Curtis ' life . `` And that 's another thing . Why are her friends fricken ' retarded ? `` I think I 'm being followed . '' `` Stop being stupid Jamie . Ha , ha , ha . '' Shut up ! No one would react like that . One of her friend 's dads is the sheriff right?In short I do n't know why people think this is an amazing movie . It really is n't . I know that everyone else has a major hard on for it but ... really , pretty bad . I like John Carpenter 's other work , but this is not his best . By no means . I suppose though that it really is n't his fault that his cast ca n't act and that large plot flaws permeate the whole movie , that is the fault of the actors themselves and the writer . But I think Rob Zombie took those plotflaws , got rid of them , ramped everything up , and actually made it more realistic and made many of the characters more likeable at least . Now Halloween II is a totally different story but his remake is good , better than this anyway .
 The first one in the series of -LRB- so far ? -RRB- seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today 's public , it rather appears as a comedy.There is barely any blood in it , and Michael Myers is easy to knock down -LRB- even though he does n't die , of course ... -RRB- by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who , by the way , look like herself , she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.The real surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who Michael Myers really is !
 The term `` box set '' refers to `` complete '' ... Why was n't Halloween II included in the box set !? The packaging is worth more than movies . Furthermore , when my wife and I had people over to watch the Halloween Box set , we could n't watch Halloween II ... I know , should n't assume ... Total scam ...
 The first one in the series of -LRB- so far ? -RRB- seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today 's public , it rather appears as a comedy.There is barely any blood in it , and Michael Myers is easy to knock down -LRB- even though he does n't die , of course ... -RRB- by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who , by the way , look like herself , she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.The real surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who Michael Myers really is !
 I really like the original `` Halloween '' in all it 's 70s glory so when I went off to college that was one of the movies I had to have . So just to let you know my review is not about the movie but how it was re-mastered . I HATE THIS DIGITALLY MASTERED VERSION !!! On the back it says `` This is Halloween like you 've never SEEN or heard it before ! `` That 's true ... You ca n't SEE anything ! Everything is so dark and smooth looking.And seeing that a lot of the scenes happen at night , if you have n't seen this movie before you would be totally lost!The sound quality is good and I do like the Special Features . But overall not happy with this buy.If anyone knows of a Halloween DVD that 's not re-mastered let me know .
 Okay ... maybe I 'm just dumb , but why would n't a 30 year anniversary box set contain ALL of the releases over the past 30 years , whether stellar , crappy or or just a decent waste of time ? Why not include the extended `` TV '' version of Halloween along with the modified `` TV '' version of Halloween II -LRB- does n't exist on VHS or disc -RRB- , along with all the original theatrical realeases thru Resurrection -LRB- all in Hi-Def , with Blu-Ray counterparts -RRB- ? THAT , to me , would be a true 30th anniversary box set . 5 stars for Halloween and Halloween II , 4 stars for Halloween H20 -LRB- # 7 -RRB- , 3 stars for # 3 -LRB- Season of the Witch -RRB- , 4 , 5 -LRB- never watched # 6 -RRB- , and Resurrection -LRB- # 8 -RRB- , and honestly 4 stars overall for the entire series -- I know , it does n't average out right , but honestly it is a fun series despite the huge cheesy acting factor in most of the films . Are they waiting for the 50th anniversary to do that ? We wo n't care anymore . 1 star for what they 've done to the fans with this ridiculous box set.Sorry , but I 'd rather collect these individually and put them in a regular box . : - PSide note
 The reason I gave this two stars is
 This is not at all what we thought it was . The first three movies are same . 1 is a Blue-Ray . 2 is a DVD version of the original film . 3 is an Extended Version . 4 is a documentry Disc . 5 is Holloween 4 and disc 5 is Holloween 5 . So we are missing movies 2 and 3 . We thought we were getting the first six films . MY BAD ... . Do n't waste your money if you think your getting the first six films !!!
 What is the point of just releasing what has already been released ? The only thing that is new here is the extended edition of Halloween . To Anchor Bay , when are the special , or Divimax , editions , of Curse Of , H20 , & Resurrections , coming out ?
 A Comparative Analysis : For the last week or two , I 've been checking out various horror movies . I 've never really been a big horror fan , but it all started when I recently watched John Carpenter 's The Thing . I found the movie to be suprisingly good and decided to seek out some of his other movies . At the same time , I 've been researching Ed Gein , so I 've also been watching quite a number of other movies . That said , when I stumbled onto Halloween , I was severely disappointed . I found this movie to be quite boring . Halloween struck me as dull , much like the Friday the 13th series . For movies of a similar era , I would recommend The Thing , The Shining or even Texas Chainsaw Massacre -LRB- note
 okay I like a lot of Movies but this Movie Halloween , along with The Human Centipede are the worst ones ever made . This film was made in 1978 and I thought it would be a nice scary film with plenty of scares and gore boy was i wrong . I rented this movie to see if it was worth a buy no not worth it to me comeon Michael Myers scary no way . He looks like some weirdo who wears a plastic mask.The acting in this film blew the charecters were eh and I am like this film is no good.I wont buy this film cause it is a bomb and not in a good way . If you want to see a scary movie with a scarier killer in it watch A Nightmare on Elm Street with Freddy Kreuger in it or the Friday the 13th films with Jason Voorhees in it.I mean The Texas Chainsaw Massacre movie from 1974 was way better then this pile of utter trash the only thing i liked about this film was when it ended . i give this lousy film 1 star if i could give it 0 stars I would so not worth it . THis looks like a PG13 film other then the nudity of course . This film isnt scary does n't give Horror movie lovers like me the gore and the scares that we want the only thing this film has going for it is the nude scene with the woman . Thats not saying much . This film is way way overrated for those people that gave this film 3 stars and up must not like gory horror films with a good story o well to each his or her own I suppose .
 `` What ??? He gave this classic masterpiece 2 stars ?!? `` Is that whats racing through your so called brain?This film has been heralded as great horror , but its nearly as stupid , boring , and insulting to one 's intelligence as some of todays worse slasher movies.This original version of the movie , unlike the Excorcist , does not stand the test of time.And why is that ? Well , i hear time and time again , that this movie is a such a great essential classic . Being essential and classic doesnt apparently mean its truly great , becouse the acting is very bad in this movie . The script is dumb and the characters arent interesting or likeable.Its not as annoying and insulting as something like Halloween : Ressurection . -LRB- a zero star movie -RRB- but its certainly NOT the great film its touted to be.And we hear `` CLASSIC MASTERPIECE '' over and over again in the same sentence as the title . But i honestly feel the people caling it that are just stuck on the fact that its suppost to be this `` great classic '' and dont or refuse to see it for what it is ... a B-movie . Maybe it got popular becouse of the fact that in the late 70s , a movie with a killer in a mask like that , killing kids and people with a butcher knife was kind of a fresh idea . But as a movie , you cant deny how poor it is.It might be a classic old horror movie that sparked lots of trends , but this is NOT deserving of the word '' MASTERPIECE '' . Thats a complete lie.But people and critics keep saying it and saying it , but their words dont have meaning becouse it doesnt match up with the movie.The genre of `` HORROR/SLASHER '' movies hasnt been the most respected or acclaimed genres out there , to say the least . And i suppose within the relm of the endless sea of stupid gore fest slasher films , this must be the Father of them all and so its reveared as such a ` great ' thing . But if you see it as a film , its not very good , and you dont even have to be some purist film critic snob . Anyone can see that fact.The music , the resounding piano theme is memorable and is classic.The legend that has become Michael Myers through out the years has grown beyond the depiction found in the original film . Michael Myers is not very impressive at all in this movie . He sounds allmost like an ape , how he breathes through the mask . And he just seems like he is mentally handicapped more than he is psychotic.And the ` teenagers ' in this movie all look like they are allmost 30 , like they should be outta college or something . Not convincing AT ALL as highschool kids.But all that is just side complaints . The movie itself is just boring , and i had to force myself almost to watch it in its entirity and give it a proper chance before i made final judgment of it.The image of Michael Myers and his theme music is what is truly legendary and haunting to this day ... Not this film.Despite the ` popular critics ' view , the recently re-telling of the film , directed by Rob Zombie , titled `` HALLOWEEN '' . is far more superior film , that brings actual weight and respect to that legendary killer ... MICHAEL MYERS.Out of respect for John Carpenter and his original film , watch this original movie made in 1978 . But FIRST , if you have a choice for which to see first , id saysee the Rob Zombie re-telling of `` HALLOWEEN '' , first , that is a deep , emotional , and truly horrific piece of work , that captures the sheer intensity of what became the legend of Michael Myers that rises above and beyond the original , while stil giving it much respect . Rob Zombie delivers something awesome that truly and finally lives up to such a haunting legend ... something neither the orginal or ANY of the sequals have EVER done , nor could do.Im no fancy critic , but im giving this 2 and half stars ... the half is for its originality at the time , with its theme and character .
 The most overrated horror movie ever , Michael Myers kills his sister and on Halloween 1978 , he returns to kill his other sister Laurie a babysitter , she must protect her kid she is babysitting before Michael kills them both.The plot is original and the movie dose n't need gore to be scary , but this boring low budget mess is not worth it , The Divimax 25th Anniversary Edition DVD is alright but lacking deleted scenes.Don ' t waste your money on a rental or buying .
 I 'm sorry but I just do n't see why everybody loves this movie . Do n't get me wrong , I love horror movies , but Halloween is just pointless . I just ca n't get into a movie where the killer ca n't die . They 've got to have some sort of weakness . I could hardly stay awake for this film . Personally I like horror movies like Evil Dead , The Re-Animator , and Suspiria a lot better than this ...
 I know Halloween is a classic , but it would be nice if it was a good classic . This is the second worst movie I 've ever seen -LRB- the worst is Friday The 13th -RRB- . I like to watch horror movies but watching this is just a wast of time . Almost the whole movie is boring , it 's not scary at all and it 's just very poorly made . If you want something scary go buy The Amityville Horror , that movie is good . Halloween does not deserve to be a classic , so do n't waste your time and money !
 good movie but not that goodddddddddd . jamie lee curtis is good in this movieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.i guess see it not scary .
 Everybody says that this is such a good movie . I heard that this is better than Halloween H20 . Well , that 's good , but this is n't . I 'm sorry , but I do n't like this !
 I do n't understand what people saw in this movie . I bought the movie because it was cheap and I was looking for a good horror movie to add to my collection because I am a big fan of the genre . However , the movie itself was a huge disappointment . It was very slow moving , not scary and overall , the plot was weak . It basically is about a mass murdering other worldly person named Micheal Myers who goes around and slaughters people for no reason but to kill . Not only are there not many kills but hardly anything happens in this movie and it was just very boring . There was almost no action except for the final encounter at the end . Critics said this was one of the best and most scariest horror movies made . They were dead wrong . To name anything positive about the film , I liked Micheal Myers theme song but that 's it .
 This is the worst movie of all time . I rented it once , and let me tell you , I almost tossed my PSP at the wall . It was just way to scary . It was scary +100 . My sister almost peed her pants when she saw it . If you have any mind at all , do n't buy -LRB- that is , of course , you 're still wearing diapers -RRB- .
 What keeps this set from being THE definitive one has been already discussed . Why the limited edition version from a few years back -LRB- that included 11 + minutes of extra footage -RRB- was n't used is beyond me . If that was n't a kick in the stomach enough , they messed with the color pallet , more specifically the blues and oranges , and totally washed them out . The extras found on other editions should have been included here , if for no other reason than to have an `` ultimate '' edition . Anchor Bay seems content to scatter the goodies and shame on them for it . So right away , this version has 2 stars taken off.The extras on this edition , the 80 + min documentary , commentary , 10min featurette and 16 page booklet , are the only things that keep this a 2 star rated set rather than the 1 star I was going to give it.I borrowed this version from a friend and sadly say as much as the extras are well worth the price , I refuse to give Anchor Bay another cent . I am tired of these companies continually preying on fans . They parade version after version out just to whet our appetite enough to buy another copy of something we already have . If all they want to do is sell us more extras , why do n't they just do like they did for the first Matrix movie and put out a DVD that is nothing more than extra features not available on the original release ? At the very list , if they must continue to bilk us for cash , atleast give us a transfer of the film that is better quality , not less quality , than what we already have .
 I have the prior limited edition from 1999 , which includes a very nice transfer indeed . I bought this edition for the commentary , but was also expecting an improved transfer , given the comments on the front of the disc . Nope . It 's a loser . What a shame that they could n't get the color timing right or improve on their prior four-year-old edition . Very hard to understand given the popularity of this title . .
 Do not waste your time purchasing this unless you want an inferior version ! The divimax version is far superior to this . It is slightly more expensive though , so unless you do n't care about owning the best possible version available on DVD then this version should be an option.This has been about the sixth time Anchor Bay has released this movie , and the same amount of times that I 've purchased it . I 've never been disappointed with the new version they put out , until now ! As soon as I started watching it I realized it was very inferior to the version I 've been watching the last couple of years - the Divimax version.So leave it up to what your DVD standards are and purchase this version to save some $ and get a decent looking version , or buy theHalloween -LRB- Divimax 25th Anniversary Edition -RRB- and own a great quality DVD with plenty of features!J
 First , let me say that I love &#34; Halloween &#34; so this review is not about the movie itself.I purchased this DVD new . Upon inspection , both discs appeared to have bounced around the case many times . Both discs were scratched and stained and even appeared to have fingerprints on them . The center disc holder was broken on both sides , which may account for the disc damage.I am playing the movie as I write this and it appears that it is in acceptable shape . However , when you purchase something &#34; new &#34; , you expect &#34; new &#34; quality.I love the movie . I hate the fact that my product was damaged and , possibly , used .
 This one is definitley the mother of slasher films . But why ? This movie is packed with cheap acting , dull score , bad editing , and a real no - good thrills . I appreiciate John Carpenter 's work , but it 's so overrated ! One of the most overrated films I 've seen . But the thing I liked is that scenes that you can see in Scream , I Know What You Did Last Summer , or other slasher flix were started in this film . For example , when Mike Meyers was wounded , Jamie Lee Curtis looked around towards another place and when he looked at the place where Mike Meyers was lying down , he 's not there ! Nice try Carpenter , but sorry for giving you 2 stars !
 This Halloween movie is the one that started it all . It was okay . The effects were fake . I personally do n't think it was so good . Halloween 2 was a little better , but Halloween 4 was the one that really started it all !
 I 'm into everything having to do with Halloween . But there 's no way I 'd pay this much -LRB- fiddy bucks -RRB- for this `` Package '' .
 Halloween itself was EXCELLENT no questions but where 's the closed captioned ??? I thought restored limited edition will provide everything including Closed-captioned ... this seem like a last minute distribution ! If I were them , I 'd better double check before sell them to my valuable customers ! Please do insert Closed-captioned as soon as possible . You can retitle `` Re-Restored Limited Edition '' and keep in your mind it 's the laws !
 The extended version is 104 minutes . Look it up !
 It appears that this release is simply the theatrical version of the movie , which I ca n't say I prefer . I really enjoyed the extra material that they shot for the television release , which puts it at 104 minutes as opposed to 91 minutes of the theatrical version . For me , thus far , the only good version of Halloween on DVD came when they released the extended version on DVD some time ago . With it , it included the R-version of the film , which is discernable by watching the opening scene with Michael in the mask , with no edit and overlayed template to mask his sisters breasts as he brings the knife down . I am sure the new release will be welcomed by some , due to the new transfer and captioning , but I ca n't say that I will be buying this one .
 The transfer to DVD is very poor -LRB- worse I have seen yet -RRB- . There are so many artifacts in the video as well as black portions of the letter box that is can be quite distracting . The movie is a great movie but save the dough and by it on VHS or see in when it is on cable .
 I always loved the Halloween movies . The problem with the 25th anniversary DVD is , it does n't have any of the original edited seens . There is about 10 minutes that has been cut from the movie . -LRB- very important parts -RRB- . All of my other DVD 's have the outtakes from the original movies . I do n't understand why they did n't include these in the 25th anniversary edition . Without them , there is no understanding the movie at all . It 's just another slasher movie with no plot . I was very disappointed . It 's not worth the money that they are selling it for .
 OK , I LOVE Halloween , it remains to this day as one of my favorite movies to date . I have both the 1978 and 2007 versions . I have the latest DVD of the 1978 version , and I am happy enough with that one as it is . But this set it $ 70 for something you already own as well as not H2 but 4 and 5 . C'mon , Mr. Carpenter . I already own a DVD of your classic horror masterpiece , I DO N'T NEED ANOTHER ONE . You 're becoming just as bad as George Lucas and the Star Wars movies . Simply put , this does n't bring ANYTHING new to the table . It 's just another case of Anchor Bay going through the motions because it 's time to make more $ $ $ again . Quite frankly , if you already own the movie , you do n't need to buy this .
 just a tip that box set IS NOT worth it . If you want all the movies > walmart has halloween 1 for $ 10 , H-2 , H-3 combo pack for i think $ 8.00 and then theres BEst bUY whom has H-4 , H-5 for $ 15 ea . Walmart just got in recently a NEW odd never seen b4 till recent a box set of Halloween 6 , 7 , 8 combo for $ 15 . -LRB- if you can find it ? -RRB- though i did see it once at a walmart near me . Buy it if yur a hard core fan . Good $ price for 3 movies !! Plus just about anywhere has the 2007 vs of halloween for about $ 20 i think . so for bout $ 85 you can get all the Halloween movies if you got the $ $ $ and are a hard core fan ! SOOOO wish a produceers cut of H = 6 would come out . I heard its about 45min of additional footage that the theatrical release didnt show ?? for whatever reason ... SO there you go ... AND another Halloween movie a sequal from last years -LRB- 2007 -RRB- will be out in 2009 i heard > ?? who knows the more remakes and or ssequals they make there just ruining what few great halloween movies there are currently . If there going to make a sequal make one w / john -LRB- josh hartnett -RRB- lauries son coming back and facing michael one last time or something like that . who knows what those joker producers will end up doing ???
 Be warned , the remastering of the movie might be crystal clear , but it completely erased the wonderful use of the colors blue and orange in Dean Cundy 's photography . No amount of extras are worth a washed out print .
 I am witting this review just incase the people at ANCHOR BAY look at reviews for the crap they issue . First of all ANCHOR BAY nice try , your staff is apparently trying to get it , but STILL HAVE NOT . All of us HALLOWEEN fans want A COMPLETE BOX SET , you know `` Halloween '' , `` Halloween 2 '' , `` Halloween 3 '' -LRB- Even though `` Halloween 3 '' does n't follow the plot , and is probably one of the worst films ever made . -RRB- `` Halloween 4
 I was anticipating on this set even though I have every one of the Halloween movies on DVD . I was hoping for a complete set but I guess that 's not possible since Anchor Bay do n't own the rights to Halloween II or H20 . Most of all what 's even MORE DISAPPOINTING is the fact that Anchor Bay have released Halloween so many times and they still do n't even release the original movie and the Extended aka as the TV Version with -LSB- CC -RSB- CLOSED CAPTIONING for the Deaf & Hearing Impaired or have any SUBTITLES , even Halloween BLURAY is not -LSB- CC -RSB- or subtitles . Anchor Bay seem to be lazy and not release a proper release with extras , an uncut version or extra footage along with everything CLOSED CAPTION ... I wish they get it right for once and quit do with the lazy and quick put together set , believe me the mask and box set idea is pretty lame and an embarrassment .
 The first one in the series of -LRB- so far ? -RRB- seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today 's public , it rather appears as a comedy.There is barely any blood in it , and Michael Myers is easy to knock down -LRB- even though he does n't die , of course ... -RRB- by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who , by the way , look like herself , she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.The real surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who Michael Myers really is !
 Another release of Halloween ? Is Anchor Bay going bankrupt or something ? What 's the point of this ? How many more releases of this movie do we need ? Please , stop the insanity , and money grubbing .
 Actually , they did n't include ALL the Halloween movies . They included the first 5 movies that are , according to some , the best of the series . They did not include the last three movies
 Well , I liked the music in it , it was really good , but , sadly , it lacks a lot of Michael Myers . What I mean is , it does n't show his face/mask a lot . Plus , Michael Myers is just plain looking , Jason and Freddy are more dead and scarier than this . But , the score was great , and the whole concept was good . Another thing , the body count was too low ! Jason usually takes out 10 to 20 people in every one of his movies . And plus , Michael Myers should have been played by Kane Hodder , than he would have been a lot creepier than whoever plays Myers now . Jamie Lee Curtis was an extremely bad actor , and her voice was just too manly ! So , I 'd really only recommend this because you need to watch it to understand the whole concept and because it has an excellent score , but if you understand the whole thing already -LRB- I mean , before seeing any of the movies -RRB- than do not watch this .
 First off , let me state I 've always loved Anchor Bay as a company since they first started releasing some of the most hard to find horror titles around that some of us would have never seen . When they announced they were coming out with a 30th Anniversary Edition , I almost fell out of my chair . With that said , this 30th Anniversary Box Set of Halloween is one of their lowest points in the company 's history . It seems they wanted to re-release the SE Halloween some time ago -LRB- they watch Ebay also and noticed the ridiculous prices consumers were paying for it -RRB- but did n't want to give it away for the $ 15 - $ 20 it should command . So then they decided to throw in the 2 movies they have rights to -LRB- to boost up the price -RRB- . Add a BR version -LRB- which was coming out anyway -RRB- and a flimsy mask and they have their price -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- . In these hard financial times , a $ 50 box set -LRB- which is n't even complete -RRB- should be boycotted at all costs . This is the same marketing tactics used on the releases of Grindhouse -LRB- `` let 's make 2 separate DVDs of both movies '' -RRB- and The Reanimator -LRB- `` let 's re-release the same DVD every 5th year '' -RRB- . MESSAGE TO ANCHOR BAY
 Scenes in other dvd releases of Halloween had blue tint to them . The movie also had a fall season look to it . Anchor Bay messed up once again . Sure the picture is sharper , but all the blue tint has been washed out . For example there is a scene where we see a door which is tinted blue , now the door is more white and shows no blue at all . There are a lot more scenes like this as well . The fall season look is gone too . Anchor Bay now has all the grass looking bright green . For them to change the classic vision of the movie is pathetic . The only reason anyone should buy this is because of the extras . If you want the movie with a great transfer check out the LE or the restored version . This supposedly great dvd also does not have the extended version . WAY TO GO ANCHOR BAY !
 I really want to purchase one ultimate version of this movie but they just wo n't give it to us . The Criterion laser disc has one of the best running commentaries that I 've heard and I will not recommend any DVD until it includes all that I heard on laser disc four years ago .
 This review is for the high definition disc only . This is a really good movie that is one of the standards of excellence for very low budget motion pictures , but this high definition transfer is unwatchable . The colors are ugly and wrong . In addition , the excessive use of digital grain reduction technology has both softened the picture and robbed it of much of the detail in the image . Looks like something that was done by amateurs on a home system . Extremely poor and should be avoided -- The worst transfer to high def disc that I have seen .
 John Carpenter is usually regardede as one of the great directors of the genre , but I find him terribly overrated . In the seventies and early eighties he had a good grip on suspense , his movies were mostly amateurish , but inciting . Today one would expect him to be a professional , but he 's still directing pure dilettantism , lacking the enthusiasm of his earlier work.Although Halloween is quite scary , in a somewhat childish but effective way , the ethichs are really the most terrifying thing about it , hilarious and monstrous at the same time
 cmon r u serious . greatest horror movie ever my ass . it was prolly good in 78 but it doesnt compare 2 some of the movies today . i meen all the reviews for scream said it was pathetic but it sure was a hell of a lot better than this . i thought it was scarier than this 2 and it wasnt that scary itself .
 Buyer Beware ! This edition is hideous . The extras are good , but the actual film has been butchered . The colors are all wrong . . I could go on & on . Anchor Bay should just re-release the 2 disc special edition & be done with it ! Stay away from this one -- try the previous edition instead .
 I watched the 1978 film `` Halloween '' a while ago and was thoroughly disappointed in it . It 's not scary , it 's slow moving and there 's basically no plot whatsoever . It rips off of ` The Exorcist ' -LRB- vastly superior to this film -RRB- . The detective in this movie is a complete knock-off of the detective in ` The Exorcist ' , -LRB- same accents , same appearance -RRB- . Overall , `` Halloween '' is pretty , well , hollow . Give it a rent if you 're a horror buff .
 This movie is great . It is highly terrifying , highly suspenseful , and has an engrossing plot . That of a child killer , put in an asylum for the criminally insane , escaping , and going back to the hometown he came from to seek revenge and recompensation . The methods and ways he kills in many ways seem to almost bring out the fear of `` what if ... '' one of the childhood killers of this day were to get out . Its over 20 years old but it is the BEST in the series -LRB- I have seen them all -RRB-
 Probably the most overrated horror film of all time is n't as dull as the numerous clones `` inspired '' by it , but just comes to me as mediocre and not the spectacular chiller critics described it as.There is n't much to say . Michael Myers is the masked killer stalking teenagers on Halloween night . He 's somewhat scary with his pale-faced mask and hidden face , but like the rest of this movie and unlike most good but cheap horror films -LRB- Night of the Living Dead comes to mind -RRB- , the low production values do n't add to the suspense ; they make us imagine how much better the movie could 've been . His opening origin scene is certainly scary . After his first killing as an innocent child , he 's been imprisoned in an asylum for fifteen years . He escapes on Halloween night and immediately finds his hometown where he 'll find his sister , and even buys a knife and mask , no problem . This would be instantly forgivable if what I 'm about to say in the next paragraph was n't true.Once we see young Jamie Lee Curtis as Michael 's teenage sister , things slow way down from there . Way down . The movie is just the sister and her teenage friends talking about , well , teenage things . This goes on forever , but every five minutes we do see Michael again , foreshadowing the horror about to happen . But it barely does happen . That 's the movie for ya
 Anyone who thinks this is a `` definitive '' version or a `` director 's cut '' is sadly misinformed . For the record , Carpenter filmed these ` extra ' scenes for tv as the censors had cut so much material from the theatrical release that it would n't fill the necessary time-slot . That 's why the ` new ' scenes are not widescreen . Furthermore , and more importantly , Carpenter has said that he HATES these scenes . Just his to his own words on the Criterion LaserDisc commentary . That this version is marketed and hyped is pathetic .
 Okay , i 'll admit that this film has made a pretty good impact on the modern horror spectrum but i simply just do n't see its `` brilliance . '' This , in my opinion , is just one of the better Psycho rip-offs . Michael Meyers looks pretty cool but he 's no match for the quick-witted razor-clawed Freddy Krueger or the lumbering axe-weilding giant that is Jason Voorhees . He 's just a guy in mask . He 's not invincible . Also , let 's check out his motive . Freddy and Jason are both fueled by revenge , Chucky wants to be human again , Leatherface wants to eat , and Pinhead has a job to do . Michael Meyers is just there . Except for upstairs that is . As close as i can figure he 's just nuts . Oh , how exciting . Had there had been a better back story or explanation for Michael 's insanity , why he killed his sister , then this could have been a film worthy of the recognition that movies like THE EVIL DEAD and Hellraiser deserve . Michael 's okay for a little senseless slaughtering on Friday night but he 's just not Norman Bates . Also , do n't get me started on the needless sequels . Hell , this movie is better than all the sequels combined i did n't exactly give the most positive review on this movie . If you 're a must-have horror collector give it a shot . If not , pick up Psycho or Friday the 13th instead .
 When this film was released in 1978 , the disability rights movement was advocating -LRB- much to the shock of the status quo -RRB- that it would be alright if some formerly insitutionalized people were released into mainstream society.Predictably , this caused outraged debate on just who those people would be , and people wondered if they would be okay with all of the new releases milling around . As difficult as it seems by todays standards , some people got themselves whipped into a hysterical frenzy.Even though this movie is really technologically good for 1978 , it does exploit -LRB- now unfounded -RRB- fears about disability . Throughout the movie , we hear about Michael 's disability and the insitution as if he was especially dangerous not because of the nature of his crime , but because of the fact that he was formerly instutionalized.As a disabled person , I ca n't help but be offended at the tone of the movie . While my 1979 birth meant that I never had the slightest chance of being sent to a menal institution , I know enough social history to understand it was quite common in older generations . The movie carries on this unelightenment by implying that only bad people are held there.It is worth noting in the 1980 's when fellow franchise Nightmare on Elm Street was made , the fact that Freddy Kruger also had some personal problems was not as capitalized . Instead , it was examined and treated as a criminal act to the best of the communitie 's abilities .
 The first one in the series of -LRB- so far ? -RRB- seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today 's public , it rather appears as a comedy.There is barely any blood in it , and Michael Myers is easy to knock down -LRB- even though he does n't die , of course ... -RRB- by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who , by the way , look like herself , she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.The real surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who Michael Myers really is !
 I saw this B-Movie in the theatre with a fellow film school friend and we sat there easily predicting to eachother what was going to happen next . If you 've seen any slasher films before - you 've seen this one.I like the fact that there is a cheapo culture out there , it often produces some charismatic stuff , but please do n't endow this bland teenager movie with superpowers because when you were a kid you jumped out of your seat.Fortunately for John Carpenter he has a following of people who apparently just ca n't get enough popcorn.I like dumb movies too like the AMAZING COLOSSAL BEAST and I WAS A TEENAGE WEREWOLF but I 'm not about to give them four stars.To anyone that has n't seen this yet but is intrigued by the success of the series I say ring another doorbell - they 're giving out cheap candy over here .
 I thought movies were supposed to have little things called `` plots . '' Well , Halloween has absolutely * no * plot whatsoever . The film is downright boring . The first hour of the film is sooooo boring and slow . The last hour is n't exciting , but it is more suspenseful than the first 60 minutes of the film . I was surprised at how much nudity there was in this film as well . I ca n't imagine a mother -LRB- or father -RRB- letting their child watch this film . It 's gruesome and demented . I did not like one single solitary thing about Halloween . I do not recommend it at all .
 I did not like this film . In fact , I found it to be one of the worst of the famed slashers . It was not at all scary , nor did it have many creative kills -LRB- there was one , in particular , that I did like though -RRB- . I guess at its time , just people getting murdered was scary enough , but not in today 's world . Also , Michael Myers is not supernatural , so why does he not die ? He just keeps coming back to a point of redundancy . Its just dumb and predictably pointless . A cliffhanger ending is an alright lead into the next film , which , I must say , is a much better movie than its predecessor .
 This movie is one of the best I 've ever seen , and to be fair Anchor Bay does put out some good special edition DVDs for this title . However I think its only fair to point out the obvious . This is almost the same DVD that was released back in 1999 -LRB- Halloween
 We all know how funny Black Adder is ; we 've usually seen them countless times before deciding to own the set , but I was stunned by the shoddy video quality BBC Video came out with , and only the cheapest of DVDs these days are produced with no subtitle function at all . Very disappointing ; I will probably return II and III , which have n't been opened . I regretted that their enclosed feedback card was only a viewing survey and had no entry for feedback .
 I LOVE this show , but the image quality is so bad on the DVD that I ca n't watch it . You see even older TV shows like the original Star Trek being enhanced and fiddled with to the point that they feel comfortable putting it on Blu-Ray , but they ca n't at least moderate the crappiness of the video quality on this ? They could have run any number of image enhancing or cleaning programs on it but it looks as if they absolutely did nothing to it at all.It 's ridiculous how bad this looks . As if it was transferred from a VHS tape . I 'm very displeased . I wish I 'd been able to see a screen capture before purchasing it .
 I watched about fifteen minutes of this slapstick travesty and threw it in the trash . Really enjoyed Black Adder II . Having seen other episodes from other seasons that I liked , this was a surprise . Viewer , pay attention to other reviews . I did n't . I was warned . Do not rent or buy .
 Try Mr. Bean instead , much better comedy and more up to date sound quality . Good british humor for the average American .
 I started watching Black Adder with `` Black Adder 3 '' and loved it ! Had I started with this series , though , I never would have bothered watching the others . I have this series only because it was part of the complete set . I watched through it once and have never had the desire to watch this series again.I would urge all Black Adder fans that if you are ever trying to get a friend interested in the series , DO NOT show them this one first .
 I am not sure what to make of this series . If it was supposed to be humor and have satire comedy in it , I do n't get it .
 The first was kinda funny in spots , but painful to watch the rest of the season . I kept thinking it would get funny , it did n't . Do n't waste your time on this season .
 This film has the dubious honor to be included in the book `` The 50 worst films of all time '' . It is definently not one of those , but one can hardly call it a proper film , either . It is rather a loose framework in which 12 new songs could be presented in a more or less natural manner . A great-great-grandfather of music videos , and better than some of those !
 `` Spinout '' -LRB- 1966 -RRB- represents the nadir of Elvis Cinema - a bad sitcom without the laugh track . The only redeeming features are a few memorable songs , such as `` I 'll Be Back '' and `` Stop , Look and Listen . '' Buy the soundtrack and skip the movie .
 SPINOUT is another hard movie to sit through , thanks to the weak dialogue and even weaker storyline.Elvis plays a singing race car driver -LRB- for the second time -RRB- , who is being chased by three women . These include a spoiled brat -LRB- Shelley Fabares -RRB- , an erotic author -LRB- Diane McBain -RRB- , and his own drummer -LRB- Deborah Walley -RRB- . The music is actually listenable in this picture . Highlights include `` Stop , Look , and Listen '' and `` I 'll Be Back '' . Elvis appears to be sleepwalking through this one . His appearance is also disturbing
 This is not Presley 's best vehicle but by this outing he was not being allowed to act anyway so he appears to be just going though the motions . The movie songs are not a real treat either , he seems to be singing to everyone including his enemies . -LRB- Where does the music come from when he sings anyway -RRB- . When asked to do this movie Presley should have `` JUST SAID NO '' !!!
 The best things about this heavily formula vehicle are -LRB- 1 -RRB- Elvis ' opening production numbers -LRB- including a nicely staged `` Adam And Evil '' -RRB- ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- Deborah Walley 's `` girl drummer '' role ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the Deusenberg ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- Elvis ' closing production number , the medium walking blues `` I 'll Be Back '' . Everything else is redundant .
 Three lovely young ladies all want Elvis ' gearstick in this craptastic musical comedy that 's so bad it ROCKS ! I just love the title song sequence where Les and the guys ` provide ' Elvis with '' ... lots and lots of girls . '' And who was that chick , the blonde with the short cropped hair who literally shoves all the other chikadees aside to get up and spinout with the King ? She looks like she 's out to prove she can really score , and I never saw parts move like that before ! Elvis looks embarrassed . Anyway , after you 've crossed those double lines and Spinout you will want to do so again and again and again . Simply awful , but I mean that in a great way .
 These DVDs are absolutely rip offs . M-1 had some great fights , however you only see the action that was on broadcast TV . Each of these only come with 5 fights and many cut out rounds 1 and 2 . The DVD 's only hold about 50 minutes of action . I am a big time MMA Fan and these DVDs are just not worth it . HDNET should have bundled the fights together and made compilation DVDs
 Odin
 Now you can finally cure your insomnia without the use of potentially habit-forming pills , and with no side-effects whatsoever ! Just pop this disc in your DVD player , plop yourself down in a comfortable chair -LRB- or even an UNcomfortable chair -RRB- in front of your TV set and push PLAY . The producers of Odin
 The Show Is Great But It Is Only One Episode That Was Already Released In The Ultimate Collection ... Beware
 Was really looking forward to this , but the result is deeply disappointing . The picture quality is dark and washed out , while the sound quality is often warped and distorted . Sad .
 One of the CD 's arrived damaged - cracked and unable to use . It was a gift for my husband which make it worse . Amazon should replace thr CC for me , but to offer so far .
 I ordered two copies of this product and neither would play on either of my cd players . Returning the product was also a hassle . I am not sure that it was ever resolved after all my efforts .
 Earthshock is easily one of the most overrated episodes of Doctor Who ever made . Why this lame `` action '' - adventure is more appreciated than cerebral stuff like The Aztecs and Kinda is a mystery to me ... But then , I often disagree with those fans who like Doctor Who best when it 's `` scary '' and focused on monsters . I 've never found Doctor Who to be scary , and most of its action and horror sequences fall flat -LRB- with the exception of certain scenes from the Pertwee era , which had some nice stunt work -RRB- . And though it may be tempting to compare Earthshock with Hollywood movies like Aliens , I 'm afraid that Doctor Who becomes laughable when viewed on such terms.So , while Doctor Who often has very creative imagery , it is definitely not a spectacle-based program . To succeed , it requires brains and a -LRB- properly controlled -RRB- sense of humor . Earthshock is not particularly intelligent ; the plot has massive holes , and the characters are underdeveloped . And it is almost totally humorless . Really , this plays out more like a bad episode of Star Trek
 This is a workaday pastiche of prior Cybermen episodes , most notably `` Revenge of the Cybermen . '' At an apparent loss to add anything novel to the franchise , the writers turn this into a general shoot-em-up , in the process flouting three longstanding traditions in the series :1 . Cybermen can not be shot down ; only gold is `` hostile to their function . `` 2 . Firearms will not work in the TARDIS .3 . The Doctor does not shoot his enemy with a firearm ; certainly not at point-blank range.Robert Holmes was the heart and soul of this TV program . Virtually every story he wrote or edited is worthwhile , and virtually every story that was made without his input is mere flummery -LRB- `` City of Death '' is the notable exception -RRB- . His was the `` larger consciousness '' that could breathe life into such wildly improbable characters . Consider `` Revenge of the Cybermen ''
 There 's a difference between camp and just plain bad . This movie is not camp . There are too many serious scenes in this movie for it to be camp . Even camp has a sense of innocence . There is too much ugliness in this film for that.You can tell that most of the actors in the movie are competent , and , except for Elizabeth Berkley , they protect their reputations . Gina Gershon is wonderful as Crystal Connors . She actually ACTS!Glenn Plummer is great as James Smith . He 's likeable at first , and we think he 'll become a romantic lead , but no , the film dispenses with romance and casts him aside . Ugh!This film proves that even a multitude of perfect bodies can not save a bad film , nor bring it into the `` camp '' category.What 's most sad about this movie is that there is no sexual tension in it . I did n't find it erotic at all . With such a beautiful cast as ammunition , the director does n't hit the target once . It 's all just a lot of naked , senseless flailing.And then there 's the dancing . All angry Nazi jerks and snaps , and no smoothness -- no sense of the erotic . All anger , no seduction . Yuck.I was hoping for a turn-on , and got nothing . Honest porn is better .
 ... only someone emerging from total isolation in a cave somewhere , and then being shown `` Showgirls '' as the first movie they had ever seen in their life , would even consider recommending it to someone else -LRB- and even then it 'd be a stretch -RRB- . Synopsis ? Let 's see - horrible acting , terrible and uninteresting plot , unsympathetic characters . In short , the WORST MOVIE EVER MADE . It 's a shame Amazon wo n't let me give this a ZERO STAR RATING because even that is more than it deserves .
 ... Not as unbelievable as `` Pretty Woman '' , but certainly better acted than anything Juliet Roberts puts out . Seriously , even as camp , this one stinks
 Poor writing and bad acting can certainly make for an enjoyable camp romp . Unfortunately , this movie did not manage to achieve that level for me . For the most part , I found the lead female character -LRB- `` Nomi '' -RRB- to be unappealing , and disagreeable , which made it impossible to care very much about the story . She was a total turn-off . The lowest point in the entire film however is when the one truly decent human , the lead character 's main friend `` Molly '' , is brutally raped in a particularly revolting scene . This in turn leads to a completely ridiculous retribution scene dealt out by the wretched `` Nomi '' . Which then leads to the best part of this film - THE END .
 This movie is a modern day miracle . It is chalk-full of beautiful women and nudity but somehow manages to be anything but sexy . The story is silly . The acting is bad . The sex is not a turn on . I basically rented this movie because I 've got a thing for Gina Gershon , yet somehow they managed to make her naked and unsexy . Sigh , I should have just watched ` Bound ' again . Do n't waste your time .
 Plan 9 From Outer Space was worse than this steaming pile , but they did n't have the lavish budget to waste that this one did.Every show biz cliche imaginable is dragged out , but in such a clumsy , trying-but-failing-to-be-manipulative way , that your jaw drops to the floor , and you are entertained , almost against your will . Also , there are really spectacular dance scenes , and lots of female flesh for the eyes to feast on.But the story and the dialogue and the direction are stupid . The red haired actor who plays the choreographer also played the Wig Master for Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat on an episode of Seinfeld . Kramer somehow misses seeing the show and as consolation , is allowed to walk down Broadway wearing the Tecnicolor Dreamcoat . He is then mistaken for a pimp and arrested . Perhaps that whole sequence was intended as an homage to Showgirls , and one can only wish that Joe Esterhauz could have been arrested for pimpin ' this ridiculous movie .
 This review is in regard to the special &#8220; VIP Limited Edition &#8221; box set of the movie Showgirls.I can not speak to the point about the special features offered on this disc because the disc would not load . When the box set arrived to me I tried to play the disc in &#8220; FIVE &#8221; different DVD players all U.S. -LSB- region 1 -RSB- unmodified machines , all less than a year old , and the disc would not load in any of them.The disc did not appear to be damaged or scratched so it makes me think it may be an encoding or content error . It may have just been my disc , but I have had problems with MGM DVDs in the past , IMHO this company is the pits when it comes to DVD production.I think that it is also worth mentioning that this latest release of Showgirls has no deleted scenes or extra footage unlike the recent re-release of Wild Things . I was a fan of the original &#8220; so bad , it &#8217; s good &#8221; movie , but unless you need some shot glasses and pasties , I would just stick with the original -LSB- less expensive -RSB- DVD release since like I said this version ads no new footage/scenes to the actual movie itself.So just FYI , buyer beware , YMMV , etc , etc ; - -RRB-
 Why women are continually looked upon as sex object and why they continually get assulted ... good grief people , why do we wonder about these things ? Women , KEEP YOUR FRICKING CLOTHES ON !
 I do n't like this film and because of it , it gave me a different perspective of the original as an immature movie.It 's great for adults but anyone under 17 do n't watch it i guarntee you thatI am 13 years old , so pretty please with a cherry on top , recommend my review PLEEEEEEEEEEASE or else !
 This movie is about a woman who goes to Las Vegas to try gambling but instead becomes a prostitute.If the nudity could be removed I believe this could be an exciting thriller about gambling . Instead it is really just like a silly soap opera with lots of nudity.Because of the large amount of nudity in this film I would n't recommend it for children or women .
 ... aware of the overwhelming critical howls this movie garnered , I decided to rent it of curiousity only after reading a recent review on Salon.com praising this film for becoming a `` camp classic '' and veiled social commentary.Well , if you say so . Elizabeth Berkley is the single most god-awful actress I 've ever laid eyes upon , a study in constant overacting and limited facial expressions -LRB- she has about 3 of them -RRB- ... she makes Madonna seem like Meryl Streep ! Equally appalling is that for someone who 's supposed to be playing a stripper/dancer , Berkeley 's wide , flopping and prematurely cellulite-ridden backside is almost as ludicrous as her acting ability -- almost all of the supporting actresses and random extras are better built ... and probably better actresses too . Hell , Flipper the Whale could probably outact Berkley ; she 's so awful that I could barely restrain myself from throwing things at the TV screen.Just about every character , every line of dialogue , and every scene in this movie is a cliche that we 've seen a million times before in a million different TV movies , soap operas , especially lousy B-movies , and cheesy Hollywood blockbusters.Maybe Verhoeven/Ezterhas , who brought us the far better `` Basic Instinct , '' really did intend this film to be one big campy joke ... regardless of whether one buys into that revisionist viewpoint , this film requires either a strong stomach or copious amounts of alcohol/marijuana/hallucinogenics to get through ! Bleh .
 Showgirls starring Elizabeth Berkley is complete and utter trash but this film does have cult-status so I give it two stars instead of one . Berkley is no actress , she was n't even that good on Saved by the Bell . Kyle MacLachlan always plays a creep well but otherwise than that Showgirls lacks sensuality . Horrible film from a good director .
 There are bad movies and then there are bad movies which are sobad thier fascinating to watch over and over again.Who knew Verhovencould direct such a diabolical piece of trash ? Who would have thoughtBerkley would ever play such a part -LRB- Im sure she was trying to distance herself from her Saved By The Bell image -RRB- ? This movie is fascinating in that its portrayed as a serious drama but it all comes out in a very funny way.Terrible acting all around and a truly bad script.This is the Plan 9 From Outer Space of the nineties .
 This movie is now promoted as being `` camp '' but not so when it debuted . Even Gina Gershon thought the script was camp , only realizing it was n't shortly after filming started . Bless her professional heart for not quitting . Liz Berkley is not only an awful actress but a horrible dancer . I lost count the number of times she flung out her arms , either in anger or `` dancing . '' Fries over here , ice over there . Her character is supposed to be irrestitable to men & women alike but she looks like a cheap hooker throughout the whole film . Blonde is not her color . And that overbite is not Gene Tieney sexy at all . I have to agree with some of the other reviewers ; her body does n't look so hot when she 's naked , which is frequently . I do n't know why Joe Eszterhaus hates women so much . His films are very mysoginistic . I will give it credit for one of the best -LRB- unintentionally , of course -RRB- movie lines ever . I use it as a joke all the time . `` It 's a versase . '' Versace
 It 's worth watching if you 're a grown-up with a perverse sense of humor . And have a fridge full of beer.Where to start ? This movie is an abortion all the way through . Elizabeth Berkeley pretty much ruined her career by starring in this junk . Even accomplished actors like Robert Davi and Kyle McLachlan are still living it down . The only person who seemed to be enjoying herself is Gina Gershon ; one suspects that she realized how trashy this was , and decided to have fun and give a campy performance as a wink to the audience.One problem some viewers might have is the script 's rampant misogyny . Women are shown as either innocent victims or drug-addled , backstabbing , borderline homicidal whores . Supposedly Paul Verhoeven will have nothing to do with Joe Ester-whatever anymore because of this movie 's misogyny.Of course , when a movie is as badly written as this is , the misogyny is less offensive and more a sign of the limited psyche of those involved , and something to laugh at.The rampant nudity becomes numbing after a while , and even though there 's also a generous amount of male flesh on view , in typical Hollywood sexism , you never get full frontal male nudity in this . Boo.I 'd give this one star for being so bad , but at the same time it 's so amusingly trashy and unintentionally campy that I find it fun for a few drunken laughs . I just saw it this past weekend , at a midnight show in a Washington , DC theater . They provided a keg of beer and we were encouraged to yell at the screen . It was a blast giving this movie the derision it deserves .
 I enjoyed the movie even though I was only able to watch it in segments . The first time I tried to watch it , after about 20 minutes , the screen went to digital gibberish and my DVD player hung up so that I could n't even open the tray to remove the disc or turn off the power . I had to unplug the DVD player , wait , and replug the power cord to remove the disc . Overnight , I decided I needed to replace my DVD player . However , the next morning , I tried a different DVD and it worked fine . It still works fine on all my other DVDs . I complained to your customer service people and they were nice enough to send me a replacement copy of Showgirls . Unfortunately , this one has the same problem . It plays for several minutes and then goes to gibberish and hangs my DVD player . I gave up on the problem at this point and decided to just get through my life without Showgirls . I use my DVD player almost every day and it works fine except when I try to watch Showgirls .
 Even Elizabeth Berkley 's nudity could n't save this movie.It was tasteless and just bad . Period !
 I sat there watching this thing on some cable channel one night and realised to my self that some of the moral highlights and underlining meaning of this film are truely noble , however the fact that most of this film is nothing but a high budgeted smut film with some pretty terrable acting I ca n't really stomach it . I enjoy Verhoeven 's other films such as Robocop , Total Recall , Starship Troopers , Basic Instinct and some of his other less known films , but this film was just trash . Alot of nudity of un-needed nudity and bad scripting of a rather lacking plot made me gag . As for the moral lession of the film you might as well watch a Kevin Smith film such as Dogma or Clerks to get simular moral messages that are in surprisingly good films . But if you like stuff that you can just sit back and get lost in the amount of titilation and air humping then you 'll probably love this film . I recomend this to pretty much no one .
 A beautiful drifter -LRB- Elizabeth Berkeley -RRB- blows into Las Vegas and finds success as the understudy of a big time stripper -LRB- Gina Gershon -RRB- . But at what cost?This film has long had the reputation of being one of the all-time Hollywood turkeys , and I must say that for once a film has lived up to its hype . `` Showgirls '' is such a naked look into the retarded sexuality of screenwriter Joe Ezsterhas and director Paul Verhoeven that it would have made Freud blush . It is , however , good for several unintended laughs . You can definitely enjoy this if you 're in the right frame of mind and do n't harbor any unrealistic expectations -- such as seeing a halfway decent movie .
 Mabey Elizabeth Berkley should go back to Saved By The Bell . OH yeah that show isnt on anymore . Well there is always Taco Bell .
 The People that like this movie are mainly pervs who love T&A even if there is any point to it or not , my advice go rent a porno . This movie is a fun time for the absolute 100 % disaster of it all . The acting is B movie grade , and that even includes Kyle Mchlachlan slumming here -LRB- David Lynch come and save him -RRB- . The story is paper thin and silly , laughably so in fact . This movie received notice only because it was rated NC-17 , which is the main reason I have a loathing for this film . True sincere films that also got hit with this rating suffer from the impression that they like this one are simply brain dead gratuitious trash . Movies about strippers and dancers always suck , it 's just the way it is . Striptease was even worse than this one , with the exception of Burt Reynolds . Watch this movie only for a good laugh , it 's all that it 's worth .
 This film is not as bad as the critics and the public say . This movie bares all and holds nothing back . Elizabeth Berkley 's acting was sometimes repulsive -LRB- and well just plained sucked sometimes -RRB- . This does sometimes feels like its just trying too hard to glamourous . This was also the first NC-17 film to be released nationwide -LRB- in all major cities -RRB- . MPAA Rating
 Big budget , but big on `` stoopid '' as well . The cast had some great potential , but the film flops on the tedious , tantrum filmed performance of its lead
 Showgirls is the most entertaining , -LRB- un-intentionally -RRB- funny movie I have ever seen . From beggining to end , it is filled with cheesy scenes , bad acting , and hilarious dialouge that will have you rolling on the floor ! `` Showgirls '' tries to be sexy , but completely fails . The film is crap , thats why I only gave it two stars , one because it has good production values , and the other just because it honestly is n't worth just one star . But it get five out of five in being entertaining and laugh-out-loud funny !
 I love campy movies , and this borders on camp . But the good thing about real trash classics is that they are basically likeable . There 's nothing likeable about this ! This movie reveals a lot of female flesh . After , oh , about ten minutes of nonstop bare body parts , that gets pretty dull . Then you start to notice the people and the words attached to the nudes ... and , oh my God ... your breath is sucked away by the stupidity of the dialogue and , OK , I 'll say it ! The hideousness of the faces ! As Gene Siskel said about this movie , `` Elizabeth Berkley does n't look good . I 'm talking about her face . '' That 's for sure . When she 's not batting her mascara-encrusted eyelashes , she 's pouting and snarling . Then , when she opens her mouth , she whines or yells . Boy , I sure would like to know her better ! And Kyle McLachlan . Whatever happened to him ? After this disaster , he could n't even get a part on a soap opera . He looks puffy and gross . I do n't know if he was made up to look like a jaded Vegas sleazeball , but I tend to think not . He probably did some major drinking to work up the nerve to do his role . Then , last but not least -LRB- Berkley is the least -RRB- , there 's Gina Gershon , who , I admit , I will never forgive for doing the travesty ` This World , Then The Fireworks ' . What an actress . Do you know what this movie makes me think of ? Rodents . Elizabeth Berkley , in a hilariously un-sexy love scene , slaps her back on the surface of a pool like a beaver tail warning away viewers . And Gina Gershon looks like Bugs Bunny . Who would buy her as Vegas ' top showgirl ? Boy , this review has been disjointed and illiterate , but I found that my IQ slipped about 30 points after watching this movie , and it 'll take some reading Mark Twain or viewing ` The Virgin Spring ' to raise it again .
 I remember whan I saw this one - Upon it 's video release . Blockbuster was practically giving it away with every purchase , and still could n't get rid of it . I watched it twice in a row . The first time , I do n't think I could pry my jaw off the floor . When we are first introduced to `` innocent '' Nomi Malone , she is hitchhiking -LRB- in a Daisy Mae outfit and full cocktails-at-5 makeup -RRB- into a new life in Las Vegas . The Elvis looking guy who picks her up manages to steal all of of her stuff . When the character who will end up being her best friend -LRB- ! -RRB- tries to help , Nomi screams , pouts , acts like a 60 's era Ann-Margret having a seizure , pukes in the friend 's Honda , and runs headlong into traffic . Rather than letting her get killed and out of her life , future friend plunges into traffic and saves her -LRB- But the guy in the Cadillac seems to have met Nomi or something ; when he sees her he speeds up -RRB- . This level of absurdity almost never lets up . We are asked to believe that Nomi becomes one of Vegas ' biggest showgirls when her terpsichorial skills alternate between the aforementioned spasms , a baby hippo stomping out a grease fire , and a lot of twisting around poles . We are asked to believe that men find her incredibly erotic , when her sexual performace seems more like an epileptic with really bad constipation . We are asked to believe that she is constantly snarfing down double-doubles , yet she weighs 8 lbs -LRB- 6 of it chest -RRB- . We are asked to believe that anybody , even in Vegas , would put up with this dim-witted , badly permed , overly painted shrew for more than a minute and a half . And incredibly , screamingly , this is NOT played for laughs . The Rambo-esque scene when she prepares for the revenge she will have upon the man who brutally rapes -LRB- not a funny scene , and shot in an icky , really leering fashion -RRB- is beyond laugh out loud . Instead of strapping on the ammo , she does her nails . Yep . She paints designs on her Teenage-Mutant-Ninja-Press-ons to the same sort of music usually reserved for Schwartzenegger preparing to avenge the partners death , so that she can go seduce , then kick the teeth out of , the bad guy . She then is forced to give up her career , since she commited a cardinal Vegas sin
 Basiclly , the movie is 100 % garbage , it seems like the plot of some TV movie . A girl goes to Las Vegas to become a star , gets what she wants , but realizes it is n't all what its cracked up to be . But the thing is , is that as someone else said on here , even after going through all of these horrible experiences , she 's still the EXACT SAME PERSON she was when she got there . Not any wiser from the experience , not any nicer , nada ! And that is one of the MANY reasons this movie fails.Along with the insipid storyline , it has a horrible script with horrible dialogue to boot -LRB- The whole Versace thing , can you get anymore dumb ? -RRB- , the characters are all stereotypes and are boring and unintreguing , the only decent character in the film gets messed up just as bad or worse then the rest of the idiot characters , the acting is so bad from everyone except maybe the over-the-top performance by Gena Gershin . She was the perfect stereotypical backstage b ***** . The actors take this movie to seriously , it would have been a good spoof , but the film makers also take it seriously , so it seems serious . : -LRB- The seriousness though , is what makes this movie so comical actually . Its just so horrible and trite , its unbelievable . I do n't even know what I sat through the whole thing . It fried a few of my brain cells and morals . What did I get out of this movie ? - Some people need a bash in the head instead being told a movie like this is worth making . : DGod Bless ~ Amy
 SHOWGIRLS is so bad , I 've watched it 4 times -LRB- including paying to see it opening weekend in 1994 -RRB- just to see if it gets better . It does n't , Liz Berkley and the VIP Room lap dance sequence aside . Only Gina Gershon has the right idea here
 A GIRL HITCHES A RIDE TO LAS VEGAS WITH THE HOPES OF BECOMING A PERFORMER . VERY DUMB MOVIE . IT 'S BASICALLY A BUNCH OF SOFTCORE PORN MIXED WITH A BACKSTAGE DRAMA . GETS 2 STARS ONLY BECAUSE OF ALL THE NUDITY THAT THIS FILM HAS . IF YOU 'RE WATCHING THIS MOVIE FOR MORE THAN JUST THE NUDITY , SOMETHING 'S SERIOUSLY WRONG . LORD , IF THIS MOVIE DID N'T HAVE THE AMOUNT OF NUDITY THAT IT HAD , THIS MOVIE BE TEN TIMES WORSE THAN IT ALREADY IS . THE LESBIAN KISS AT THE END OF THIS MOVIE IS A BIG PLUS . 61 SECONDS OF FOOTAGE WAS CUT FOR AN R-RATED VERSION .
 -LRB- this is the same review that I posted on Epinions.com under the user name alan-smithee -RRB- . I 've been a fan of director Paul Verhoeven for many years now . While he has often been criticized for using style over substance , I think that a lot of his films are done quite well . This is especially in regards to his Dutch films from the 70 's and early 80 's like Turkish Delight , Soldier of Orange and The 4th Man -LRB- which made a lot of people in Hollywood sit up and take notice of him -RRB- . His first American film was the flop Flesh & Blood but he quickly made a name for himself with the awesome sci-fi/action film Robocop . He followed it up with the equally inventive & ultra-violent Arnold Schwarzenegger film Total Recall in 1990 before he made the controversial erotic-thriller Basic Instinct in 1992 . Like his Dutch movies , these films showed he was n't afraid of using explicit sexuality or extreme graphic violence to make his directorial point get across . Those last 3 American films were huge successes and Paul Verhoeven basically had everyone knocking on his door with projects of every sort.For reasons that will forever be unexplained , he then made the infamous soft-core flop Showgirls . This film was also written by Basic Instinct screenwriter Joe Eszterhas -LRB- who also has written Jagged Edge and Jade -RRB- and was notorious upon it 's theatrical release because the filmmakers decided to make an unabashedly NC-17 major studio film . If this film had been a huge success as well as turning out to actually be a great film , it could have legitamized the adult only NC-17 rating and make other filmmakers/studios realize that the NC-17 rating could be a legitimate rating . People still think the NC-17 equals porn despite the fact that it was made to apply to movies too strong for an R rating but movies that are n't pornography either.But as we all know , this definitely was n't the case . Showgirls turned out to be one of the worst and most laughable movies ever released . It 's worth watching this movie at least once in your lifetime as it is truly mind-boggling that this film turned out so awful . However , over the years I 've really wondered if Verhoeven might have meant for this to turn out this way , but I digress . : -RRB- The `` plot '' involves Nomi Malone -LRB- ex `` Saved-by-the-Bell star Elizabeth Berkley -RRB- who at the beginning of the movie is trying to hitch-hike her way to Las Vegas . Right from the start she comes across as very beautiful but extremely dumb -LRB- I do n't think she might have been acting actually -RRB- . She hitches a ride with a guy in a pick up truck who ends up leaving her in Vegas without any of her luggage . While puking in the parking lot -LRB- ! -RRB- , she befriends a young woman by the name of Molly -LRB- Gina Ravera -RRB- . Molly lets Nomi stay with her in her trailer and practically overnight they are best friends . Nomi ends up getting a job in a strip club ran by Al -LRB- Robert Davi -RRB- . While she is doing her strip routine one night , she catches the eye of both Zack Carey -LRB- Kyle MacLachlan sporting a K.D. Lange hairdo -RRB- and his bi-sexual girlfriend Cristal Connors -LRB- the luscious Gina Gershon -RRB- . Turns out that Cristal is the reigning queen of Vegas showgirl dancers and has the premier job at the Stardust Casino . Zack is her boyfriend as well as her agent of sorts.Nomi gets angry after she catches Cristal flirting with her while Nomi 's stripping and she gets upset and darts backstage . Al has all of his female strippers work the crowd after their routine trying to land a high paying lap dance with someone in the audience . Cristal offers Nomi 500 dollars to give Zack a lap dance which Nomi grudgingly accepts after Al pressures her into doing it.They make their way back into the lap dance area in which Nomi does a full striptease for Zack before grinding away in his lap causing him to eventually have an intense orgasm . Cristal is equally turned on by Nomi 's `` performance '' at first but notices that Zack and Nomi got a bit too close during their lap dance.Eventually , Nomi gets a mysterious invitation to audition at the Stardust Casino in their Goddess stage show . Through some outside interference from Zack , she gets the gig . But she still wants to be top dog and ends up betraying Cristal in a couple of respects to get her top position.I should also mention that there also plot elements about Nomi 's `` shady '' past and various other things including a completely inappropriate & brutal rape of Molly by a world famous singer that she greatly lusts after . Nomi also befriends a male black dancer who seems to think that Nomi actually has considerable dancing potential -LRB- he must have been blind -RRB- . Also keep in mind that this film is 2 hours and 11 minutes long!The acting is just plain awful in regards to everybody in the cast . This film was supposed to be Elizabeth Berkley 's big breakthrough role in Hollywood but it ended up doing the exact opposite . Her career has never really fully recovered from her appearance in this debacle . While she does look fantastic throughout the movie -LRB- though a lot of people I know do n't think she was all that attractive in this movie -RRB- , she just did n't seem to have a clue as to what she was doing . As for her infamous stripping/lap-dance scenes , she just does n't seem to have the talent/ability to make these scenes thoroughly convincing or erotic . As great as she looks completely nude , she just comes across as laughable.Klye MacLachlan sleepwalks his way throughout the film and sports a haircut that makes him look like a dead ringer in a K. D. Lang look-a-like contest . Robert Davi has seemingly made a career appearing in dreck like this.The only person that actually benefitted from her performance in this atrocity was Gina Gershon . She seems to be the only who realizes how awful this movie actually was and plays her part with her tongue firmly planted in her cheek . Looking great and having fun , her performance is the only thing in this movie that stands out other than the abundant nudity.Paul Verhoeven usually has a very fluid directorial style but it is almost completely missing in this film for the most part . It seems that all he care about was the stripping/lap-dance scenes and everything else just fell by the wayside . The one thing I did really like was the nice cinematography . That 's one of the few things that this movie has going for it.The big buzz surrounding the movie when it was originally released was that it was supposedly chock full of explicit -LRB- though simulated -RRB- sex and really earned it 's adult only NC-17 rating . To be honest , other than the considerable -LRB- mostly female -RRB- nudity , I 've seen R-rated movies that were much worse in the sex category . During Nomi 's first strip-tease , there is a fairly explicit shot of her sticking her hand down her panties , the lap-dance is fairly in-your-face , and there is a sex scene between Zack and Nomi in his pool which is somewhat explicit but unintentionally goofy as she 's basically just duplicating her laughable lap dance moves . But even that is for the most part shot from the waist up . Since this was designed from the get go to be a NC-17 picture , they should have pulled out all of the stops on the explicit sexual content to at least have the film pay off in that respect . What is on display here is n't really all that much more explicit than what was shown in Boogie Nights IMO . While the pool scene is energetic , it certainly is n't erotic in the least though Elizabeth Berkley looks quite nice soaking wet while completely nude . I heard one remark that she looked like a dolphin having an epilectic seizure during this scene.There is also quite a few sequences of the Goddess performance in the Stardust Casino that mainly consist of men and women leaping and dancing across the stage while a fake volcano is spitting powder & glitter in the air in which Cristal emerges out of it . At that point , all the of the women had their tops removed and then they dance a bit longer before running off stage to change into their next outfits . The direction and camera moves during these sequences are quite a bit better than the rest of the movie , but they ca n't even come close to salvaging the rest of the film.I guess that the only way that I would recommend checking out this film is to just check out how putrid virtually every line of dialogue in this movie is . Elizabeth Berkley fans would also be wise to check it out as she does really look stunning and does quite a bit of full frontal nudity.This film was nominated for a bunch of Razzies and won pretty much every category that it was nominated in -LRB- deservedly so I might add -RRB- . Paul Verhoeven actually was there in person to accept his Razzie for Worst Director which was the first time someone had actually shown up to accept their `` awards '' . While he re-gained his momentum again with Starship Troopers and Hollow Man , the damage that Showgirls causing to everyone involved -LRB- with the exception of Gina Gershon -RRB- will never escape him . -LRB- on a side note , Denise Richards was originally cast in the Nomi lead role but ended up backing out due to second guessing how much nudity she would have to be doing . That I would have liked to see as I think she 's gorgeous . -RRB- Every interview I have seen with him he seems to be in extreme denial about how awful this movie actually is . I seriously think that he feels that people do n't completely understand what he was trying to do with the movie.The MGM DVD release of Showgirls presents the film in anamorphic widescreen in it 's 2.35:1 theatrical ratio . Compared to the full screen VHS version , the DVD actually loses quite a bit of picture information on the bottom of the frame and gains very little on the sides as the movie was filmed in the Super 35 format . On the DVD , when Nomi is grinding Zack towards an orgasm during the infamous lapdance sequcne , the widescreen DVD version cuts her off from the waist down while in the VHS version you see everything . I know that this is the way it was seen in theaters but after quite some time of seeing it on full screen VHS I had gotten used to that extra footage at the bottom of the screen . While I normally advocate watching the widescreen version , this is a rare case in which I think that MGM could have easily offered a full-frame on one side of the DVD and the wide-screen version on the other . But alas , the wide-screen is all that you get on the DVD . While this is the way it was seen in theaters , Paul Verhoeven has stated that he prefers the full frame version . There are instances in the full frame VHS version in which you actually get more nudity and in a movie such as this turkey , nudity is all it has going for it . Other than the theatrical trailer and a short promotional featurette , this is pretty bare bones . The picture quality is excellent on the DVD and with the considerable amount of flesh on display , the flesh tones look very natural and the entire film just has a great look to it . The DVD is also the full uncensored 131 minutes NC-17 cut of the movie.This movie has also been re-released on DVD since this review was originally written in a VIP edition that gives overkill an entire new meaning.I am recommending this film mainly since that everyone should watch it at least once . It is so unintentionally funny that it will rattle your mind that anyone involved in this production thought they were actually making a good film.One of the worst films of all time !!!! -LRB- a quick side note that Denise Richards was originally signed on to play the role of Nomi in the movie but had second thoughts when she realized how much she was going to be completely nude in the film in addition to the somewhat explicit sexual nature of the movie -RRB- . Showgirls is rated NC-17 and contains strong sexual content , abundant nudity , rape , strong language , drug use and violence .
 This movie is a hoot!GINA GERSHON is THE only redeeming virtue in this film.SHOWGIRLS , is the first movie that I had ever seen GINA perform in , and I fell in live with her at first glance.The acting , other than GINA , who is playing her role totally tongue-in - cheek is terrible.The script is BAD!PLEASE HOLLYWOOD GIVE GINA A DECENT SCRIPT !
 If it were possible to award zero stars to a film , this would be such a film . This film could have been better , but it was impossibly flawed . A terrible script which always took the wrong turn when it could have been helped by taking a right turn was fundamentally to blame , but it would help to have actors who can act . Gina Gershon is the only talent in the film who could act . Elizabeth Berkley is the least talented person I have seen in a long time . The script and film and every overdone , over-the-top thing about it reeked of doing something only for shock value . If someone had tried to supplement the film with better acting talent or with a real plot , it might have been passable . I actually very much dislike Gina Gershon , but I have to say that she was the best thing about this picture . There were so , so many -LRB- countless -RRB- opportunities to lift this script from the depths of hopelessly stupid and inane , but all those opportunities were squandered on useless and pathetic attempts to incite reactions based on superficial or exterior items like nudity or a sex scene or two women kissing . There are more creative and inspired ways to garner a reaction from people .
 TW
 For some reason this movie is revered by the gay community , even as they revile it . The special guest commentary on this edition is by David Schmader , a gay columnist for the Seattle gay newspaper The Stranger . That paper 's gay editor , Dan Savage , also loves the movie -- as do most of my gay friends.The big question is , why?Is it because Joe Esterhaus and Paul Verhoeven make their Vegas showgirls all look & act like Liza Minelli ? Is it because of all the atrocious post-modernist dancing ? Is it because there is a lot of heterosexual nudity in this movie but absolutely no erotica ? Is it because of the not-so-subtle misogyny throughout the movie ? Is it because it hints that men and women can never cross the divide between them ? `` Showgirls '' is often cited as one of the worst movies ever made , but it 's not laughably amateurish like `` Plan 9 '' or outrageously unlikely like `` Yentl '' or painfully miscast like `` Scoop . '' Nope , this movie is expensively produced , with attractive stars and -LRB- somewhere in there -RRB- an actual plot . It 's just that the whole thing is so gay .
 I knew what I was getting when I bought this movie . What I Did n't know was the the picture quality of this blu-ray disc is horrific . It came packaged with a blu-ray disc and a dvd . The dvd 's quality is actually much better than the blu-ray . The blu-ray is fuzzy and grainy at best . This was an absolute waste of money . Totally disappointed ! Very poor job of transferring to blu-ray .
 Just bought Showgirls off Amazon.com . This is obviously a foreign dvd . . It 's written in both English and Chinese . . The movie itself plays great . Only problem is you ca n't remove the subtitles . As crazy as it sounds . . It 's true ! The dvd automatically started playing with the subtitles already on . I tried to turn them off . I clicked on subtitles and the only options it gives is English , Traditional Chinese , and Simplified Chinese . . There is no option to turn the subtitles off ! My best advice for anyone wanting to buy this dvd is do n't waste your money and go with buying the original version from another seller . . Probably not Amazons fault in all this . The manufacture is to blame . . The movie itself deserves 5 stars . But , I gave it one because of it being defective ! :P Hopefully Amazon will get this problem resolved . . : -LRB-
 There are many movies that come along which critics feel compelled to call an `` instant camp classic '' . Unfortunately , they are simply bad movies for the most part . `` Showgirls '' is another story . A wonderfully tawdry , overproduced , overacted spectacle featuring a goddess of over the top performing , Elizabeth Berkley . She attacks this glitzy trash as if an Oscar nomination were just within her reach . Gina Gershon and the rest of the cast give this beautiful mistake of a movie the aura of pornographic glamour that only big budget Hollywood could provide . Immensely entertaining , and more fascinating each time I view it . If you 're ever feeling depressed , or simply down in the dumps , just watch Ms. Berkley sniff her sad little sniff in what is perhaps my favorite scene . Do n't let this movie pass you by simply because it has been labeled `` bad '' . This is `` bad '' as high art .
 Extremely disappointed . Exact the same movie no deleted scenes or any additional scenes . However there are scenes which exists and were not included in the movie . No comments from actors no interviews ... . I do n't even know why it was called fully exposed version .
 In a recent episode of ` Black Books ' , the fabulous British sitcom set in a second-hand bookstore , a volume was promoted entitled ` Tempocalypse ' which , in its cynical combination of women 's issues and violent thriller , was designed to appeal to both genders . Something of the sort seems to have been the thinking behind ` Showgirls ' , a film which tries to attract a -LRB- heterosexual -RRB- male demographic , with its extensive scenes of lapdancing , er , show-girling and sex , all fetishising women 's bodies -LRB- naturally -RRB- rather than men 's ; yet tries to claim itself as a feminist narrative about a young women trying to negotiate her own identity in a violently exploitative and sleazy male subculture , that turns women from potential allies into ruthless rivals . Throw in some campy musical sequences and a lesbian subplot , and you 've got something for everyone . In this , it is no different from any Hollywood blockbuster , which tries to reach as wide and varied an audience as possible , at the expense of originality , individuality and clarity . In the end , these things rarely please anyone , and with the exception of a few dirty macs , nobody went to ` Showgirls ' . Verhoeven 's film , in its schizophrenic attempt to unite male and female pleasure ; or , more precisely , a female story filmed with a male gaze , mixes the music with the Western . ` Showgirls ' is basically an update of ' 42nd Street ' , with its story of an unknown becoming an unexpected star , and all those Warners backstage musicals , with auditions , rehearsals , backstage life , sleazy financiers , tough-but-decent producers etc. . And in a way , Verhoeven is only making literal the erotic euphemisms choreographed by Busby Berkeley in his big numbers . But by removing the element of play , that contract between choreographer and audience that knew these were more than groups of girls dancing , by simply exhibiting sexuality , Verhoeven removes all those psychic proceses that create the ideas , fantasies and experiences of sexuality for audience . But Verhoeven can argue that he was trying to avoid fantasy , that this documentary-like hard look at an exploitative industry is why his film is feminist . This does n't explain the lingering framing of female flesh , but theoretically , a film about lap-dancing should reveal the tools of the trade just as a film about doctors or soldiers would focus on scalpels and guns . I read that ` Showgirls ' was actually a satire on contemporary Hollywood and its behind-the-scenes machinations - this makes the film more forceful , as it 's always interesting to see the corrupted Ozes behind glittering Emerald Cities , but it does n't make it any more competent a piece of film-making . Ultimately , ` Showgirls ' is a Western , about a heroine who moves from East to West , from New York to Las Vegas ; a character who tries to create a new identity , lifestyle and freedom for herself away from the oppressions of the past and authority . If it had n't been such a gawpfest , you 'd almost be tempted to think the film WAS feminist , such is the way Verhoeven and Esterhaz play with genres and cliches only to confound them - see the road-to-damnation drug subplot for example . But it is a gawpfest .
 I 'm not one to take the side of bullies , but if the former uber-agent Mike Ovitz was right about anything , it could have been that the screenwriter Joe Eszterhaz needed to be run out of Hollywood.That 's the only conclusion a movie enthusiast can draw after sitting through this stinking pile of poo , for which Eszterhaz wrote the ludicrous , vulgar , and ridiculously meretricious screenplay.There were some talented people involved in this movie . Paul Verhoeven in particular has made some of my favorite sci-fi films , notably `` Robocop , '' `` Total Recall , '' and `` Starship Troopers . '' Gina Gershon , Alan Rachins , and Kyle Maclachlan have all done good work as actors.So what in the world were they thinking getting involved with this mess ? I guess they all just needed the money and hoped that `` Showgirls '' would soon be forgotten ... Well , there 's one group I CAN recommend this film to
 Here is a quick plot description for NEARLY EVERY scene in this movie
 Nomi Malone got her dress at Versace , yet she pronounces it `` Ver-sayce . '' The sleazy bigwigs snicker at her as they patronize her mispronunciation , and it left me with the distinct impression that snickering was the theme of this film
 It 's an eye opener , reading the reviews , that the kitzhiness of a movie can also be good . A cheesy story , actors who can not act - I have to admit that watching this movie I felt like I was transported to another planet . A fascinating experience in its own way . Some of the nude scenes are arousing . This movie plays best when you have the mute button on . I 'd pick Basic Instinct over this one any day because there the story line is better even if chaotic .
 Ah the wonders of showbiz.How can a budding actress -LRB- Elizabeth Burkley -RRB- go from a sweet and funny teen comedy , to a cheap and physically sickening in-your-face sex movie.Poor Elizabeth Burkley , this poor girl believed that Showgirls was to be her big break into hollywood however it turned out to be her big break into sex/shark attack scenes in a swimming pool.That , i believe , was the final blow to classify showgirls as a barage of in your face nudity and bad sex scenes . I believe one movie critic -LRB- known as James Lee -RRB- described the infamous swimming pool sex scene as being a cheap imitation of a shark attack scene from jaws . I seriously doubt that this film will be winning any awards ... apart from the award for the worst sex scene ever filmed.Another flaw in this film was the apparent great dancing that was peformed by Ms Burkley in a club at the beginning of the film ... however on seeing this i was very worried for her safety as it seemed as if she was having an epileptic seizure from the flashing lights . However when she was joined by a co star who also began to dance in the same way i realised that i was wrong . All in all this film is rubbish . Only be recommended this film to people you hate !!!
 If there was a negative rating , I would have picked that . All who were a part of this disaster should be whipped or something . Im sorry I bought it and feel sorry for those who actually liked it
 Over hyped ! Not even good photography . Would not recommend it . Do n't waste your money . Try to find some other film .
 the movie was just ok but the lapdance was really intensely done its not worth ur money save it for something better
 My dad gave me this DVD when he could n't make it through the first 15 minutes of it . I have to commend him on making it that far . I 've tried to watch it three times now , and ten minutes is the most I can take . Sure , it 's full of very attractive and very naked actresses , but it 's also full of some of the most reprehensible acting and dialogue I 've ever seen . It 's truly painful to watch . The whole -LRB- short -RRB- time I spent watching this , I kept asking myself of everyone involved , `` What were they thinking ? ''
 I had the misfortune of stumbling across the last 45 mins . of this -LRB- bowdlerized -RRB- flick on TV a few nights ago . I had hoped to stumble upon a redeeming quality , but I never did . This movie can best be described as high-gloss , highly-produced , heavily-veiled porn that passes itself off as mainstream entertainment . It 's a great movie if you 're into exotic dancing and topless girls , but if not , you 're better off moving onto something else.I cringed at each sight of Elizabeth Berkley 's straggly , curly mop hair and too-big lips .
 This movie is not pulp , camp or even a wildly over-the-top mess - it is simply a revolting and mean-spirited porn film with the backing of a few Hollywood heavyweights . The grotesque violence and human wasteland depicted here never begin to be titillating ; instead , they turn your stomach . This might be the most repugnant movie ever made because it portends to carry a message , and fakes redemption . Do n't be fooled . This movie , which does n't only hate women and brutalize virtually anything sexual , is like angry bile , and if you get too close you will get sick .
 It has been years since I first saw this movie on DVD and while I will never argue it is a good movie , I ca n't help but laugh at all the `` reviewers '' here who claim the movie made them laugh . Methinks they doth pretend to `` laugh '' too much ! Most reviewers here sound like hypocrites to me . Any man who claims he watched this movie for any reason other than to see lots of female skin is a liar , or gay . Or both . I know that is why I watched it , and I was not disappointed . Ms. Berkely has a fantastic body and Ms. Gershon looked wonderful herself . IMO , reviewers who claim they laughed at the bad acting are just being disingenuous - I think they are just trying to cover up the fact that THEY LOVED THIS MOVIE FOR ALL THE SEX AND BEAUTIFUL NAKED BODIES ! And lumping it in with such trash as `` Planet Nine '' is just silly . It may not be a good movie but it was competently directed and acted , and IMO well worth watching for what it was if you are a normal heterosexual male . As for all those would-be cinema auteurs who want to have their cake and eat it too , I highly recommend they see `` Dancing at the Blue Iguana , '' a truly wonderful movie with fantastic acting , great directing and an outstanding script - and oh yes , almost as much skin as `` Showgirls . ''
 They broadcasted this movie in TV , and I had to watch it all the way through because it was so bad that it was actually funny.The acting is pretty bad , but even worse is the dialog - which can not be blamed on the actors . Some of the lines in this movie will make you howl with laughter , while other just will leave you in stunned silence.The plot is absolutely without sense or even more important a point . The main character is not naive , she 's downright stupid . The point might be ... In Showbiz , all people might not be there just to help you on your way . And in porn industry , some people might ask you sexual favors . Wow?To make up for it all , the film is loaded - LOADED - with naked girls . Not just girls wearing only a little clothing , but completely naked and filmed from all angles you can imagine , and with no screening what-so-ever . Wow , that 's a good way to make a movie for the masses , especially if your point is to get a message through about the dirty porn / sexual entertainment industry . Really , I 'm no prude , but approximately half of this film is downright pornographic . I could n't help notice the fact , however , that all the men are only shown halfnaked or in a very rare naked only-from-behind shot . I do n't quite know why , but it struck me as slightly amusing , but it makes as good sense as the rest of the movie.Seriously , this is probably the worst movie I 've ever seen . I know people often use sentences like this to make a point about something they do n't like , but literally , this IS the worst film I 've ever seen . It 's very rare I see a film I do n't like to some degree , but this one is horrible . If you want a half-pornographic movie , go for this one , otherwise stay far , far , FAR away from it . Though it is sort of memorable because of it 's exceptional lack of quality ...
 These DVDs are absolutely rip offs . M-1 had some great fights , however you only see the action that was on broadcast TV . Each of these only come with 5 fights and many cut out rounds 1 and 2 . The DVD 's only hold about 50 minutes of action . I am a big time MMA Fan and these DVDs are just not worth it . HDNET should have bundled the fights together and made compilation DVDs
 I bought this for my oldest son , a golfer who enjoyed Conway when he was a kid . It was very disappointing . I forgot how sexest that era was ! It was just not amusing , especially the Golf Bible segment . Lord ! I am getting old !
 two years after the events of the first movie , Tromaville has gotten a new college called T.I.T Tromaville insitute of Technology where it 's owned by the local nuclear power plant that was held responsible for the high school incident . It seems like a nice campus loaded with booze , bikini girls , jocks and being yourself as there seems to be a weird humanoid race on campus who look like human beings but have mouths for bellybuttons created by a scientist -LRB- Lisa Gaye -RRB- who would do pleasure as they are called Subhumanoids but they will melt into furry toxic critters if no obeyed or harm someone as they programmed like that . Ace reporter Roger Smith -LRB- Brick Bronsky -RRB- falls for one of the humanoids and is on the verge to find out about these mysterious meltdowns.A poor sequel to the 1986 Sci-fi horror comedy cult classic from Troma known as `` Class of Nuke'Em High '' as this time it has more knockers , self-referential material , weird product stuff , no gore , nudity and goofy humor that feels tasteless . The acting is quite bad as usual and lacks the charm that made the first one a cult classic but i admit the killer giant Toxic squirrel beast Tromie was nifty , nice try though.This DVD contains extras like audio commentary , trailer to the trilogy , Toxic Avengers cartoon episode , and the usual troma stuff from other Troma DVDs .
 Sex , violence , giant mutant squirrels ... CLASS OF NUKE 'EM HIGH 2 has them all ! And at only a fraction of the fun of the original ! After being reduced to rubble , Tromaville High School is rebuilt as Tromaville Institute of Technology , conveniently located inside the new nuclear power plant . It is here that Professor Holt begins using the students as her own personal guinea pigs , transforming the entire student body into a new batch of subhumanoids to terrorize the town ! Troma takes trashiness to a whole new level once again , with more gooey gross-outs and gratuitous nudity than ever before . Increased budget and improved special effects do not equate into more laughs in this case , however.Like in THE TOXIC AVENGER PART II , the brain dead plot and ridiculous characters are supposed to be overlooked for all of the overcompensation elsewhere , but hardcore B-Movie fans should have no trouble turning a blind eye to the film 's utter stupidity once the tops start falling off and the slime starts flowing.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 `` Class of Nuke 'em High Part 2 '' was an okay film , but not a great one . The original was better . When I ordered this , I thought ` Alright , I finally get to see Tromie , the Nuclear Squirrel . ' I thought he 'd show up at the end , but the makers of this film had to ruin it by showing the end of the film at the beginning . That 's why I did n't much care for this one . Also , I did n't like the theme song . All they said was `` Class of Nuke 'em High Part 2 '' over and over again . But I 'm glad I only had to pay 5.99 for this movie and not 13.99 .
 Bad acting scantily clad women , gross special effects , and a totally off the wall plot are all parts of this tongue in cheek flick from the wackos at Troma Inc.Remember , its supposed to be this bad .
 Hi . This movie worth renting not buying . if buying used ! saving some time not worth . low buget . frist one was way better . music was not good .
 Blasting in my right eardrum , right now , is the Class of Nuke'em High , Part 2
 I did not review `` Dorf Goes Fishing '' however I did See the Complete Dorf Set . I did not find it funny . Even as much as I enjoy the comedy of Tim Conway . Probably would not recommend this title .
 This is absolutely the worst video I have ever watched . It is so bad that you might want to get it to see how bad a great comedian like Tim Conway can be .
 It is hard to know if you want to buy an item when the descriptioin does not include what movies are on the tape?Could someone post that info?I 'll rate it higher when I know what it is?Phillip
 This movie is an odd duck . If you watched it in 1990 when it came out then you 'd probably think it was funny -LRB- like I did -RRB- but after buying it in 2006 and watching it again - I could barely sit through it ! Sandra 's humor is very `` New York '' and in some ways very sophisticated so if you do n't know the name of designer furniture and clothing many of her jokes will go over your head as could many of the jewish and ethnic jokes . If you 're into that type of humor then you might find it hysterical . It 's a musical in case you did n't know but some of the songs are VERY SLOW -LRB- and , um , sorry to say ... boring . -RRB- At the end of the movie she does strip down to a stars & stripes bikini and dances away to Prince -LRB- formerly known as -RRB- - which could be worth the price of admission for some .
 Did not live up to expectations , other always seem to bully Hello Kitty , hard for an adult to sit through , drags a bit .
 Contrary to another review , this did not contain the same stories the kids wanted , such as CinderKitty and Snow White kitty . Nor did it contain The Phantom of the Theater , Frankencat , Catula , The Pawed Piper and Rumpeldogskin as indicated in another review . Check carefully if you are looking for a specific Kitty DVD .
 This is a review of a series of Hello Kitty DVDs released by MGM in 2003 : HK Becomes a Princess , HK Saves the Day , HK Tells Fairy Tales , HK Goes to the Movies , andHK Plays Pretend . These five discs have also been bundled together into theDiamond Collection , as well as paired into aPlays Pretend/Saves The Day 2-Pack -LRB- alt url -RRB- . Finally there 's a `` Triple Feature DVD Set '' with the discs for Princess , Saves The Day , and Fairy Tales all in one case -LRB- this might be exclusive to Target -RRB- . Whew ! Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the link so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for . -------------------------------------------------- For those who do n't already know , contained on this DVD are stories from the 1987 Saturday morning series `` Hello Kitty 's Furry Tale Theater '' . You would n't know that by watching the disc because there are NO SERIES OPENING TITLES and NO SERIES END CREDITS !!! Yes , you read that correctly . They left out one of the most significant parts of a television series . Remember the catchy theme song ? Well , all you 'll have are your memories because that theme wo n't be found here . There 's a credits block on the back of the case that lists the voice actors and major crew , but it does n't list the minor crew members . Pity all of the poor animators whose work on the series now goes uncredited.The series consists of 13 half-hour episodes with 2 stories per episode -LRB- 26 stories total -RRB- . Yet only 25 of the 26 stories appear on these five discs . Keep in mind that 's only 5 stories per each 10.00 disc -LRB- that 's the original price -RRB- . They could have easily fit the entire series onto two dual-layer discs for 20.00 . So not only are you missing a story , and NOT getting the episodes in their original 2-story pairs with the original series opening titles and end credits , but you 're being bilked for what little you DO get!The previous VHS releases in the late 1990s -LRB- Wizard of Paws VHSandKitty & The Beast VHS -RRB- were MUCH better than these five DVDs . Sure they only included four stories each , but they included the series opening titles and end credits , which makes them a vast improvement over these DVDs . I can only hope that someone at MGM wakes up and re-releases this series as a proper `` complete series '' set , but I doubt that that will ever happen .
 every teenage girl should watch this before her first datebefore going to makeout lane do n't forget yor diaphramgirlfriend
 A very strange film about kids being turned into murderers by a mad doctor . Notable only for a scene where a guy start 's pissing blood !
 I ca n't say because I 'm still trying to figure it out . I only watched this movie for one reason and that 's Viva Bianca other than that I probably would have never bothered to even press play . Much for the same reasons I could n't stand The Watchmen this movie also likes throwing some nude guys junk in your face every opportunity they get . I think it 's the first time I wished the Camera man would pan up but this films tries to be edgy and surreal . You are rewarded though ever so often with a glimpse of Viva Bianca and by glimpse I mean a masterful 10seconds and then about 5 minutes of watching some guys junk dangling . I 'll be honest I knew I was going to hate this movie about 5 minutes into the opening scene.There 's been a couple life of a prostitute or movies involving prostitutes I think I watched but they were all foreign . They were also equally as boring with little action but , I take that back there 's a bit more suspense in this movie that makes it somewhat engaging more or less . The problem is the `` Heavy Rain '' camera angles . Just random closeups and awkward filming angles that make you wonder just what the director was going for . It 's hard to describe without watching for yourself to understand.I do n't know what it is about these sex movies that always seem to have some kind of deviant super perverted guy that 's a cross between Ted Bundy and Mark Walhberg in `` Fear '' . One look at the guy and you can tell he 's crazy but the girl always seems to hookup with him anyway . I mean , it 's a trend I noticed in just about all of these movies.What is this movie about ? Well , it does have a plot 2 Prostitutes one who 's career is ending and another who 's is just beginning meet and find themselves fleeing for their lives and that 's about all that is clear in this film . If I could some this movie up in one word it be `` Raunchy '' . If I wanted to watch a porno I 'd watch one . If I wanted to watch a movie I 'd watch one . These one ca n't seem to figure out which end of the stick it 's trying to be so it all comes off as something you 'd rather not sit down to waste your time viewing .
 This Australian film was made to cater to their own breed of red-necks swilling too much weak beer on a greasy couch.The lead actress looks like a tranny because she is a mannikin for a lot of blunted sensabilitity about women or anything else.This is no more than a titillation flick of the weakest and banal kind for men too limp or legless to rent soft pornography . The acting the realism the plot and screennplay all suck .
 I thought this movie was going to be a serious hardcore movie delving deep into the life of a prostitute.This movie barely scratches the surface of what these women go through on a daily bases.The movie was n't even explicit sexually or really nudity wise , I 'm sorry maybe my expectation were to high but for me this movie was boring as hell and did n't make sense.If you want to see a movie that truly puts you in the life & world of a prostitute and is very explicit violence , nudity , and sexually wise then you need to rent or buy the movie ! BAISE MOI !
 My 4 year old loves hello kitty but this dvd is terrible . I absolutely could not believe the name calling in this movie .
 This is a review of a series of Hello Kitty DVDs released by MGM in 2003 : HK Becomes a Princess , HK Saves the Day , HK Tells Fairy Tales , HK Goes to the Movies , andHK Plays Pretend . These five discs have also been bundled together into theDiamond Collection , as well as paired into aPlays Pretend/Saves The Day 2-Pack -LRB- alt url -RRB- . Finally there 's a `` Triple Feature DVD Set '' with the discs for Princess , Saves The Day , and Fairy Tales all in one case -LRB- this might be exclusive to Target -RRB- . Whew ! Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the link so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for.For those who do n't already know , contained on this DVD are stories from the 1987 Saturday morning series `` Hello Kitty 's Furry Tale Theater '' . You would n't know that by watching the disc because there are NO SERIES OPENING TITLES and NO SERIES END CREDITS !!! Yes , you read that correctly . They left out one of the most significant parts of a television series . Remember the catchy theme song ? Well , all you 'll have are your memories because that theme wo n't be found here . There 's a credits block on the back of the case that lists the voice actors and major crew , but it does n't list the minor crew members . Pity all of the poor animators whose work on the series now goes uncredited.The series consists of 13 half-hour episodes with 2 stories per episode -LRB- 26 stories total -RRB- . Yet only 25 of the 26 stories appear on these five discs . Keep in mind that 's only 5 stories per each 10.00 disc -LRB- that 's the original price -RRB- . They could have easily fit the entire series onto two dual-layer discs for 20.00 . So not only are you missing a story , and NOT getting the episodes in their original 2-story pairs with the original series opening titles and end credits , but you 're being bilked for what little you DO get!The previous VHS releases in the late 1990s -LRB- Wizard of Paws VHSandKitty & The Beast VHS -RRB- were MUCH better than these five DVDs . Sure they only included four stories each , but they included the series opening titles and end credits , which makes them a vast improvement over these DVDs . I can only hope that someone at MGM wakes up and re-releases this series as a proper `` complete series '' set , but I doubt that that will ever happen .
 This DVD was given as a gift to our two-and-a-half year old daughter . Our daughter loves the Hello Kitty character and we , too , think it is very cute . But this DVD is definitely not for children under the age of 5 . The stories are quite scary and a child at the age of our daughter can not really distinguish between fiction and reality . The stories are rather for older kids but then the characters are not interesting for this age group anymore . So I think , there is no appropriate age group for this DVD . I can not recommend this DVD to anyone who wants to buy it for kids . In fact , our DVD ended up in the trash .
 Whoever said there is no such thing as a grumpy ukulele player has n't seen this one . The instructor looks and sounds like a mathematics professor . His `` lecture '' is on music theory and how to read music . He could really be talking about almost any stringed instrument . Give this one a miss .
 Do not purchase this video . There are only 5 fights and the production quality is horrible . Two of the five fights start in round 2 . Nothing shown on video beyond the one hour original airing on HDNET . I love MMA , but skip this DVD , I wish I had !
 As a classical musician and lover of the cello , I first became aware of Jacqueline Du Pre as a college student . Upon hearing a recording of the Haydn Cello Concerto in C by Du Pre I was astonished and transfixed , and have loved her recordings for many yrs . This video does not do her artistry justice . It seems like it was thrown together from rarely seen footage of her and released without much regard for the overall effect . On the positive side , it shows interesting in `` behind the scenes '' glimpses of Du Pre performing , rehearsing and generally horsing around with with several performers including performers Daniel Barenboim , Itzak Perlman , Zubin Mehta and her teacher , and `` cello daddy '' William Pleeth -LRB- with whom the great mutual admiration is very evident -RRB- . These scenes show a playful and fun loving side of her that is quite enchanting . There is a very funny scene of her horsing around in rehearsal of the `` Trout Quintet . '' She is playing Perlman 's violin as a cello and Perlman playing her cello -LRB- as a cello -RRB- . Unfortunately , the scenes of her in actual performance are not satisfying . The performance of the Trout has the camera annoyingly fixed upon her with no variation . Any focus upon the music is lost . A scene of her rehearsing the Brahms F major cello sonata with Daniel Barenboim in a recording studio is throw away footage that should have stayed on the cutting room floor . A performance of the slow movement of Beethoven 's Ghost Trio , while musically interesting , is very dull . A scene of her performing a small slow segment of the Elgar Concerto with Barenboim conducting also manages to come across as very dull and frustrating as you want to see more ! Interviews with performers who knew her are limited to William Pleeth and Sir John Barbirolli . The reflections from a variety of performers would have added interest . Overall , this video will be sure to disappoint all but die-hard Du Pre fans .
 I am sure there are worthy artistic goals in this movie . May have even been attained . Yet , the shock of sitting through more than an hour of trivial Americana in 2012 , when there are challenges requiring real depth , is profoundly unhelpful . I would rather see Diane Lane in that Neaderthal Nights movie which makes no pretense , where I can zone out and get refreshed.Death and Resurrection of a Superpower
 this product was designed to be read by an american dvd -LRB- which I did n't know before buying it reader so it was no good to me because I live in France and have a french dvd reader
 No matter the title , `` The New Kids '' for the U.S.A. , or `` Striking Back '' for the U.K. and the rest of the world , this is an outstanding very rare and uncutSean S. Cunningham movie on DVD.Letterboxed quality for a 24 years old movie is okaybut where is the bonus material ... ?
 An hour long network show without commercials from this time period would run about 49-52 minutes . This is DVD is 35 . Where is the rest of the show ? Buyers will obviously think these are complete episodes as found on the Sonny & Cher Show DVD collection and they are not , just chopped up bits of shows . You get ripped off ... Merry Christmas !
 I like it because i do n't have to do 40 or 60 minutes , unless i choose to . I keep the cd 's in the same order and do 20 minutes before work every morning . works for me .
 I thought this movie would be good but for some reason I just could n't get into it . Maybe it 's bc the story of Romeo and Juliet simply does n't translate well into a kids movie .
 I just ordered this item and no where does it state that the dvd is missing it specifically notes that it is a blu ray & dvd combo pack as well as on the front it has where it said `` blu ray + dvd '' the + dvd is taken out . It should just say Blu ray since i got this so my daughter is able to watch it in our car as well in the house ... which now i can not , the movie is great but the fact that the title is misleading and im not getting all thats in it is upsetting .
 My tween daughter who loves all kinds of movies , including the young stuff said , `` It was n't good . The ending was too happy - I mean OVERLY happy '' !
 This is the standard Romeo and Juliete story minus the deaths , the tragedy and basically all the interest . My husband said it was a complete waste of time , but I feel it would 've been okay to watch on cable or if you had a chance to watch it for free . Any type of charge to watch this would be money lost . The music has all been heard before and even though I love Sir Elton John , I was n't impressed with the soundtrack . Visually it 's appealing with lots of bright colors and the voice acting is pretty good . The storyline falls flat though and I feel like I just threw money down the toilet buying the blu ray with all the additional disks and digital files . If you 're looking for a good family film or something entertaining then I recommend you skip this .
 Always looking for a good family flick for Saturday night to entertain our 6 year old and not bore the parents to tears . There are so many awesome kid movies out there . Do n't mistake this one for one of those . I kept wondering why it played so much Elton John music . Really , what does that have to do with a gnome or the storyline ? Turns out Elton John 's partner produced the flick . Characters are just plain stupid . Would rather have watched Beauty and the Beast or Monsters Inc. for the thousandth time . I honestly could not wait for this movie to end .
 I watched the short -LRB- two minute -RRB- preview offered by Amazon , and thought it was not bad . So , I rented the movie despite a mixed review that I heard on the radio . The movie , rated PG for the unnecessary innuendo -LRB- `` you 're tulips are limp ... '' -RRB- especially for young children . After ten minutes of sub-standard CGI technology , and worse script , I had to turn it off . Gnomeo and Juliet turned Shakespeare 's masterpiece into drivel . I want my money back .
 The title sums it up . Before the movie made it to the mid point our daughter was board and asking for another viewing of Tangled . At no point did I even crack a smile at the humor . Simply put , this is a bad movie for all ages .
 In this movie , whenever the owners leave their home , the gnomes in the front yard would come to life and have fun . The idea sounds good , but this movie did not work for me.It is not that the movie did not follow the original story . I can not tell you exactly what the problem was , but after maybe about half an hour , I stopped watching and so did my five year old daughter . Maybe the problem was with animation , maybe it was the script , maybe it was the story . Some of the children movies are appealing to adults as well as the children . As an adult , this movie for me was just boring and lame , really lame.Sooo hit me , kick me , or spit on me if you want . I am giving this movie one star . : -RRB-
 There are a few inappropriate scenes in the film , for instance a very busty gnome girl calling out the rules of a race in a racy manner and wearing a blouse with a lot of cleavage . Other scenes with a male gnome in a very tiny spandex outfit that is meant to be funny but seemed a bit obnoxious in reality . We were a bit uncomfortable at times watching this with the kids . I do n't recommend it for kids under 13 , and if you 're much older than 13 I have difficulty in seeing how you can like this film . My wife and I both could n't wait for it to be over !
 once the movie plays it ok , but for some reason when you put it in the dvd player it has an extremly hard time trying to read it . my dvd plays any other dvd just fine , when you look at the back of gnomeo and juliet it doesnt appear to have any scatches , it just for some reason doesnt read good .
 Bought movie to find out that the digital download does n't work if you live in Canada only can be done in us . What a joke ! Last purchase ever !
 When I saw this movie I thought , `` How could anybody think this is good ? '' This movie has almost no plot and the movie was released like nobody has edited this . If Pixar were to do a remake of this , I bet everything would be different and the movie would at least earn a B. From some of what I saw in the movie , it almost feels like the movie should have been rated PG . Reason is because in a G rated movie , most of the time the characters do n't get destroyed or killed . In conclusion , I say , `` Nice start , but let another movie company redo this movie .
 Good movie ! ... reminds one of a Toy Story movie.Fun movie with a cute love story . . If you like Elton John music , you 'll love this movie , if not do n't watch.All the music is Elton John.The 3D in this movie was forgotten ! . . This is the 1st 3D movie in which i did n't feel more involved ... no wow factors , i checked to see if my glasses where on a couple of times , some parts in the grass look good , but thats it ... The 2D is just as good as the 3D ... I give the movie 4 stars and the 3D 2 stars.SEE ALL MY 3D REVIEWS : THANKS !
 The DVDs and Blu ray are great BUT the only reason I bought this version is because it includes a digital copy . But it will not work in Canada , ITunes says it is not available to non-US customers , which is NOT mentioned anywhere in the description , so obviously I fell a little ripped off .
 So , my daughter and I settled in to watch this film the other night , and I have to admit I was excited . It looked really cute and colorful and vibrant and energetic and just a total distraction , which is what I was hoping for . Instead , I got something remarkably bland in moments , boring almost , that did n't add enough variance to create something special . This is sad , because this really could have become something truly epic ; instead it settled for mediocre . That is n't to say that the film does n't have some merit . The voice work is nicely played by the entire cast , and that Elton John/Lady Gaga original song -LRB- Hello , Hello -RRB- is fun and plays at the right moment to create a dash of charisma , but in the end this film fails to live up to my expectations -LRB- which were , arguably , too high -RRB- . The age old tale of Romeo and Juliet has been tampered with numerous times ; countless times to be honest . Maybe it 's time we let it be .
 What a horrible movie ! I turned it off half way through when I decided we 'd had enough of Juliette lying to her father , sneaking out of the yard to rendezvous with a boy , etc. . Not appropriate for young kids . Language is a little too rough also . I do n't like to hear `` idiots '' , etc from a kids movie . Do n't be fooled by the charming graphics and cute concept .
 Did not follow the Romeo and Juliet story . Was a waste of my time ! Do n't waste your time with this movie !!!
 When I saw the posters for Gnomeo & Juliet , before the movie came out in theaters , I was excited ! I thought the movie would be cute and something unique , since nobody has created a video on the Shakespearian play , with gnomes before . I came out of the theater highly disappointed . The movie was very cheesy , it was corny through out the whole film and boring . If you watch the movie you will see what I 'm talking about !
 This DVD does not work ! I want to return it ... will never order a DVD again from Amazon.com ... bad experience . I ordered this for my granddaughter ... very disappointing result !
 i was very disappointed with this movie it does n't work and i threw all the papers away becuse i 've never had trouble with ne thing i have bought now i have a movie that does n't work and do n't remember who i got it from
 This was a complete waste of time and money . The 3D was non-existant and the story was dull and boring . It makes you appreciate what they do at Pixar , Disney and Dreamworks . I could n't wait for it to end and wish I could give it 0 stars . Paying extra for 3D was a joke as there is hardly any to speak of . No one in the theater laughed cept for this one girl who laughed at any and everything . When the scene changed she laughed at that . Ugh .
 Tragedy -- if Gnomeo and Juliet was to be described in one definitive word , that would be it . Tragedy , for presuming that the western mind is no longer capable of an inkling of thought . Tragedy , for poking senselessly at the greatest playwright in history . And tragedy , great and awful tragedy , for denying its viewers a glimpse at the deaths of two of art 's most famous lovers . Even though I be subject to the ridiculous plot , to the tired jokes , and to another verse of the Crocodile Rock -LRB- Why God , why ... -RRB- , I might be merciful if Ms. Asbury had only killed the star-crossed couple . But , no , it was not to be . For , in that bleakest of moments , that time when death had met the Capulets and the Montagues , had revealed to them the senselessness of their violence , their rage and the lovers ' rashness fell to the backseat , and the audience was `` rewarded '' with an entirely un-Shakespearean resurrection.And so it is that Gnomeo and Juliet decides to pander to an audience unwilling to admit that death comes all too often by our own devices . It shucks falsified Hollywood-style romance in our faces and expects us to eat it up -LRB- `` I like this ending way more ! '' Gnomeo proudly exclaims in the ultimate scene -RRB- . Issues of the human experience , the natures of suicide , love , and hatred , are entirely neglected . And poor Tybalt ! Yes , he is violent , but did he really have to look and act like an over-weight gorilla ? Of course ! Otherwise , who would play the villain ? Also , where is Friar Laurence ? Oh poor mind , how you forget that in this world of humanized ideology , he can not exist . No , it is better that a flamingo with a Spanish -LRB- ? -RRB- accent invite Gnomeo and Juliet to indulge in the wants of marriage without actually coming together in marriage . It is also better that this flamingo force feed one issue of the story down our throats -LRB- assisted by a sappy cut-scene detailing his separation from Ms. Flamingo -RRB- . `` But its a kid 's movie , '' they say . And certainly , this is a children 's screenplay ; which is all the more reason not to excuse Ms. Asbury from reducing the entire point of the play to mindless entertainment . The minds behind superior stories like Wall-E , Up , and The Secret of Kells -LRB- all recent -RRB- realized that children are more than capable of appreciating artistic story-telling -LRB- in Wall-E 's case , the children moreso than their parents ! -RRB- . The creators of Gnomeo and Juliet , however , decided it would be more worthwhile to cash in on mere emotionalism and frenzied narrative . And so I say , `` shame on them for stripping away the catharsis experienced by a tragic death . Shame on them for reducing violence to a child 's game . And shame on us for giving them the money for doing so .
 Surprisingly violent and not a good story . Saw this one at a drive in and it was the 3rd in a triple feature of kids movies and even with 2 little ones we left . Not well thought out . Not likable characters . Poor 3-d . Overall a loser ! Even good music ca n't make up for a lack of story line .
 It 's a fun premise , but the jokes in the story seem to fall flat and lifeless . One of the few movies I 've started and did n't care to finish .
 I bought this movie for my grandchildren and was disappointed . I 'm not sure why , but they did n't care much for this movie . They lost interest in it after only a few minutes . This movie , in my opinion , will not become one of Disney 's `` classics '' .
 I wanted to like this movie . I liked the idea a lot . Cute and odd garden gnomes come to life when people are n't looking and they have a -LRB- familiar -RRB- feud wherein two gnomes on opposite sides fall in love . Of course , it could n't end like the tragic original tale ... but it could have been done better . Way better.The animation was good , but the plot was ho-hum . And it was n't all because they had to give it a happy ending . I usually enjoy animated kid 's movies , but this one fell flat . There were n't enough funny parts , the action was obvious , and I could n't care about the characters . Juliet was marginally cool when she was taking charge of her life , but Gnomeo was pretty unlikeable all round . The best character was the sad pink flamingo and even that became annoying by the end.The movie could have been given more of an edge and yet not gone over the edge . What about the human owners of the two gardens -- why was there no focus on how that reflected on the battle between the gnomes of the two gardens . Perhaps , they could have been former sweethearts or fell in love as Gnomeo & Juliet did ? A tragic death scene that reflects the original could have been done ... with a twist . The writers seems rather underinspired , or perhaps they think that kids do n't deserve more?This movie does n't hold a candle to great kid 's movies like The Incredibles , Monsters Inc , Toy Story , and Shrek . Maybe worth watching once , but not really worth owning .
 ... at least then I 'd have been productiveDid the film make me suffer in agony ? No.Did I enjoy it ? No.My one word description of it is `` Bleh . '' I did , however , appreciate that it was clean . I hate it when kids movie sneak smutty references into them . We have no kids , so I ca n't say whether or not kids would enjoy it , but I felt like it was one of those movies that are a little too dumbed down for kids.Plot
 I really wanted to like this movie . I was so excited when it finally made it to the Video On Demand and I could rent it . I popped my bowl of popcorn . Got my favorite beverage ready . I even opened a bottle of wine about half way through ... but the bottle of wine was to help me endure the remaining half of the movie.It was hokey . The graphics were great but I felt that all the jokes were forced and the story line made me wish . I was so dissapointed . I was excited when I found out that it was from one of the creators of Shrek ... I had such high expectations . But it was just not my cup of tea ... and it severly ruined my glass of wine.I realize that we each have our own preferences . I am not saying this is a absolute NO for everyone . It was just not for me ... and I really like movies like this . The movie did not deliever what I was expecting . ~ TMM007 .
 You know how SOME animated films are enjoyable for the little kids in the audience but still keeps some elements in the film to also entertain the adults too ? `` Gnomeo & Juliet '' absolutely , unequivocally , definitely , comprehensively , assuredly , exhaustively , concretely is NOT one of those . Even if you know the Shakespeare story of the Montagues versus the Capulets and how Romeo and Juliet 's forbidden love ended tragically , the different ending on this latest animated re-interpretation wo n't entertain you as an adult . Jason Statham is one of the familiar voices , whereas James McAvoy -LRB- Gnomeo -RRB- and Emily Blunt -LRB- Juliet -RRB- are not so familiar . The film has many Shakespeare references beyond the immediate theme , and other voices familiar include Michael Caine , Maggie Smith , and Patrick Stewart . Elton John being the executive producer , it then is no surprise the soundtrack has several Elton John songs . Hulk Hogan 's voice is given to a lawn mower , Ozzie Osbourne is the voice for a fawn -LRB- young forest ruminant -RRB- , and a handful of other Hollywood notables lend their voices as well - yet it does n't redeem this film beyond the juvenile marketing theme throughout the picture . On the other hand , on opening weekend -LRB- mid Feb 2011 -RRB- the box office take was over $ 25M , and by June 2011 this movie had earned $ 99.7 M at the box office . Now it has been released on DVD . If you have kids , some of the really younger under 4 children may be frightened by the lawnmower race and then later in the show there is an even more intimidating `` Terrafirminator '' that at first is thought to have killed two of the gnomes in a rip roaring path of wanton destruction . The rest of the film is like caramel topping on ice cream , with honey added . Touchstone , Rocket , and Miramax are the companies behind this animated piece , but Walt Disney would n't have changed a thing . Look for two elements most people miss - the laptop computer is not an Apple , but has a banana logo on it ; and , on the bus that goes by the bus stop in front of Gnomeo and the flamingo character , the placard on the side of the bus says `` Stratford-Upon-Avon '' which was the home of William Shakespeare -LRB- the famous playwright whose story this film is based on -RRB- . I can only recommend this film if you have at least one child in the home under 10 years old . As an adult , you are n't given anything to enjoy . The hidden humor and suggestive tones just do n't exist in this film . Hopefully the movie coming out July 29 , 2011 titled , `` The Smurfs '' will offer more to the adults who try to sit and watch animated movies with their kids and grandkids .
 The dvd was in perfect condition , but did not realize it was a copy of the original . That was not revealed in the discription of the DVD . I wouldnt play in all the DVD players .
 All the jokes from the commerical were in the last 10 minutes of the movie . They 've definately produced better , although the songs were catchy .
 even my twin 3 year old girls and 7 year old son got off the couch and walked away from this movie . just awful ...
 i watched the movie at work since i was bored and has spare time . . not to mention it was free . . and it was annoying . the story line as you have probably read before is about an artist who goes a bit batty and kills people with a drill . the story sounds like it has potential but for some reason there are alot of shots with a very bad band playing . i know part of his reason for going insane is due to the relentless band but there is too much of the band . the acting is sketchy and the gore is low but it is an older film so i was n't expecting much . with slow pacing thrown into lackluster acting and death sequences , it makes the movie rather tedious to watch . also , i could have done without the close up breast shot which slowly span out to show his two girlfriends/roommates in the shower together .
 Some people seem to like this movie . Some had to because its now in a special editon on DVD . The truth is , this story about a struggling artist living in the dank bowels of New York City , and his developing maddness is one of the most unpleastant films i have ever seen . Not sick upleasant , like `` Salo '' , or `` I spit on your grave '' , but like `` this movie is really making my head hurt unpleasant . It seems to drag on for hours , there is not ONE sympathetic character in the entire film , which makes things difficult since it seems Abel Ferrera is trying to get you aquainted with the lead -LRB- who he also plays -RRB- and his maddness . Gore hounds who have heard the rumors about the bloodshed in this film will be disapointed , aside from one fairly graphic head-drilling , there is very little of the precious red stuff . If your a serious fan of Ferreras then be my guest and view at your own risk . For all else skip this and go to his second feature Ms. 45 which is like a complete polar opposite to driller killer in terms of quality .
 ... because I did for several years and I still can not understand how something this bad could become so `` acclaimed '' . Let me put it to you this way - If this film is a cult classic because of its `` poor story , bad direction , pointless action , missing lighting , totally useless SOUND -LRB- 50 % of the dialogue is not understandable -RRB- , bad camerawork -LRB- including focus -RRB- and every other production value I can imagine , then I suppose I am really missing the point of what a cult classic is . In my opinion `` The Evil Dead '' is a cult classic as much as something like `` Apocolypse Now '' is . `` The Driller Killer '' is a prime example of how the government , media and some film censors can cause nations to want to see something that simply does not exist ! i.e - The most disturbing scenes in a movie ever !! Seriously , by todays standards this film could receive a 15 certificate!This film is just totally void of anything that can be even be considered a `` low budget '' production value . It does n't have any value other than being a very badly made film . There is no `` Taxi Driver '' type material in this film as some would have you believe . It is devoid of all of that . There is even a really -LSB- low grade -RSB- punk music video in the middle of it ! It is a film that I should never have added to my collection . Really it is that bad .
 Ferrara 's worst film has a mumbling , slurring audio commentary & when this `` director 's cut '' ends , someone has cut to a red frame before the film ends , causing the director to say , `` What ! That 's not my -- ing ending ! Who the -- cut my film ! '' His comments abruptly stop -- end of commentary ! Plus , the commentary track was tranferred about 5 seconds out of sync , all the way thru -LRB- not that you can understand him , anyway -RRB- , tho he has next to nothing intelligent/intelligible to say about the film 's production anyhow ! Possibly the worst commentary ever recorded ; where 's our great MS. 45 when you need her !
 I recently rented this after it had been banned and hailed as the `` original video nasty '' . And I was not dissapointed , it was as funny and silly as I would 've expected from a film about some idiot runnig round New York with a drill . It was first class cheesy horror B-movie rubbish . But then i pondered , was this cheesy rip off on Taxi Driver supposed to be serious , and if it was iyt failed on all points . It is the most corny film I 've ever seen , which isnt so bad for a film which does n't take itself too seriously like the Texas Chainsaw Massacre , but when it tries to be clever like this -LRB- and henry
 Abel Ferrara is one of the most frustrating filmmakers I 've ever come across . His films explore vulnerability in a way that is almost too discomforting for me to want to try and examine , and I often find myself light-headed when watching his pictures . He sets out to entertain , obviously , but he is more out to entertain himself and give us what 's left so that we can try to digest it . It 's an effective tactic because his films often leave us with a lot of images in our heads , some of them not so digestible for the typical viewer . When this tactic works , it works in the best kinds of ways possible , and that 's when we get such great films as his savage rape-revenge thriller Ms. 45 , his Catholic guilt picture Bad Lieutenant , his shocking crime sage King of New York , his emotionally raw The Funeral , and his highly offensive The Addiction , but when this technique does n't work , we feel it ! Luckily he does n't fail that often , but he did fail in a big way with his first theatrical picture The Driller Killer , an endlessly soulless and irredeemable horror picture that has the utter misfortune of being well made . The Driller Killer is among one of the sleaziest , filthiest , and most decrepit film I 've ever seen . Does n't come close to topping Last House on Dead-End Street , but it 's certainly harder to watch than that one was , and this does n't even have any deer-sucking , slaughterhouses , or disembowelment in it . The film feels like it was made by the derelicts that pervade this picture , and this is bad because these derelicts have enormous artistic talent . One quote from this film 's IMDB message board says `` If Paul Morrissey made a slasher movie . '' That 's a pretty apt description in fact . If this had not been a genre film , I think I would have responded a lot more positively to it , but to be totally honest I ca n't say that this film did n't deserve to be made . This is a film that totally deserves to be seen by Abel Ferrara fans and fans of the most sleaze-crazed films out there . That 's the only word I can use to properly describe this film . Sleazy . It 's not disgusting , it 's not depraved , and it 's not even gory . It 's filthy , sleazy , and decrepit . I ca n't even stress this enough . Like , I 'd be shocked if viewers did n't feel like showering . I can guarantee that you will feel like fleas and spiders are growing out of your skin . Watching this is like trying to swallow a cup of worms.There is n't a whole lot more to say really . The plot follows Abel Ferrara as he lives with his girlfriend and her girlfriend as they try to make ends meet in a dead-beat apartment in the middle of a crime and grime infested section of New York . A punk band moves in upstairs , and when I say punk I 'm not talking a fun kind of punk . I 'm not talking about any kind of late-70s punk bands with young rebels who want to just celebrate noise and their own youth . I 'm talking about real punk . I 'm talking about New York City punks . I 'm talking about the Ex Drummer kind of punks , the kind that play at small , skanky venues with middle-aged , heroin addicted , sexually indiscriminate men and women who thrash and wail at the top of their lungs , desperate to leave a dent on society . These are the kinds of punks that would later give birth to infamous underground punk rock freakers like GG Allin . To put it simply , they are loud . Really loud . This film tells the viewer in it 's opening shot that it should be played loud . Well , I played the film with medium to low volume and it was still too loud . The DVD blew out one of my crusty old speakers back in 2006 , and I did n't even have it up all that much . If you are going to watch this film , make sure your speakers do n't suck . Ferrara is a struggling artist who can no longer work properly due to the noise , and he later takes out his frustration on a homeless man before later snapping and buying a high tech -LRB- at least for 1978 -RRB- power drill . This happens late in the film , however , and by the time he bores into the head of his first victim , most of the audience will have already grown tired of this film 's unpleasantly slow pacing , it 's uncomfortable editing style , and it 's viciously repetitive soundtrack . I give the film points for trying to be more than just a typical slasher production and actually trying to get us into the head of the killer , and I also got ta admit that the ending creeped me out , but I ca n't recommend this film to people . It 's far too slimy , joyless , slow , ugly , and pessimistic for most folks to even find involving . The film is so distanced , so angry , and so ponderous that it feels less like a film and more like work . It took me several times to try and finish it , and I never turn off films before they are over . This is one of the only films that I can honestly say felt like a chore to get through , and I think that 's saying a lot . I always like weird films like this , but this one did n't resonate and I did n't get anything out of this one . All I can say is that if you like this film then I 'm glad for you , if you do n't , I 'm with you 100 % , and if you 're about to watch it , all I can say is good luck .
 I read the dossier for this film and thought it would be good , unfortunately it is so bad that I really appreciate other films now . Perhaps I did n't understand the arty approach but if a film is going to be clever -LRB- as the guy kills the homeless people because he does n't want to become one of them by not getting paid for his art -RRB- then there must some clue to it . The plot is hidden beneath badly styled , monotonous events that make you glad that there are other similar films that are better . If you want a good film of a similar genre buy , ` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre ' .
 This film was infamous for years and years for being one of the most controversial ever . But why ? The film is filled with cold blooded killings , but only one happens in any graphic nature . The sound quality of it is very poor , you can constantly hear the crew shufferling their feet off screen and . Much of the camera work has been underlit or lit very badly so the actors disaper into the darkness or are parshally bathed in a nasty orange tungston light as well as being out of focas at times.There is a solid story in this movie , but the troubble is its hidden beneith the Bad camera work and crappy sound job . It also feels like there where big chunks missing from the final edit.Able ferra made this film over a couple of years , Directing and acting in it himself -LRB- under the name Jimmy Lane -RRB- , and to his credit the actings not to bad , i mean his not Marlon Brando or any thing but he is passable.As an acivement Driller Killer has to be praised , because although i do not enjoy the film it did get able ferra into the limelight and he did got on to make some great films like King of new york and Ms. 45 . But as film i would say aviod Driller Killer and watch King of new york .
 It 's hard to imagine how this film gained its notorious status -LRB- especially in the UK -RRB- . It is poorly shot -LRB- reflecting its miniscule budget -RRB- and is really no more violent than any other horror film . True , when the disgruntled artist Reno -LRB- played by first-time director Abel Ferrara -RRB- first goes on a rampage armed with a drill and ` porto-pak ' , the film does manage to touch a raw nerve , but soon it descends to laboriously-paced repetition and struggles to hold attention.Will be remembered as the debut feature of director Ferrara , who has since never been afraid to court controversy with films like Ms. 45 and Bad Lieutenant ; and probably as one of the films that sparked off the ` Video Nasty ' hysteria in the UK in the 1980 's ; but for little else .
 I 've seen only scenes of this film because they star my old Film Analysis teacher Harry Shultz !! This is a piece of junk and I found it nauseating to watch . My teacher did it only as a favor to his buddy . But if you like it , great . It 's not my taste .
 I have seen some poor films in my time but this is one of the worst . The plot was weak and hidden between large amounts of tedious and poor punk rock -LRB- Do n't play the film loud as the cover suggests ! -RRB- . I had absolutely no sympathy for any of the characters and did not feel sorry for any individual that was killed with the poor gore effects . If violent bloodshed is what your after then I would recommend the Texas Chainsaw Massacre . Abel Ferrara is attempting to create a documentation of madness of the same quality as Roman Polanski 's classic `` Repulsion '' but ultimately fails . -LRB- He even copies the use of the dead rabbit as part of the insanity . -RRB-
 Ok I got ta start off by saying this is without a doubt one of the WORST movies I have ever seen , if there was a zero on that star scale thats what it would be getting , how anyone got this horrible film made is beyond me . First off , what a concept for a movie , a man who runs around with a drill and kills random people on the street ! The storyline was weak and there were plotholes everywhere . Half the movie was made up of unnessecary scenes that were just there to fill time such as
 How horrible ! I waited years to see this -LRB- it 's only now allowed to be seen in Britain again -RRB- and was so dissapointed . Let 's face it . . Abel Ferrara movies are crap . . he 's probably the most over-rated independent director around and Bad Lieutenant his most over-rated movie . The only films of his worth seeing are Ms 45 and Dangerous Games -LRB- only because it 's the only film ever that Madonna acts well in -RRB- . Budget restrictions aside , this is still grimy , cheap exploitation -LRB- nothing wrong with that -RRB- that tries to pass itself off as ` art ' . Watch it once but do n't add to your collection .
 was the guy drunk , under heavy medication -- or was it done post lobotomy?hey , I have nothing against booze -- or whatever it is that people do ; that 's their own business ... but if you 're going to do commentary on a film that people have paid money for ... how about making it coherent , buddy ? how about making some sense ? how about better sound and cleaner/clearer sentences?is that too much to ask?the slurring , mumbling thing went out with Brando -LRB- & I respect Brando 's acting ability , by the way . -RRB- and the fick itself ? could have been , should have been a great little horror flick . the premise is there -- and terribly botched with poor photography , writing , acting and direction.Like I said
 What an absolute abysmal excuse for a horror movie . I can not beleive some of the other reviewers here . They must be Driller Killer cult worshippers who 's brains have been replaced by some congealed matter , melted by to many hits of battery acid . I read nice little tea cup accolades about what a lovely snapshot of the 70 's punk scene this is , how mulitple viewings will somehow turn this turd from brown to pink etc. . . YO ! If I wanted a snapshot of 70 's punk , I 'd get a Sex Pistols concert DVD ! I do n't care what a wonderfull director 's commentary we have , Its about the film . Not what some yokel with 2 cents and a camera has to say . This things was awful . I even read its not really a horror movie and we should n't look at it as such . With a title like ` driller killer ' , what are we supposed to think it is ? Mary Poppins ! SO where to I begin to really take this dog to the park ? 1 . It looks like crap . No amount of DVD remastering can save something filmed in such a terrible way . The colours looked sprayed on by some mad arthouse wannabe . Thats the colour you could actually see if some hint of light actually hit a surface . The lighting here was the worst I have ever seen . The movie was to dark . I could n't see anything ! 2 . The live punk bands sucked and since they WERE the soundtrack -LRB- other than that one sythn bassline that played over and over ... -RRB- this was not a good thing . I could make a better score on some cheap kids casio keyboard .3 . Biggest sin of all . This was supposed to be a horror movie -LRB- do n't be making excuses and saying it was not ! -RRB- so where the heck is the horror ? Wheres the sauce ? I think it was there as I could hear the drill from time to time but I could n't really see anything . Sometimes its good not to see anything , suspense means something too but in this case , it was just bad camera work , effects and lighting .4 . The acting , directing and screenplay . I know . Its supposed to be a horror film so we should n't expect much except here they actually try to make an intelligent script , focusing on the character as a man instead of just a killer . Except they fail miserably . Probably because the guy could n't act out a childrens fairy tale . The directing was of the most amateur kind . There were no scares , no suspense , the kills were poorly set up , the camera work was of the worst kind and the editing was non existant . I just ca n't convey enough what an utter waste of 90 minutes this thing was . I will never get those precious minutes back . I either like a straight good horror film or one that really stinks but has spirit . This one was like some 2 cent hobo trying to pass himself off as royalty . It did n't know that it was supposed to be a low budget horror film , it tried to pass itself off as an arthouse flick . Crap.For those who have n't seen this , stay away , far away . It has a cool title and that it . It does n't deliver .
 A young artist is being driving insane by everyone around him , but after he ca n't sell his painting he snaps , he picks up a drill and runs around the streets killing people at random . Ok now , this was a godawful movie , one of the worst I have ever seen in my entire life . It 's just as bad as The Nostril Picker , there is nothing in this movie worth seeing , there is violence but it does n't matter the movie is just far to boring to care , I can only say please , whatever you do , DO N'T rent this horrible movie , words can not describe how bad it is or how boring it is , this movie is just so bad I ca n't give it any star rating at all .
 Ferrara is obviously a required taste and this film does nothing to prove against that point.not only is he a horrible actor , but he 's also one of the worst directors with an undeserved cult following . his camerawork is atrocious and wreaks of a bad home movie.the back of the DVD says that Abel was trying to make a film in the vein of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre but in the end wound up making a film more like that of Taxi Driver . now , even before i watched the film , i knew this was an incredibly gross overstatement , but now i think the DVD company that made such a horrid claim should be forced to remove that from the synopsis.oh , and the band in the movie was terrible . hell , everything about this movie was terrible . Ferrara is a failure .
 This video made us dizzy trying to watch it . The perspective the camera uses is nauseating . Cute concept , just poorly executed .
 Meh . It 's boring . The gore is weak , the zombies are n't impressive in the least , the acting is abominable even for B-movie fare , the stories are n't interesting at all . There 's just nothing here . I saw the 3D version , and some of the interesting little 3D bits were the only good thing at all . But a few cool 3D shots are not near enough to save a movie . Not at all . Just avoid this one . The only reason my friend picked it up is because we 're major zombie fans . And we were sorely disappointed . Sigh .
 Ok , Where to begin ... There are low budget movies and No budget movies . This is a NO budget movie . If you are not a true zombie movie fan , this is as far as you need to read . Get out now ! Zombie fans , I 'm going to sum it up quick . I 'm rating this a 2 , mostly for the effort.The Zombies
 Even the most desperate of zombie fans will find this absurd . I mean jeez , a young girl living in the woods with her zombie parents ? No , this is n't a comedy . A journalist runs into a local man in a town that she seeks a story . He tells two bogus tales of terror . A man does exercise for 15 minutes in the first story . BORING . The sound , editing , acting , and over all product is BAD . I am a big fan of gore and bloody zombie effects . This had nothing to offer me . I doubt you 'll find anyhing for yourself either .
 This movie is nice for your zombie collection , But dont buy it if you expect the high end quality of the classics . Im not sure if they were going with a comedy angle , But it sure plays out that way in the horrific acting , Bad special effects , And a total lack of a managable story line . This movie is an MST3K movie waiting to be made .
 I was disappointed because it was too short , about 25mn of video time so not worth the money and I could not find adequate information about Tuscany in the DVD .
 It is way over priced for the 26 minutes of documentary rather than actual back roads , you get a montage of crafts etc. along the way . The sound track was all static and sound quality poor . I am sending it back .
 Not many people know how unoriginal `` There 's Something About Mary '' really is . For example , the infamous `` zipper '' scene is a complete rip off -LRB- get it , rip off ! hahaha -RRB- of that one part near the end of `` The Last House on the Left '' were Weasel has the same thing happen to him.Besides that , `` Mary '' is just lame and unfunny and it is tiresome just thinking about it let alone writing a review for it.If you want a funny movie , get `` Dirty Work '' with Norm Macdonald or something from Woody Allen rather than `` there 's something about Mary '' .1 out of 4 stars
 SOME SAID THIS WAS A GREAT MOVIE I MY SELF FOUND IT REPULSING
 If you 're able to solve the above math problem , you 're too intelligent for this movie . This video is classified as a `` comedy '' , but it 's not really that funny ; it 's more disgusting and sickening than funny . This story about a nerdish male -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- who searches for his long lost high school prom date -LRB- Cameron Diaz -RRB- is chock-full of nonsensical adult-themed characters and situations that only people with an IQ of an earthworm would enjoy and appreciate . Even a rental fee for this video would be a waste of money .
 Well , Ben Still is a zero . I knew that . I have never been other than annoyed by him , which , fortunately has not been often . But this one came so highly recommended that I finally plunged in . Oh , is this a dumb film . Oh my . It is stupid and ugly and insulting and creepy and sad . How many laughs can we get from a guy getting his privates stuck in a zipper ? 15 minutes worth ? Yow -- that 's more than milking a joke , that 's making hard cheddar from a joke that was n't that funny -LRB- and is ridiculously implausible to begin with in every way . -RRB- There were rare moments of humor , but few and vary , very far between . This is not a zero film , or even a one , but two is certainly stretching it.No need to write more on this . This was a film that left me ice cold , not the slack jawed dumbfoundment that anyone anywhere under any circumstances could like it , as I have felt on occasion , but a sad lonely feeling that these jokes could be found amusing by anyone over the age of about twelve.I bought the Collector 's Edition -LRB- fortunately , very cheaply -RRB- and I can not imagine circumstances under which I will want to devote any more of my life to this limp , saggy , and stupid movie . Disc 2 will remain unused for as long as I own it .
 This is one of the worst `` comedy 's '' i 've ever seen . I 've watched it twice and i still ca n't find anything funny about it . Everything that may have been funny was shown in the previews , and everything else was predictable . You can guess everything that 's going to happen . The directors should have just made Dumb and Dumber and stopped , that 's their only funny movie so far .
 If you want to call this a comedy you have absolutely no sense of humor . Maybe I smiled once or twice , but that 's all . The only good thing about this film is Cameron Diaz , and I do n't mean her acting performance ...
 This was one of the crudest movies I have ever seen . I watched it because I wanted to see what all the fuss was about . I am sorry I wasted my time on such a stupid movie . This movie was designed for a fourteen year-old 's mentality .
 A bunch of loosers running behind Mary and eventually a guy that is stuck in his miserable life for 13 whole years succeeds in making her fall in love with him.WHAT A ROMANTIC STORY ! I believe that tho categories of people liked this movie A -RRB- Those who laughed because they found the jokes cool.But in fact it 's difficult to laugh with these jokes if you have IQ over 20 -LRB- I managed to smile two times -RRB- . B -RRB- The members of the looser 's community all over the world who believed that it is possible for a woman like Mary to fall in love with a looser like the one played in the movie . Unfortunately in the real life Mary would n't even remember the pathetic looser 's name . The only thing that was really worthy in this movie was Cameron Diaz -LRB- when she was n't speaking -RRB- . Without her nobody would have ever heard about this movie . But the star I gave to this movie is n't for her.It is for the social message of the movie which is `` If you are beatiful you are successfull , if you are n't you are a looser who must pretend someone successfull or you have no hope in life . `` Most of the people found this funny , I did n't . Better see something that makes you use your brain .
 With all the hype , I expected to be floored ! It dragged -- the gags were infantile and not funny at all ! I 've got to say this was one of my great disappointments !
 Upon release in Summer , 1998 , `` There 's Something About Mary '' became the surprise comedy hit of the year , due to its string of consistently shocking gross-out gags . Because the film nearly overdoses on scatology and innuendo , I did n't find much of the material funny -LRB- aside from a gag involving Ben Stiller 's roadside restroom stop -RRB- . Nevertheless , the rest of the audience laughed so hard , through the entire film , that it often became difficult to hear the dialogue ... and the picture did incredible box office ... so it 's probably a matter of taste . My biggest complaint about `` There 's Something About Mary '' is that it fails on the most rudimentary level
 you 've got to hand it to the farrelly brothers . they 've built this film around tired old movie melodrama clich&eacute;s , 3rd grade bathroom humor , and a narrative as simplistic and smarmy as the retards and geeks from which they derive most of their comedic capital . and they made this rancid concoction into a huge hit . if i had any humanistic impulses left i might weep for the state of contemporary cinema or decry the culture that produces such effluent for the sake of a quick buck . the intrinsic comedic value of scatology notwithstanding , we should at least expect some equal parts wit and satiric aptitude . without it , i suspect that the film 's fans could save themselves 10 bucks , just go to the local elementary school and watch the kids eat their boogers during recess . maybe the partially touching lost love theme saved tsam from the critical savaging it deserved , astounding considering that there 's barely any qualitative difference between this film and a host of straight-to-video dreck . the farrelly bros may be romantics at heart , but the problem is that they 're far too crude and emotionally retarded to express their sentimentality in terms other than lame brained platitudes . well financed production values and johnathan richman 's geek chorus -LRB- scattered throughout the film -RRB- are the only things that save this movie from the worthless vat . well crafted garbage , trash is too elevated a description
 Dear Sirs , It is 5 days I am trying to rent this movie but it does n't work . I have been using your instant videos for over a year and never had a single issue . It seems that you have mayor problem with this movie . Please check and refer.Best regards
 This movie wins the prize for the stupidest movie I 've seen in a long time . It 's petty , pointless , and worst of all , not really funny . This movie is a perfect illustration of Hollywood going after the buck instead of considering what really makes a good movie.Don ' t get me wrong , I like comedies as much as anyone . We all need a break from time to time . This picture is just adolescent in every worst way possible.I should have just gone to the garage and beaten myself with a hammer . I would have had less of a headache than I did after watching this waste of film and money.It is hard to even come up with a suggestion as far as a better movie . Just about anything would fit that category .
 Was terribly gross , vulger and so so very predictable . Everyone thought this movie was so funny and I was looking forward to seeing it . Instead it was a big waste of money . I do not think I laughed once , maybe just cringed now and then .
 I began to wonder what else was on television about midway through this movie . Gimmicky and predictable .
 Not very funny , went to the movies thinking it was going to be hilarious from what the previews looked like but iwas misss led . Waste of money ! Stupid plot with only the occasional funny part mainly the part with the dog attackin Ben Stiller . Do n't recommend it , the age group that would most likely enjoy this is 13 - 15 year olds . Too tupid for adults and to rude for younger kids .
 This movie is truly one worst films ever made . Grossly miscast as an orthopedic surgeon , Cameron Diaz has one of the most moronic laughs in the business . She uses it inappropriately throughout the film . Who can sit through a film with Ben Stiller masturbating like Roth 's Portnoy , and chasing Diaz around like an imbicile ? Matt Dillon is okay , but has damaged his career by making this dog .
 If I could have given it 0 stars , I would have . I do n't know what everyone else saw in this movie . I thought it was one of the stupidest movies I 've ever seen .
 To sum up the entire movie I would say `` Male body humor '' . I did not find this movie funny at all . I thought the acting was terrible and every scene had a disgusting twist .
 I WAITED for this to come out on DVD because several people had told me how absolutely hilarious it was ... NOT . I have to side with the other reviews who found it juvenile , bland , boring and slow . If you saw the previews for this movie on television , do n't bother , you 've seen the funny parts .
 This movie had funny parts , and parts that were almost funny . Awkward at times through the entire movie . I do n't recommend watching this movie .
 It 's just not funny . It 's not as though I 'm a sour puss , I loved Dumb & Dumber and Kingpin . The only time I laughed is when Warren starts beating Ted because he touched his ear . I thought the whole masturbation thing was disgusting and the dog thing cruel . Not funny . I just hate Ben Stiller . His T.V. show s *** ed , every movie he is in s ** ks -LRB- except Cable Guy , and that would have s *** ed if not for Jim Carrey -RRB- .
 Well , I thought this was a reallly stupid movie ! There was no point in it and it was so un-funny . If you went to see this more than once in a movie theater you were wasting your money ! I mean i love Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller and Matt Dillion , but this was just a plain and simple dumb movie ! Take my advice
 When I first heard about this movie , I could n't wait to see it.When I saw it at the theater , I thought is was a waste of time.Who cares about a man looking for his girlfriend from 1985 ? To me , this movie was a waste of time , but older people might find it interesting . Enjoy !!!
 Watchout for any braindead friend you have that will never stop telling you that this is the ` greatest ' comedy of all time . In actuality it 's pretty lame . I could have very well lived a full and happy life without seeing this movie that takes it so-so jokes and tries to ram them down your throat . It 's got a few chuckles , but for the most part you just wait patiently for it to end .
 Shallow , disgusting , low brow , wannabe , slapstick ! The If you are looking for a more thought provoking comic role from Diaz , try > -LRB- The Last Supper -RRB- , Stiller > -LRB- The Zero Effect -RRB- Elliot . -LRB- GroundHog Day -RRB- .
 I love a good gross-out comedy with a big dose of slapstick thrown in . This was not one of those movies . I honestly do n't understand the popularity of this movie . Do n't buy this , buy `` Blazing Saddles '' or one of the `` Naked Gun '' movies . It 's a shame we ca n't give `` Negative Stars '' to this movie . I am still angry that I wasted a couple of hours of my life that I ca n't get back .
 I listened to the hype but borrowed the DVD before I bought it . I am so glad I did - one of the worst films I 've seen in ages . The whole theme of guys trying to get their leg over is far better done in Notting Hill . There are about 2 funny moments in this film and even then I found myself embarrassed about laughing -LRB- well , sniggering -RRB- at them .
 I do n't understand why the masses think this movie was funny . I never laughed once , and I usually like humor off the beaten path . Give me a good Monty Python movie any day of the week . Even those silly airplane movies are better then this one . I must be missing something with this one .
 Bad movie , overrated , I smiled a cople of times . Do not waste your money
 Some professional friends that I work with said that this was one of the best and funniest movies they had ever seen . It 's depressing to think sometimes how dumbed down our pop culture has become . Yes , there were some laughs here and there , but the filmmakers ' insistance that crude and tasteless is funny only goes to show how much wit and inspiration is missing from most comedies nowadays . People like Chaplin and the Marx Bros. , who helped to define movie comedy , would be outraged to see what their art has evolved into . I guess my opinion is in the minority though , since I understand this film became a big hit . That 's more scary than funny .
 Why waste your money on renting this movie ? All you have to do is watch the trailer . There are no funny moments outside of the trailer . And why does America have this fascination with Ben Stiller . Everyone of his movies , especially Reality Bites , stinks . Hey Ben your dad is 10 times funnier than you and even he is not funny . And Cameron Diaz is one of the homliest actresses around .
 If you can read and/or spell the word above , you 're too smart for this movie . Boring , moronic , and -LRB- worst of all -RRB- , not funny .
 This is an awful comedy . THe only originality in it is the way it goes to extremes , which means its vulgarity - and it is vulgar . Do n't bother .
 i really wntas to say iz liked this movie . but i just did n't laugh enough . i the i thoughtz waz OK . I ` vez seen much funny movies ... like anything by adams aandler . . or the original kings of comedy . but this movie is sorta stupid . itz nbot as funny wants to say it is . . people are over doing it with this one ... word !
 Trust me , I am a fan of raunchy rumor just like the rest of us . I rented this movie with great anticipation after hearing about how great the movie is , and was really disappointed . I thought it was just obnoxious , not funny . Am I supposed to laugh because the girl put the `` hair-gel '' in her hair ? Give me a break .
 A waste of good acting talent . It has to be one of the worst movies I 've seen . The only reason to watch it is if you have to see every movie Cameron made . I only watched the whole thing to see what my step son was subjected too . He said the movie was lousy , but Mary is gorgeous . I feel the humor was tasteless . Could have been a great movie .
 `` There 's Something About Mary '' is a movie that you either love or hate based on whether or not you find the plot -LRB- Whether or not guys would actually stalk Mary the way they shamelessly did -RRB- to be believable or not and the gags to be outrageous enough . I did n't believe the plot was as developed as it could have been . I also felt that we -LRB- The viewers -RRB- never get to find out who Mary really is other than it would seem a little boy trapped in a woman 's body and the `` disturbing '' gags were no more than worth a few giggles and a groan . -LRB- They are harmless . They do n't signify the trend toward hedonism or some other silly irrational theory of the horrid decline of popular taste -RRB- They showed `` private parts '' -LRB- manly ones -RRB- that you might not expect to see in a comedy as well as gave masturbation a whole new purpose before a nervous first date . -LRB- Releases the tension they say -RRB- The movie starts great with a little zipper mishap in Mary 's bathroom before the prom . Ted -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- never got a chance to get to that prom because it was off to the emergency room . That start was great but it started to fall apart after . What you have is a plot that gets convoluted by a series of events that really are not held together that well . Like `` Dumb and Dumber '' this movie has a road trip feel to it . Ted hires a private investigator to find Mary . Then Ted heads down to Florida 13 years -LRB- and some therapy -RRB- after the zipper mishap to find Mary . Along the way things happen that really have nothing to do with anything going on in the story . For example , one minute Ted -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- is driving down from Rhode Island -LRB- I think it was -RRB- to Florida and the next minute he is arrested . That and other gags seem to be nothing but gags . They are n't exactly believable and they do n't enhance the plot . They are isolated jokes . -LRB- You might like that -RRB- Mary is obviously supposed to be the most important character in this movie as the title is `` There 's Something About Mary '' but I never really was that impressed by Mary . -LRB- Or Cameron Diaz 's performance -RRB- . Mary was supposed to be a surgeon of which giving my past history of spelling errors and the lack of a dictionary handy I 'm not going to attempt to spell the type . -LRB- Orthopaedic , I hope -RRB- She never really seems smart enough and the script never gives us any reason to believe she actually has an office and/or a practice . I worked for one of those doctors/surgeons in the past and I can tell you that if Mary was really one of those people then she would have looked like hell had warmed over her . She would have had blood shot eyes and a general haggard look about her . They work extremely long and hard hours . Mary seemed free to do whatever she wished whenever she wished to do it . She had a lot of free time . Maybe she did not have a private practice as well as do surgeries but for somebody who went to medical school she seemed far removed from anything medical other than her relationship with her mentally handicapped brother . Mary seemed so artificial and shallow to me . She liked sportcenter and drank beer and talked like a teenage guy would . She sweared without blinking an eyelash . She fell for the BS that every guy in this movie fed her with . She was a bit ditzy . This is a romantic comedy ? She is a naive girl who seems to have the same tastes as a guy trapped in a woman 's body . Is the something about Mary that she is vulnerable ? If that 's it then it 's sad , not funny .
 The leads in this film are charismatic and believable , but they deserve better than acting out a serious of rediculous situations . The laughs were stricly `` high school '' and distracted from the sweet love story that was going on inbetween silly jokes . Some of the jokes were beyond silly , bordering on sick . A `` Daytona Beach Party Crowd '' will love this movie , but serious movie fans would like to be warned to stay away from this ` camp fair ' .
 Even a rental fee is a waste of money with this video . If you insist on seeing it to perhaps quench your curiosity , wait until it comes on one of the cable channels . A senseless , inconsistent tale of a nerdish male searching for his long-lost high school sweetheart with a lot of tasteless , adult humor thrown in . I hope the key players in this film eventually land decent movie roles in the future that add some kind of distinction to their careers .
 This movie is just not funny . It was as if it was made by Republicans . Republicans have no sense of art or joy of life . -LRB- They try to get by on Regis and heavy doses of prime time tv . -RRB- Harold Ramis said `` You should always work from the top of your intelligence . '' BUT obviously some folks cant be helped . By the way to the smug chap you made the dumb remark about `` closing the Bible . '' The Bible has funnier material in it than this movie .
 I am scared to think that people actually enjoyed this movie . If people actually enjoyed this movie , it really tells me that my neighbors have no sense of dignity or taste . This is one of the MOST dumbest movies I have ever had the misfortune of renting . Cameron Diaz is over-rated as the silly , smiling blonde who falls for the nerd who ca n't even zip his pants . Do you people allow your children to see this movie with such graphic and crude scenes ? Do n't buy this video . If you want to see a funny movie , without the unnecessary crude scenes , watch a Laurel & Hardy movie or Chaplin himself -- those actors really knew how to make people laugh , the classic way .
 Gosh , what a hilarious movie -LRB- * sarcasm * -RRB- . Come on - let 's be realistic , forget the hype -LRB- or the box office grosses -RRB- it was awful !! I think that the Farrelly 's just turned a five-act play into a feature film . Think about it , there were about five so-called funny -LRB- yeah , right -RRB- , scenes that did not even properly link together . The scenes that followed from them just seemed tacked on . Cameron Diaz was an ` orthopaedist ' -LRB- excuse me , while I just die from laughing -RRB- , who is so intelligent that she does n't realise that her ` hairgel ' is obviously something else - besides , who is stupid enough to put any old crap onto their hair without looking into the mirror afterward -LRB- oh , I get it - that 's WHY they cast Cameron ! -RRB- Also , the film was obviously a big ego trip for Ms. Diaz - ` gosh , I 'm so intelligent ! And all these guys are in love with me too ! ' Well , she could have them . Ugh , who would want to date any of those ugly losers ?! This film just proves that ex-models can make it big in Hollywood - regardless of whether they actually have talent or not . It saddens me that films like this are huge hits , when smaller films out there with better actors/actresses hardly make any money . Just go see an Angelina Jolie/Reese Witherspoon/Heather Graham/Robin Tunney/Sarah Polley movie - if you 're looking for decent actresses that , -LRB- I know it 's hard to believe judging by the state of Hollywood today -RRB- can actually A-C-T . Or if you 're looking for actors - go see an Aaron Eckhart/John Turturro/Matthew Lillard/Skeet Ulrich/Jim Caviezel/Jude Law/Johnny Lee Miller movie . Just do n't waste your time on this crap - or money , by contributing to it 's already oversized box-office grosses .
 This is one of the most atrocious attempts at filmmaking that I have ever witnessed in my life . This movie was even worse than , `` Romy and Michelle 's High School Reunion '' . That is saying alot since I would rather have my face rammed into a brick wall 100 times than see that again . Anyway , this movie is just dumb . The jokes and gags are not funny , the characters are annoying and basically you can get more entertainment from staring at a blank wall for 6 hours . I do n't know why everyone keeps dumping out their love for this movie on me . Just stop it . Now .
 skip this mess.after all the hype surrounding it i finally saw it.and basically even though it came out in the 90 's it could have easily been mistaken for a 3rd tier Spring Break movie.remember those films of the 80 's ? the zipper scene is the most talked about.yeah that sums up the film stuck.Diaz , Stiller have no skills and Matt Dillon never had any .
 A movie for morons . This movie represents the depths to which our culture has sunk . If you have progressed beyond third-grade sniggling at `` pee pee '' and `` poo poo '' jokes , have an IQ which exceeds single digits , or can walk and chew gum at the same time , avoid this movie like the plague . I literally did not laugh a single time . I will be glad when all the social taboos have been broken on film so that the mere breaking of a taboo can not serve as a substitute for wit and humor . You want funny ? Any episode of the Simpsons is funnier than this piece of garbage . The ten minutes of Raising Arizona before the credits is a comic masterpiece but probably too clever and too subtle for TSAM 's audience .
 Funny ? Sure
 Everyone had raved about how incredibly funny this movie was , so I went in with an open mind , and hoping to have a good laugh ... I didnt laugh once during the whole movie and cant figure out what all the fuss was about . I can appreciate raunchy junior high level humor , but while this movie had the raunchiness , and the junior high maturity , it seriously lacked in the humor department . The only reason I 'm giving it two stars is because the actors did a good job . . everything else about it was completely dissapointing . After a long while , I even tried to watch it again to see if I had just been in a bad mood the first time , or somehow didnt get it , but I couldnt make it through it a second time without turning it off . Obviously lots of people loved it , so all I can say is dont buy it if you havent seen it , rent it first , and then decide whether or not you want to waste your money .
 I went to see this movie after seeing several hilarious previews . Trust me , those were the ONLY clean parts of this movie ! It was extremely crude and vulgar . Grossest movie I 've ever seen !
 Not my favorite Cameron Diaz comedy . If you want to see her in a good dark comedy , check out the quirky comedy/mystery/suspense movie Head Above Water.I did like how the characters in TSAM were such extreme over-the-top slimeballs , losers , etc. . Matt Dillon did a good job in his role . The problem was , I expected the funniest movie in years and I did n't find it quite that good . Kingpin and Dumb and Dumber were funnier movies.This is a romantic comedy that 's not too concerned with the romance . So , there 's not much heart in it and the cheap yukks seem like cheap shots . All-in-all , a forgettable movie I wo n't want to see again .
 I do n't get it ! Did all these people who gave There 's Something About Mary four and five stars see a different movie than I did ? I found nothing clever or groundbreaking about its sexual humor ; it just lowered the bar for everyone else ! -LRB- For example , compare 1997 's mildly racy Austin Powers to 1999 's -LSB- post-Mary -RSB- excessively raunchy Austin Powers
 If you make a list of a few of the films involving Ben Stiller : There 's Something About MaryMeet the ParentsZoolanderTropic ThunderThe disastrous remake of The Heartbreak KidYou 'll have a collection of some of the most inept films classified as comedies of the past couple of decades.Ben Stiller obviously learned nothing from his brilliant parents , but he did make a lot of money.To quote the great writer , H.L. Mencken
 Something About Mary was quite frankly not funny . All the good jokes and funny parts I 'd already seen a hundred times on the television commercials , and there really was n't much else . I thought the plot was rather lame . Cameron Diaz did a great job with what little she had to work with for a script . This was just a very disappointing movie .
 Actually , this movie deserves 5 stars , I just wanted to grab your attention . It 's 10 out of 10 on the comedy scale . Anyone and everyone who has a sense of humor will laugh uncontrollably from beginning to end . I do concede the fact that supposedly `` cultured '' viewers will combat their laughter by blowing off the humor as disgusting , childish and stupid , thereby destroying the whole point of watching a comedy . For individuals who decided not to enjoy this movie and denied their joie de vivre , it is unfortunate that you passed on the opportunity to laugh harder than you 've ever laughed . As long as you do n't take yourself too seriously , you 'll love this movie . Outstanding and side-splittingly hilarious . Bravo !!
 I now appreciate what people mean when they use the phrase `` I did n't get it . '' Quite frankly , the only thing going for this movie is the fact that we get to see Cameron Diaz as often as we do . I postponed watching this for quite some time , over suspicion that much of the hype around it at the time of release was overrated . However , after its survival through the first couple of years as some sort of classic , I figured the Farralley brothers must have gotten something right . Furthermore , their earlier works were quite impressive , and so I was willing to give them the benefit of the doubt . Perhaps the pumped up expectations made the disappointment worse . The film was simply not funny . The endless array of slapstick and phallic humor , while initially mildly entertaining , became monotenous . Carefully placed , such moments can add greatly to a comedy 's enjoyment , as in `` American Pie . '' Furthermore , in this film , besides the dull , repetive `` humor '' scenes , it was very difficult for the viewer to relate to the characters . Obsession over lost high school love can work successfully as a humorous plot until the utter implausibility and stupidity outweighs any sort of comical value . At best , it was a poor backdrop to introduce the subsequent drama . Despite what Ms. Diaz may say about her character , the `` idealization '' of Mary is a message the Farralleys are eager to convey . From the days of Figaro operas and perhaps into ancient Greece , `` ideal '' women and moronic suitors have been the centerpiece of comedies . Such an idealization is in and of itself quite harmless . Yet it fails when the foolishness of this character is treated as naivete , rather than blunders on a par with those of her male counterparts . Mary is ever-so good natured in her view of people , and to be frank comes across as childish . She is never given the opportunity to be remotely canaving or scheming as the other characters . This creates a dull , onesided portrait even for a comedy . To be sure , the film had its good moments , as when Stiller 's character is interrogated . This was , sadly , the last of such clever maneuvers . The film is unmistakably one of the most overrated films I have ever watched .
 This is a comedy that could have been very entertaining if it was n't so confusing . What 's confusing about the movie is the title character , Mary , a girl supposedly so irresistable that her prom date tracks her down years later , the private detective hired to locate her falls in love with her at first sight ... and basically every man who sees her thinks she 's the hottest thing since Marilyn Monroe . But Marilyn Monroe she 's not . Truth is , Mary 's simply not very sexy . Scarecrow-thin , knock-kneed , gangly , with no breasts and no butt , no curves , no figure whatsoever , she looks like a guy from the front and back . Anna Nicole Smith -- with her thrusting breasts , tiny waist and voluptuous hips -- or the pneumatic Pamela Lee would have made far better choices to play the part of Mary than Cameron Diaz . Anna Nicole Smith and Pamela Lee have the kind of shapely hourglass figures that men drool over , while Mary just does n't have it . I sat through the movie confused as to why hordes of men were chasing after a female who was shaped like a twelve-year-old boy . If there 's `` something '' about Mary , please tell me what it is . I sure do n't see it .
 There should be stars with negative integers situated to the left of the y-axis intersection on the horizontal x-axis number line to rate this film . Watching this movie gave me the same physiological results as a good swig of ipecac . Everything from its lousy script and acting to its tasteless , sordid brand of humor -LRB- especially that `` have you seen my baseball '' ridicule of the mentally-challenged -RRB- made me regret even renting the video . To begin with , that offkey troubadour who must have been gonged by Jamie Farr , Jaye P. Morgan , and the Unknown Comic was painful to listen to . Cameron Diaz is currently a box office magnet with her charming looks ; but she appears incongruous with her unsuitable role in this flick . Equally wasted is the appearance of Ben Stiller who is bound to find funnier and more suitable roles in his future films . Anyone who thinks any part of this film is funny has to have about enough intelligence to half-fill a shotglass . Now that the global Human Genome Project is completed , the gene responsible for bad taste can be theoretically altered and any future productions of films similar to this one can be obviated .
 Although I would not my boys to see this movie , this movies humor will titlate their senses . Very poorly directed , drags in places . Basically , a simple plotline with a series of gutter scenes and heavy use of the F-word to make the film seem real world . Cameron Diaz and cast have some chemistry . Ending is really stupid with Oscar caiber performance from Bret Favre ... Not !
 This was the funniest movie ever . It just MAKES you laugh . You have to laugh . It does n't have as many funny scenes as some comedies , but the scenes that are funny are UN-forgettable . The thing the makers of this movie did , was they brought on one funny joke after another , so while your busy laughing your head off and hitting your chair as hard as you can , you miss the next joke . It 's great . Not only are the jokes as funny as hell , but at the same time there 's a very interesting story to watch . This is a cult classic comedy . Better than any other Romantic comedy -LRB- Most of which are very predictable and boring -RRB- . If any comedy can be called a masterpiece , than this is it .
 This is one of the very worst comedies I have ever seen . Even though I like teen comedies this boring waste of time does not even reach an eight year old level . Based completely on toilet humor , it is boring and disgusting . AVOID .
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Why did they have to make a movie about a geeky kid trying to get a guy hired to go look for his old girlfriend . I think that 's a dumb idea . Cameron Diaz is pretty hot in this movie but the whole movie is just plain dumb . When I first saw this movie in the theater I thought it was allright but now that I watched it so many times on video it has gotten boring and stupid . If you want to see a movie that 's more funnier go rent American Pie that movie 's hilarious . Stay far away from this movie it 's dumb !
 I saw this in a theatre , and I was the only one who was n't laughing hysterically . There were a few chuckles here and there , but this film is actually quite boring . There are long , dull stretches here between the gross out jokes , and the drama -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- is really tedious . Of course , the attitude towards sex is extraordinarily childish -LRB- which is the point -RRB- , and the film is extremely stupid . In many ways , this film exemplifies what kind of films were popular in the 1990 's ; gross out films with idiotic characters and really stupid behaviour and situations . I never found this film to be actually funny . The Naked Gun type films can be quite dumb at times , yet they 're funny . This film has a few mild laughs , but mostly it 's painfully unfunny . On a plus , this film does n't have the smugness a lot of 90 's films had , but that does n't make it much better . So , if you 're in the mood for stupid , stupid , and stupid , this film will do it for ya . If not , stay away .
 I ca n't say which movie in the world is the worst ever made , but when they give out the award this one will top the list . Electrocuting and blowing up the cat , rupturing Stiller 's male organ on his zipper , the ex porn star who plays a gay in a rest stop targeted by a massive raid . . these are a few running gags that should send you running 10 miles from any Fox cable channel that 's showing it for the fiftieth time .
 Yet again hollywood takes the American public one step further down the road of moral decline with the movie What About Mary . This movie contains a large amount of swearing , sexual content , several top-less scenes and basically anything else that you would come to expect from a portside bar . If you are a person of moral character and has an interest in any sort of family values , this is definately not the film for you .
 The movie is hilarious , funny 12 years ago , just as funny now . The amazon unbox service was horrible . Wanted to watch this on new years eve , but it took 8 hours to download . The Internet connection was fine , I even restarted my computer . Google it , tons of people have had the same slow download speed if not worse.Love using amazon , but I 'm staying away from their video service .
 The performances were fine but the script was weak as the plot.The good things are the funny scenes that you watch in the trailers and no more the rest is a superficial and stupid story.But the funny are very great I really laugh .
 This movie starts out with a lot of promise , with lots of laughs , but by the second half-hour , one is just clamoring for it to be over . It 's an extremely uneven movie -LRB- although it must be noted that none of this is Cameron Diaz ' fault , who does the best she can despite a poor script -RRB- . The movie is a bore , and a waste of time . What a silly movie - just skip it !
 This is not only NOT one of the funniest movies of the nineties , it 's also not really all that funny , period . I love the Farrelly brothers , especially `` Dumb and Dumber '' , but this movie misses the mark . The reason most people claim to love this movie so much is because of all the gross scenes . They thought that if they said they did n't like the movie , people would think they were prudish .
 This is a tasteless , vulgar movie with pretensions to being funny . There are countless other movies made along similar lines -LRB- man secretly overhearing girl 's idea of the right man and pretending to be one -RRB- which are genuinely funny , but this one makes you sick .
 goes for the lowest commond denominator in humor . i saw it in the theater and thought uh oh , there goes western civilization down another notch ... obnoxious . cameron diaz sparkles as always but was wholly unconvincing as an orthopedic surgeon or whatever she was supposed to be ... i realize it 's not a serious movie but it was n't as fun as i 'd been led to expect . disappointment .
 A number of times , when I rented a video , I saw the ad for this movie . I was looking forward to see it all because it looked like it would be one long sad & sorry joke . Alas , there is no scenario , the acting is appaling and all the gags are present in the preview ! what a waste of time and effort ...
 Poo ! Fart ! Pee Pee ! HA HA HA HA HA!If you liked `` There 's Something About Mary '' , the first line of this review must of given you a heart attack ! Hee Hee , I said poo ! After all , anyone who likes this movie is very childish and would laugh quite hard at a line like that.The simple fact is that there are no jokes in this movie . Just a whole bunch of people hitting eachother and using bodily functions as humour . It is all toilet humour ! Any movie where the main joke is someone with semen on their ear is for little kids and immature adults.I know this movie was not meant to be inteligent but it does n't justify laughing at toilet humour . The fact is ; this movie is n't fit for my garbage . If you do n't agree with me you probably are someone who belongs in the first grade . Hey , if you beg to differ , email me and express your childish opinions ! I expect some pretty intelectual opinions !
 A rather childish film that ca n't seem to rise above the low-brow and tasteless humor mainly suited to your typical pubescent male audience . Very entertaining for those who still give off childish giggles at silly bathroom and pecker jokes passed around their 6th grade class . Something to be expected from the Farrelly brothers , the comedic team who brought us ` Kingpin ' where our main character comically drinks up a bull 's semen thinking it 's milk -LRB- Ha ! Ha ! Ha ! So funny ! You got me there ! -RRB- and , of course , who can forget their other silly film that only gets dumber and dumber with each painful sequel.The main critic praises this film for having ` some genuine emotional content ' but I found little in it that could appeal to anyone above the maturity level of a twelve-year old . The defects in this film are much greater than just the ` simplistic camera work ' claimed by the main reviewer . Along with the camera work , the entire premise of this film is simplistic in terms of its immaturity -LRB- e.g. the idea that lust = love , silly dating games , masturbation scenes , semen used as hair gel , human fesces littering an apartment , etc. , etc. -RRB- Overall , a very silly comedy that can only appeal to the immature tastes of children or young adolescents . There 's no emotional or psychological content in this film worth pondering over such as with Steve Martin 's comedies for example . Rent it if you must , but I would n't waste my money buying this immature gimmick of a film .
 While some tasteless comedies can be funny , repeatedly , this is n't one of them . Overblown and dumb in an uninteresting way , TSAM is on par with all those SNL-skit-turned movies . A few chuckles that are stretched way , way past the point of being funny , and upon multiple viewings , you 're left asking yourself , why did I bother to see that more than once ???
 My , my , my ... What a disappointment that was ... I never got around to seeing the film while it was in theaters , but I kept hearing from friends how great it was . Finally , a nice friend loaned me her DVD and I just watched it . Plain and simple
 people actually think the farrelly brothers are comedic geniuses ?? please ... if this is funny , than the three stooges films were art ... i got this film through a video club and suffered through this ... i was literally looking for opportunities to laugh out loud ... the farrellys only asset is seeing how much they can gross people out . i like ben stiller , but the scene with the hair gel , made me want to question his sanity for taking the role ... i can name 10 actress who more talented and better looking than cameron diaz ... a note to the farrellys
 Are there words to even describe how much I hate this movie ? I know it had a lot of hype . I know it had a great cast . Unfortunately , they must have grabbed high school freshmen off the street to write the script -- and that 's probably an insult to freshmen ! It was like someone had taken the worst of human nature , thrown in a liberal dose of very immature bathroom humor , and then tried to shore it up with sight gags and cliches . Please ! It was a waste of good talent . What 's more , I felt slimed afterward . Whatever previews I saw on TV were the funniest and cleanest part of the movie , and the rest was just a big , big disappointment .
 A friend had recommended this film as a `` must see '' . I have to admit that after finally watching it , I now consider any movie advice from this friend as totally worthless . Underneath all the sludge there may have been a tiny glimpse of a somewhat interesting storyline , but who wants to bother looking for it when there are so many mundane , overdone , tiresome `` heard that one years ago in high school '' failed attempts at humor to cover it up.Sorry , but this this one just plain stunk up the place !
 The DVD arrived but when put into the Player it did not work !
 I wanted to like this movie.I wanted to recommend this movie.I wanted to slap the director in the head with a shovel for using the `` F '' word in complete idiotic fashion.Not that there 's ever a GOOD time to use that word , but what was the point of just randomly throwing it in there almost a couple dozen times?Some of the slapstick comedy is absolutely side splitting , fall out of your chair ; laugh until you pee , really funny stuff . Some of it really could have been funny if it had n't been so blatantly `` in your face '' crude . I think the comedy would have been there , without the obvious attempt to garner an `` R '' rating.There were about four scenes that made the mood so uncomfortable that my wife and I almost shut it off before it finished playing . Then when it was over , my wife commented that `` That 's sure not a take your date out movie ! '' translated `` You do n't get any brownie points for picking out that trash !! `` Do n't watch this movie if the `` F '' word offends you.Don ' t watch this movie with your kids , unless you do n't care about the masturbation question , premarital sex , or the `` F '' word.Don ' t watch this movie with your girlfriend or wife thinking it 's a `` chick flick '' . Which leaves me trying to ascertain , when it might good to watch this movie ... Maybe never ?
 Just kick your friend in the nuts and laugh a few times . You 'll save money and probably find it more entertaining .
 After reading all the glowing reviews for this movie , I thought that there MUST be something to it ... I was wrong.What a mess ... very corny bits , one in particular looked like a dated Monty Python skit -LRB- where Ben Stiller gets caught in his fly , and all of a sudden the whole neighborhood is in the bathroom trying to find out what 's going on , to his embarrassment . har har -RRB- . Romy & Michelles High School Reunion , bad as IT was , still offered more laughs than this .
 I hate it when they do n't create a Blu Ray with a proper master copy ! Why the hell would they bother using a lower quality copy to create this ??!?! It 's just plain lazy . Do n't bother buying , as it is obviously about the same picture quality as the DVD you already own!WAKE UP MOVIE STUDIOS !! IT 'S SUPPOSED TO BE HIGH DEF , FROM THE ORIGINAL MASTER , WHY WOULD WE BOTHER BUYING IT IF THE PICTURE IS THE SAME AS DVD !!!
 I could n't cover my son 's eyes fast enough , and my teenage daughter 's eyes were simply beyond my reach . Why , oh why did they ruin a hysterically funny film with that repulsive `` so you do n't lose control '' gag ? I 'd buy the move ten times over if only that whole disgustingly graphic sequence had been left where it belonged - on the editors floor .
 This is another movie that is just plain gross , unsympathetic , and STUPID , STUPID , STUPID .
 Cameron Diaz is wonderful . She manages to be charming , funny and dignified all at the same time . But she is the only good thing about this movie . The rest of it is bland , boring and juvenile . Frighteningly so in fact . If I was 14 and still thought body function jokes were funny , I might have liked this movie . As is , it is one of the stupidest , least clever , biggest wastes of time to come out of hollywood in a while . Do n't go see it unless your sense of humor got stuck in your pre-teen years . This movie is a big , big waste of time . And an insult to the fine actress who fronts it .
 Yeah , those movies about a group of teens who ` discover ' their sexuality . There is a scene where a woman grabs one of the boys by his genitals . When I was eleven , I thought this was very funny , even after watching it many times . Ten years later I saw the same scene and I was bored.Comedy is not intended to be deep , it is primarily for amusement , and I have no problem with ` physical ' comedy . I love Laurel & Hardy , The Three Stooges , and the Zucker/Abrahams team of Airplane and Naked Gun . But TSAM is not a good movie.Take away the faeces , sweat and semen and you have almost no story , no creativity and no acting . Come on let 's face it . Cameron Diaz would be outacted by an ironing board , and you must have been stupid if you did n't see every joke coming from a galaxy far far away.I know many people enjoyed this movie , but I think it was a bummer . I wonder if those who are laughing now will still be laughing ten years from now ?
 Certainly not my idea of funny , it was mean , crude and had only moments when it was genuinely funny . It was a reasonale success so I guess that proves that it is some peoples idea of a good time . eg . Who would laugh at a dog having the wires of a power cord pressed into its stomache or a man being shot for singing or a down sindrome man be smacked down by an egotistical mean spirited # @ ! % & for playing a game , try telling me thats all in good humour .
 This has got to be the most over-rated comedy since The Birdcage . Actually , it 's much worse than The Birdcage , due to its total lack of comic timing and its embarassingly awkward and tasteless `` humor '' -- e.g. guy mistakenly tossing some semen in his date 's hair and her rubbing it in , thinking its hair gel -- STUPID ! I could n't even finish the movie , it was so terrible .
 Funniest movie of the year ? You have got to be kidding . Cameron was so snobby . She was all like , `` No , i like this team better and so do you so i 'll dump him and like you . '' It was stupid , and suck . If their was 0 stars then thats what i 'd put it under .
 This is not funny . Sure you have the tacky -LRB- intended -RRB- hair gel scene ... but that was not funny enough to save this boring film . I mean what is the point ... middle class America is boring and tries to get thru with a little juvenile wit ... we know that already ... no need to waste time or money to be told again by a couple guys that can and have done a lot better .
 Nothing funny or sexy that is . This movie had one funny scene and that was when the cop bounced Stillers head off that table . That 's it , nothing before or after . It was way over hyped and so is Diaz . She is not the Goddess everyone seems to think she is , there are alot more prettier actresses out there than her , Julia Roberts for one . And Roberts can act too . If you want a movie watch this , if you want a Funny movie , see Deuce Bigalow , it 's worth the hype .
 This movie is plodding and not funny . Each gag is stretched beyond the breaking point , and there is no crackle of comic energy anywhere in the writing or acting . I am bewildered by the continuing fan base this movie has created . It is a witless and tacky movie . Renting it was a waste of money , and buying it would be even moreso .
 I only gave this movie 1 star because you ca n't give negative stars . This movie is painfull to watch , stupid , corny , and just plain not funny . Most of the jokes have been done before in one for or another . The plot is thin with too many plot twists . The ending is totally predictable , and so is a lot of the plot -LRB- even the twists -RRB- . In short , a movie to avoid .
 Acting was poor and contrived , much of the plot centered around violence towards women
 i ordered the movie -LRB- cd -RRB- - memoirs of an invisible man with chevy chase . i received it here in tulsa , ok and mailed it to baton rouge , la . only to discover it had a big scratch in it . i was very disappointed to hear this and dont know the procedure to follow , to fix this . i would be very hesitant to order anything else from here .
 The Chevy Chase film , the barely seen MEMOIRS OF AN INVISIBLE MAN -LRB- Warner Home Video -RRB- was assumed by moviegoers to be a comedy in the tradition of Ghost Busters , is instead a rather serious film that Chase believed would establish him as a dramatic actor . Director John Carpenter 's curious adaptation of the Invisible Man concept has cool effects and an unexpected story that is closer to a thriller than a comedy .
 a very good book . Much like Bonfire of the Vanities , this was horribly miscast and butchered . How this ever fell into the hands of John Carpenter and Chevy Chase , I 'll never understand . Someone else mentioned that Harrison Ford would have been better cast as the central character and I think that 's pretty much dead on but the screenplay would have to have been trashed and put in the hands of someone who wanted to create something that actually represented the original and also in the hands of a more capable director . John Carpenter may be good at what he does but he was way out of his depth with this and was probably incapable of controlling Chase . Bottom line , the books very good if not great and the movie is a huge disappointment that really sucks . On the other hand , if you 're a big Chase fan , go for it .
 This amaturish , grossly overpriced video 's title is actually `` In the Eye of the Ring '' . It is a 57 minute educational video production by Mithec Video Classics of `` Nibelheim , France '' -LRB- seriously , its in the credits -RRB- . CONS :1 . `` Animated '' ? -LRB- per Amazon 's limited description -RRB- The animation consists of a video camera panning across Arthur Rackham drawings . Most of the visuals are low grade video work -LRB- fat guys is silhouette , mulling around , pretending to be Fasolt und Fafner -RRB- .2 . I did n't care for the aloof tone of the narration , which conveys no enthusiasm for the monumental work of art it is attempting to describe .3 . Spurious , ill-considered attempts to forge contemporary links to things like `` stock exchange speculators '' , `` universal pollution '' , `` high society '' -LRB- of the Gibichungs ! Sure -- Hagen 's right upper-crusty -RRB- .4 . Characters are reduced to inaccurate stereotypes -LRB- i.e. , `` Wotan the Intellectual '' , etc. -RRB- .5 . Races through confused exposition , then stops to make bizarre speculations , like `` the ring = sado-anal complex '' . Strange .6 . Wild generalizations . There are a number of odd title cards , one which reads
 This was a wonderful series , but the canned laughter on this DVD is not the same as when broadcast and absulutely awful .
 Full of set piece dialogue , the first program was tolerable but thereafter the scenes could be anticipated and clearly were trumpted up stuff , not even remotely possible . British humor at its worse .
 I just did n't know what I was getting . I do n't like this one . I did n't even watch all of them . The first one was so bad .
 I 'm hooked on British dramas and mysteries but this one let me down . It 's much too gritty and dark . I did n't come to care for any of the main characters . I do n't know if it 's true of all the seasons but series one ended and left me totally hanging . I 'm not interested enough to pay for season two to see what happened . I ca n't say I care for that at all . Stott is very good and I really like Caroline Catz but not in this . Sorry but I did n't like it .
 Two copies of this disc , both from amazon.com , have an error in exactly the same location . The error , a 2-3 second pause , occurs right after the reactor `` explosion '' when Sam Neil 's character manhandles another character for mumuring that `` ramius will get us all killed '' . i must agree with the other postings - the quality of this disc is awful . shame on paramount for releasing it . its one of the finest action movies ever made ; a great story told very well with awesome visuals . but the low quality of the transfer takes away from all of that .
 The Hunt for Red October -LRB- Special Collector 's Edition -RRB- Paramount should be ashamed of themselves . The picture quality is atrocious . DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE IN DVD FORMAT ! Hopefully they have n't screwed up the Blue Ray edition.Unfortunately , I gave my old Laser disk player and movies away months ago . I have been replacing my favorites with DVDs and Red October was my latest purchase . I will probably throw it in the trash.I am , Peter Harrison ... . A disgruntled customer and pissed at Paramount for allowing this to happen .
 This is the most disappointing Blu-Ray movie I have ever purchased . It is not the picture quality or the story line - both of which are fantastic ... it is the poor sound quality - which is why you buy a blu-ray movie in the first place and one expects top rate sound quality.We have considered returning this movie to Amazon - the first one I have ever been prompted to do - as we feel it is a disc that has somehow slipped through the system and is defective in the quality one expects and rightly anticipates with the blu-ray technology.We used to own this movie on Laser Disc where the sound quality was first class . But on the blue-ray , with the volume turned right up on a sytsem that only uses three tenths volume as a rule of thumb , one could still barely hear the conversation which was faint and hardly crisp or distinct at all.Were it not for the cost of returning the product to the USA , it would have been in the mail weeks ago . It was not an expensive disc to buy in the first place , and so we feel that Amazon knew it had purchased ' a lemon ' and was selling it off cheap.So on sound quality , I rate it less than one star . The rest is top class -- but it is the sound effects that ` make ' or break a movie - so that is very important aspect of the enjoyment one expects when one has first rate equipment to play first rate DVD technology on.We already had a previously purchased `` The Hunt for The Red October '' on standard DVD , so after half an hour of hoping the blu-ray edition would ` pick up in quality ' , we took it off and put on the standard DVD version ... and here the sound quality was perfect by comparison ... though the picture quality was not as good as the blu-ray version . From this we determined that the blu-ray disc was faulty and made moves to apply for a return to Amazon for a refund ; the follow through of which we have not yet actioned .
 One of my favorite movies of all time . I 've had it on VHS and was thrilled to get it on cd but the disc itself is bad and wo n't play.I `` ve purchased many other movies with no problems at all but not so much luck on this one .
 The Hunt for Red October is a great movie that was made nearly worthless when it got converted to DVD . The nearly every scene has obvious dust specks as if you were watching it at a cut-rate theater 6 months after it came out . The compression scheme leaves other scenes so pixelated it looks like you 're watching the movie over the internet . Also , `` Hunt '' does not take advantage of some of the greatest features of DVD as it is broken into only 13 `` chapters '' and the sound is nothing to write home about . Save your money and record it off of HBO .
 Paramount 's role on the transfer of format on this movie is absolutely disgraceful . It will be a long time before I purchase any additional title from this Co. -LRB- I 'll rent it first -RRB-
 First I bought the initial DVD in non-anamorphic widescreen -- then the anamorphic widescreen version with stinko video and audio quality . And now the Blu-ray -- with incorrectly programed subtitles . To wit
 Of course its a classic film . Worst transfer to a `` high-definition '' format that I 've seen so far . Just by the DVD , you wo n't miss the extra static contained in the higher definition version here .
 This movie is one of my favorites , -LRB- I watch it several times a year -RRB- but on the DVD that I received the sound was not good on the first half of the DVD .
 I wo n't bother reviewing the movie , as there are plenty of reviews here that emphasize the movie itself . What I want to make clear here is that the quality of the DVD transfer and sound is totally unacceptable . The transfer is grainy , unsaturated , has horrible black levels , and perhaps worst of all , has insane compression artifacts . Top that off with the fatc that it 's NON anamorphic , and you 're in for a miserable experience.The studio is about to release a second edition , which I was looking forward to until I saw the stats - it 's also non anamorphic , which means it 's probably the same , rotten transfer . Until they remaster this movie , stay clear ...
 I like the movie , but anyone who buys the current release -LRB- gold stripe at top , `` Special Collector 's Edition '' -RRB- deserves a little fair warning , which I did n't get.The DVD offers 5.1 and `` DTS Surround '' in English , and stereo French . The big disappointment is that you ca n't get great sound unless you have one of those exact setups . Putting the 5.1 option through a high-quality 2-channel stereo , the lower half of the audio spectrum -LRB- tenor to bass , if you will -RRB- is thin and stilted . Listening for the wide variety of subtle bass background and sound effects which we all expect in HRO , it sounds odd . I assume some frequencies are stripped from the left and right channels and sent to the subwoofer -- if you have one.A big thumbs-down to whoever decided to omit a regular stereo track . My speakers are quite capable of reproducing all but the very lowest frequencies . Not having a fancy surround setup should n't deprive you of significant chunks of the soundtrack.Movie Comment
 I wo n't bother reviewing the movie , as there are plenty of reviews here that emphasize the movie itself . What I want to make clear here is that the quality of the DVD transfer and sound is totally unacceptable . The transfer is grainy , unsaturated , has horrible black levels , and perhaps worst of all , has insane compression artifacts . Top that off with the fatc that it 's NON anamorphic , and you 're in for a miserable experience .
 Great script , great cinematography ... its just that with all the available actors and time I just dont see why everyone had a differed accent . I just wished they would have studied a Russian accent and kept it throughout or just hire Russians actors . The story was a good one ruined by poor acting and a multitude of accents .
 I was always certain that this movie was an action film , but really there is hardly any action in it . Despite an excellent cast , including some small roles for quite well-known actors , this film just did n't seem to work . I have n't watched it enough timesa to remember what it 's about , because it 's just too boring . Maybe , there are one or two small tense moments in the film , but not many . I thought the jump from the helicopter to the sumbmarine scene waas good and the last ten minutes were quite good , but I feel the action gets rushed.But , if you like submarine movies you will like this . And , if you like Connery you will like this , but the film just does n't work for me .
 I ordered a video tape from this seller about six weeks ago , and after about a month of waiting , I emailed the seller to inquire about my purchase ... no reply , and STILL no product . Save yourself the time and money and DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER !!
 this movie is stupid . did the producers ever go on a submarine ? they did n't even wear the correct uniform .6 year vet of the submairne force
 We have never receive the DVD or a comment from the buy . We would love to receive the DVD we purchased . It there any information you can provide regarding this ?
 Not commenting in ANY way on the movie itself , this is a terrible transfer to BluRay . As noted by other reviews , the audio remix is awful . Very often , ambient noises overpower dialog . When you go from an action sequence which is loud , to dialog , you need to turn the volume up , and then turn it back down when action resumes . I spent the whole movie with the remote in hand . An example being early in the movie when the Russian sailors are signing on the Red October . You go from the Dallas with the radar operator hearing singing , to the bridge with the signing , and Sam Neil and Sean Connery talking . The volume difference is way too much.Video quality gets a little better , but the DVD was already pretty good . Overall , this is a terrible transfer and not worth any money .
 This DVD is so low in picture quality it is not worth purchasing . It looks like a used VCR tape that has been watched many many times . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Do n't get me wrong , I absolutely adore The Hunt For Red October -LRB- the movie itself I give 4 or 4.5 stars -RRB- , but there are just a couple of things that niggle with the DVD -LRB- Region 4 -RRB- . DVDs are , or at least they have come to be considered , a step forward from the theatrical release . They usually provide just that little bit more than the theatrical release . Here the additional features include the trailer and subtitles for the hearing impaired -LRB- which , as I 'll get to in a minute , is a very good thing -RRB- . A bit light on for what has become standard in the additional features department . Okay that 's not such a big deal , maybe a little bit of a let down , nothing more . As is the failure to fix up the SFX muck-ups in the end sequence - during the moonlit ride up the river in Maine . It 's a shame that Industrial Light and Magic , who did the effects , were n't able -LRB- for what ever reason -RRB- to go back and fix-up the bad overlapping where trees and the river are seen passing through a ghostly opaque Alex Baldwin . And we know from the Special Edition of The Empire Strikes Back , that ILM now have the technology to fix up this problem . Okay , again this is not a problem , and indeed it could be argued that this maintains some integrity within the film . But the DVD does n't get bonus stars/points over and above the theatrical release from me . Can it lose some ? Well yes.Firstly , the picture quality could 've been better . Secondly , if you 're going to have subtitles that translate spoken Russian could we get it right ? I mean , it was entirely possible to get them right on the theatrical release . In fact , it was even possible to get it right with the `` Subtitles for the hearing impaired '' , so why ca n't they replicate the subtitles from the original movie into the standard play on the DVD ? It does make a difference when lines are missing . For example , the significance of having Dallas fly out of the water kind of loses impact -LRB- and bemusement -RRB- when you do n't know what the Russian sailor is yelling out -LRB- i.e. , `` The Captain has frightened them out of the water ! '' -RRB- . A real shame , a little slack and a little lame -LRB- was the person re-typing out all the Russian subtitles doing a little creative re-editing - well they should n't have - tut tut tut -RRB- . If you 've never seen it before , by all means buy this DVD , especially if it 's the same price as the video because the sound is better on the DVD and it truly is a wonderful film . Just watch it with the hearing impaired subtitles on , because the ones on the standard play , well they -LSB- are disappointing -RSB- . The DVD of this 4 star film , gets 2.5 stars from me .
 very poor quality , one dot very slow to buffer as well , as well as random stops to buffer some .
 I love the Hunt for Red October and the makers of the DVD did it a horrible injustice . The video quality is horrible . I tend to buy DVDs for the enhanced video quality , but save your money on this one . Just buy the VHS version and save your money because it is not worth it .
 One of very few DVDs I * often * re-watch , and excited to purchase the Bluray version , I am terribly disappointed in the lack of image quality . The Bluray version on my very new contemporary Bluray player and year old HDTV , is extremely grainy to the point of distraction & disgust . I wasted my money and will go back to watching the DVD version .
 This is a quick review of the Blu-Ray release of `` The Hunt for Red October '' . The picture quality is lousy . It ranges from near-pristine to uber-grainy and changes with each camera angle making this version hard to watch.When a Hollywood studio invests in a Blu-Ray transfer of an older film , why ca n't they take the time to do it right ? Grrrr ...
 firstly this is more of a rant than a review ... the movie is great one of my favourites which was the reason in me buying this dvd , i own it on vhs . there i was expecting a remastered picture with enhanced sound but ... WHAT HAPPENED ! paramount have just transferred the movie from film to disc with no cleanups whatsoever ! the picture is grain ridden and the colours are bland , in fact i get a better picture on my vhs version . add to that the bare bones features -LSB- 1 measley trailer -RSB- , which is normal for most paramount movies being reproduced . dear oh dear , i would n't have minded about the lack of features if they had only cleaned up the picture and sound , but the have n't and i 'm left with one of my favourite movies in which the representation is worse than the vhs version.another paramount rip off!the film gets 4 stars but i 'm going to have to give this dvd a big fat 1 star for poor presentation and lack of features , do n't waste your cash folks , keep your vhs version if you have it , you 'll get a better picture and sound and better value for your money .
 The movie itself is awesome , but these reviews are n't about the movie but the package they come in . The digital download package is below average . While the streaming and PC download may get by , the portable video file is horrendous . You should really be given the option to decide how large the mobile file is . If your video screen is larger than 3 inches expect to be extremely disappointed.You 're really better off buying the blu-ray and encoding the file yourself . PC blu-ray readers are going as low as $ 30 , after all.Amazon 's DRM system is also draconian and a huge pain . While it 's probably the movie industry 's fault more than Amazon 's , Amazon did agree to it did n't they?In short , avoid purchasing the download versions unless you do n't mind sub-average quality , 2 downloads for the PC and 2 downloads for your portable device . Just avoid it entirely so perhaps the consumers can force the industry to grow a brain and stop hurting the hands that feed them .
 Although it says that this blue ray is region free , it does not play at all on both my Sony Playstation-3 and my Sony Region 2 Blue Ray Player , Model #BDP - S1E .
 This movie is one of my all time favorites for kewl action and awesome sound for a theater system . Loved it on VHS . But the DVD is pure TRASH ! It is the worst DVD I have bought yet and am returning it . Pictures are very fuzzy and unclear , even compared with movies of similar vintage . Paramount ripped us off by just slapping this thing on DVD with no focus on quality . DO N'T BOTHER WITH DVD . Stick with the VHS version .
 For an action movie , this movie was slow going and failed to keep our attention spans engaged . We enjoy these types of movies ; however , after watching he Bourne series it was a real let down though it can highly recommended .
 Great movie -LRB- as we all know -RRB- but the BluRay edition if horrible . We can barely make out the audio even with the TV turned up double the volume . Save your money !
 One of THE greatest Sub movies ever filmed has received absolutely shabby treatment from it 's recent transfer to DVD . Overall , the DVD menus are fine -LRB- though lacking in any sort of comprehensive background material which would be expected with a DVD that carries a label of `` Special Edition '' -RRB- . The audio is also fine ; however , even that should have received the DTS treatment rather than just the Dolby Digital.The main crime committed against this film was the horrendous film-to-DVD transfer as it is presented . Frankly , with the sheer graininess and tendencies towards pixelization , I ca n't help but think that this is a VHS-to-DVD transfer . Not even a pristine VHS tape , but one that has been played daily for over 10 years ! The video quality of this transfer is the worst I 've seen of any movie in a very long time . Shame on the production company that made this transfer!This great movie deserved a lot better -LRB- Special Edition ??? -RRB- than what it got !
 `` The Hunt for Red October '' is a smart , tightly directed adaptation of Tom Clancy 's novel of the same name . It 's probably one of the more entertaining submarine movies -LRB- if you 'll buy into the genre -RRB- . There are some wonderful performances -LRB- especially by Joss Ackland , Courtney B. Vance , and the late Richard Jordan -RRB- as well as some inspired casting -LRB- most notably Tim `` Dr. Frank-N-Furter '' Curry as Dr. Petrov -RRB- . While this film is certainly no `` Das Boot , '' it is highly entertaining for all of its 134 minutes.However , as an avid collector of DVDs and laser discs , this is perhaps the worst video transfer I have ever seen . In fact , I 've seen Chinese bootleg copies of other films that have been superior in terms of video quality . For example
 I read through all the reviews for the movie to see if it was worth the upgrade from DVD to Blu-ray for 8 dollars . Convinced that the Blu-ray -LRB- with Alex and Sean on the cover -RRB- was the newer -LRB- and better -RRB- transfer , I bought it . The other Blu-ray -LRB- red cover -RRB- was , by all the negative customer reviews , the bad transfer with poor picture and audio so bad , some customers said they had to turn it up to hear the dialogue.After watching the movie -LRB- Alex and Sean on the cover -RRB- :1 . Poor audio - there were times when you could not hear the dialogue over the background noise -LRB- i.e. doctor telling crew the Captain was going to scuttle the ship -RRB- 2 . Video that would be crystal clear during one part of a scene but hazy/blurry when the camera would flip -LRB- change angle -RRB- to the other side of the scene . There was even a noticeable jump in the video during the conversation between Jack and the Admiral -LRB- aircraft carrier scene -RRB- . This movie is one of my many favorites , but the quality of this Blu-ray transfer makes me wonder just how much companies are willing to cut corners to save a buck instead of producing a quality product that customers want .
 When the show first came out it was so bad . It pretty much served as a really long public service announcement . Now the show has gotten ridiculous !! This person is having sex with this person . The younger sister is trying to hook up with the father of her nephew . The boy who was supposedly so in love with Amy got another girl pregnant !! I mean come on . So now the show is pretty much saying that getting pregnant at 16 is n't so bad . Granted not the worst thing that could happen but 16 is too young to become a parent in my opinion . The show needs to make its point and be done with it .
 A pseudo-deep study / soap opera of two rather repulsive , sick individuals ... The problem with the movie is that the two main characters , as rendered , areimmature self-dramatizing individuals that are forever drinking , smoking , talkingdirty , and talking about themselves . When did either of them have time to write ?
 To begin with , this movie supposedly based on the book is , in my opinion , garbage and not representative of the book . That being said , I am glad that I went ahead with my plan to read the book , as it has much to offer . Especially interesting to me is the historical account of the making of Key West , the Spanish War , life in China during the Japanese invasion , and World War II intrigue . All of it is conceptualized in the life of Hemingway and `` third wife '' Gellhorn , making it better , and more improbable , than fiction . The movie is embarrassing and inauthentic .
 KIDMAN 'S PORTRAYAL OF GELLHORN MISSES THE MARK . GELLHORN WAS A GRITTY , VERY TALENTED AND INDEPENDENT WOMAN WHO DID NOT NEED HEMMINGWAY 'S TUTORING . BOTH HEMMINGWAY AND GELLHORN WERE PORTRAYED AS CARICATURES OF THE REAL PEOPLE . HEMMINGWAY WAS MUCH MORE THAN A CAROUSING DRUNK MOST OF THE TIME , AND GELLHORN WAS NOT THE SEXY , KITTENISH PERSON THAT KIDMAN SERVES UP . HAD EXPECTED MUCH MORE DEPTH THAN THE FILM DELIVERS .
 Just watched HBO 's Hemingway and Gellhorn ... rather watched about half of it before deleting it.A pretty bad movie . So bad , it reminded me of the movie `` Pearl Harbor '' from ten years -LRB- or so -RRB- ago , in that the viewer can tell there was a great deal of money spent to create the special effects and pay the salaries of the big-time stars in it . However , the script , directing , and overacting ruins this film . I believe that some of the stars in it are undoubtedly embarrassed they agreed to do it.How to describe it ? Scenes so awful they were funny , chock full of dumb lines , and overacting . The writing and directing ? Nevermind .
 The two main characters -- Hemingway -LRB- Clive Owen -RRB- and Gelhorn -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- are supposedly supporters of the poor commoners of Spain , yet they are portrayed as royalty themselves . This is evident in the very first scene in the bar . It 's as if the proles in the bar are ignorant dirtbags who defer worshipfully to the superior wit , intelligence and physical beauty of the two main characters . In other words , it 's typical Hollywood -- shallow elitist tripe .
 Hammy acting , hammy dialogue , cheesy music cues ; it 's a terrible movie . I 'm a fan of Hemingway 's writing and even I could n't force myself to sit through this . No wonder HBO premiered it on a Monday night .
 Although this may be a lovely video about fall in Vermont , I was extremely disappointed that it is only about 23 minutes long . It is advertised both on the outside of the cover and on the DVD itself with a running time of 1hr ,10 minutes . Sorry , I can not recommend this DVD due to fact it is not worth the price .
 I just ca n't help disbelieving that this new version leaves out `` I Just Ca n't Help Believing '' the opening track and greatest song on the `` That 's the Way It Is '' album . I also just ca n't help disbelieving the way this film butchers the original version as if there was nothing worth while in it except the music ! This DVD is a great COMPANION PIECE to the original documentary , but a far LESSER FILM . In fact , it 's NOT a film at all ! Watching this is like sitting in a room with a person with attention deficit disorder who keeps fast-forwarding a documentary to all the music scenes he likes , letting it play for a while , and fast-forwarding again . Do n't get me wrong I LOVE the additional music footage , but why could n't they just add it to the original film , and leave the film in tact ? The original documentary -LRB- and I did n't say Music Video -RRB- gets FIVE stars . This release gets docked three stars for playing to the M-TV culture of slam-bang action and instant gratification and removing the fascinating context of the original film . Inexcusable and disappointing .
 The Bonus Features on this edition has a bad picture quality.They use copys of the third generation !! That 's not a good job!Of course the movies are great , but the original film is in MONOand the BONUS is a joke for the year of 2007 ! Greetings from Germany
 The ` Special Edition ' is fantastic . But , it is the same as the 2001 edition ... The ` Theatrical Version ' sounded better on VHS & TV etc. . . THEY BLEW IT !!!! The sound is low ... no Bass ... awful !! I bought this to get the ` Theatrical Version ' with GREAT sound . There are moments on that version not on the ` Special Edition ; like when Elvis tries to find a working microphone ... the `` 2 out of 4 aint bad '' part.I cant believe in 2007 they can do no better than this . It almost a 2nd generation ripoff of the VHS.PS - This is not Elvis ' fault ... he gives great performances ... ruined by the thumblefisted production crew.They filmed 6 shows in 3 different outfits . Give ME the MASTER tapes and I would produce a 4 hour extravaganza for all Elvis fans.Horrible job .
 The remastering is excellent , but I prefer the original film . Some of my favorite performances are missing -LRB- like BRIDGE OVER TROUBLED WATER -RRB- as well as ALL the interviews . And how do you access all the extra songs that are supposedly included ? I ca n't find them anywhere ! Try to find the original version before it disappears !
 I saw the movie , then I bought the 8-track , the LP , later the CD and now the DVD just to found that missed 8 of the 12 the sound track songs , I 'm very dissapointed
 What a disappointment . The original was truley entertaining , showing Elvis rip his pants , classic dance moves , and interviews with fans . WHY change a good thing ? They should rename the video Elvis - thats part of the way it is ...
 If you have the original version of this great film , in whatever format , hold on to it ! This is not the original movie !! I love Elvis and I love `` Elvis
 I LOVED the original movie and had the original VHS . So I bought the dvd for my collection . Imagine my shocking disappointment when I found the dvd is missing songs ! MISSING SONGS !!! They have removed some of the best songs e.g. Sweet Caroline , Bridge over troubled waters etc. . And the sound is EXTREMELY POOR ! You can not hear Elvis unless you turn the volume way up and when you do that there are other distortions . And this does not happen in the original VHS which is many years old now . Please compare this DVD with the original VHS -LRB- not the VHS version released alongwith this dvd -RRB- before agreeing with me . I can not believe that in 2001 , with all the available technology they have put out such a mediocre version of a great movie . I have a big collection of dvds -LRB- bought from AMAZON -RRB- and most are awesome and some not so , but believe me , this one stinks . I am sorry to have to write such a negative review about a DVD that has one of my favorite performers - ELVIS .
 I was very disappointed when I got this dvd set . The Special edition is excellent both sound and picturewise.The Theatrical version is just horrible . The sound recording level is extremely low -LRB- you 'll need either very sensitive speakers or a very powerful amplifier to get normal volume -RRB- . Also , bass is practically nonexistent , and it 's mono too . This sounds worse than old VHS versions . Picture quality is also inferior to the Special edition . All in all , the widescreen laserdisc sadly remains the best way to view the Theatrical version.The outtakes are interesting , but they are too plagued by the very low recording level . The sound on them is much worse than on official or bootleg cd 's . Picture quality varies , and is generally poor .
 In this new 2001 version of `` Elvis That 's the Way it Is '' , a true Elvis fan can not help but be bitterly disappointed by the array of disjointed and cut-up `` outtakes '' that this movie represents . The original movie fully captured the essence of the Elvis era , and the excitement that fans felt in anticipating and experiencing an Elvis performance . The original has a coherent flow from pre-stage preparations to wonderful full versions of his stage performance . This new version is a hodge podge of his worst moments with the majority of the quality cut out . The stage performance is bleak with emphasis on the `` hamming it up '' moments rather than hearing his awesome full length performances . Even `` Bridge Over Trouble Water '' is sliced out . With the exception of the novelty of seeing a few new pieces of footage -LRB- however poor they maybe -RRB- , the Original version in my prediction will become a `` cult '' classic with this later version taking a place on the back shelf .
 If you already have the previous special edition do not buy this . The first disc duplicates exactly that release . The 2nd disc whilst having a few interesting extras is the original release . This is poor quality as compared to the first disc , and duplicates the concert again -LRB- if you already own the previous special edition -RRB- . I 'm afraid this is just a money making exercise to cash in on the 30th anniversary of his death .
 It 's a shame what warner has done ! We were looking forward to this Special Edition for so long . I finally grapped my copy today , drove home as fast as I could and put the second dvd into my player ... My first impression
 Fans were justly horrified with some of the editing decisions made in the `` new '' version of the film -LRB- especially the ommission of ' I Just Ca n't Help Believing ' -RRB- . Now the original has finally been released on DVD in the correct aspect ratio but with a MONO soundtrack -LSB- it was originally 4 track stereo -RSB- .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY , ORIGINAL VERSION , IN MONO , THE OUTTAKES VERY POOR PICTURE AND SOUND , THE SOUND AND FILM OF THE AFTER PARTY SEGMENT OF THE OUTTAKES ARE COMPLEAT IN THE ENDING CREDITS OF TTWII S.E. 2001 RELEASE , YET WARNER CHOOSE TO CHOP UP THE SOUND UP HERE , WHAT A UNNESSARY RIP OFF .
 In another classic example of RCA/MGM 's attempts to give fans only portions of songs and performances , this DVD , while adding new concert footage , also cuts several songs from the original film . Why ? You have to feel somewhat insulted by the fact that the DVD version still features a nervous Elvis talking about forgetting the lyrics to `` I Just Ca n't Help Believin ' , '' and then does n't include the song ! It 's almost insulting.We all know DVD is capable of much longer footage , yet this release barely outruns the original . Even songs that are included in the original are cut for this version , such as the shortened and sadly missing `` Hut-two-three-four , I learned that in the army '' seque in `` Polk Salad Annie . '' They could have included everything here , they simply chose not to . Probably so that a `` special , special edition '' can be released later , or for a new product named `` Elvis Live In Las Vegas , '' for which we 'll all have to shell out another $ ... Put this together with the original concert footage , include the original version on Side 2 of the DVD -LRB- which they 're perfectly capable of doing -RRB- and you 've got something . But why do that when they figure no one will know the difference ?
 Save your hard earned dollars . I purchased this DVD and This Is Elvis special edition as well . It is a repackaging of the same old stuff . The best part of TIE is the car scene where Elvis says , `` I was buried in a ? # % -LRB- # $ '' . Followed by lots of laughter . It may as well have been bleeped out . When this movie was on TV in Canada years ago , the sound was great and one could hear everything . Everything ! I was hoping the live Little Sister would include Get Back , but no , we are sadly disappointed . Again ! Maybe someone in the know could tell us just exactly what outtakes are being held ` in the can ' and why . Is Elvi $ still the meaning of Elvis ? Elvis On Tour in our future ? I think , again sadly , no .
 The original version of `` Elvis
 I just ca n't help believing ! -LRB- Actually , this is one of the songs that is not included on this DVD . Can you believe it ? -RRB- I have no idea how to access to those `` Bonus Selections '' that are listed . I think there must be something wrong with the production line . Read the other reviews , they are all true
 This is a Turner Entertainmnet/AOL/Time / Warner film . It is NOT the MGM film . Turner has destroyed my memory of the original film . There 's lots missing , nothing has been added except a -LRB- for the most part -RRB- horrible sounding soundtrack . A travesty . Stick with the old MGM VHS .
 What a tragedy
 Elvis fans waited a long time to get this on DVD . The great original VHS extended version is subjugated to secondary status here
 Disc No 2 - Very disappointing - Not Dolby Digital - Concert and complete disc only 1 speaker sound.Please answer if this is to be so?Regina
 Cheesey production quality , terrible script , hokey acting . Disney this ai n't . Unless your kids are mindless video drones , save your money and leave this gobbler on the shelf .
 Even the unrated version of this movie was a disapoinment.All of the `` special '' scenes were either slow , or broken up with parts of other stuff happening in the movie.If you really want to see Tweed at her sexiest , see `` Scorned '' !
 A fairly decent story.If you were expecting to see a lot of nude Tweed you will however be disapointed.The sex scenes are very contrived and as sexy as dried cow dung.Ms Tweed is still a great looker but the bod is going !!!!
 This `` DVD '' does not play on a DVD player . My top-of-the-line Sony DVD player -LRB- in 1998 -RRB- says to `` insert disc '' when this DVD is in . Perhaps it 's a `` burned '' disc and not a `` pressed '' disc.I had very high hopes in seeing this film once again as I had seen it on PBS when it was originally released . It was , to me , a very interesting film and this DVD has left me disappointed . - Thursday 26 August 2010 .
 Interesting premise , great acting from an amazing cast . Maybe not as quite up there with abre les ojos , but still pretty good . Also and appearance or two from a very young and sexy Paz Vega.why the 1 star ? I would give it zero If I could . THE QUALITY IS AWFUL !!!!! this looks like a bootleg from chinatown.well , this transfer was worse quality than that . If amazon would let me return it for a refund , I would be quite happy . There should be some sort of quality check before this stuff can be released legally .
 The first two copies I got were simply unable to play on my DVD player - simply would n't read and kept saying error . I finally got a third copy that also would n't read but I was finally able to watch it on my state of the art Imac . Go figure ! This is a fascinating movie with a lot of twists and turns and suspense if you 're able to watch it . I think the studio that released this , Venevision , has a lot of quality problems .
 People be aware of this product this video does not work on any type of DVD player in the USA . They do describeb as a REGION 2 DVD But , if you do not know what this mean you will be stock with a DVD that you can never watch . In addition because it comes from out of USA the shipping is high and you end up paying more than if you would have bought it here in the USA at any retail store . . I strongly recomend you not to buy from this company . they wont even accept returns . So there it is you have been warned
 I 'm happy . I 'd seen this movie years ago , and now I own it . It was great seeing it again . It 's one of those movies that you can watch over and over ; whereas , most movies -- seeing them once is enough so I just rent them from Netflix . This one 's a keeper .
 A pretentious and predictable thriller which fails to thrill or offer anything new . Michael Douglas risks it all by by cheating on his wife with Close one day . Yet of course Glenn still wants him and it all goes nightmarish after a while . Good cast is wasted in typically inept Lyne movie .
 The first flaw
 I wanted to reach out and punch Michael Dougles ' character . He displays the arrogant attitude some men have that their needs are different from women 's . I could n't agree with Alex more when she challenged him why he allowed this when he was so happy in his marriage . OK , I was happy with the ending . Alex died and the family remained intact . But I am a confirmed rabbit lover . That is why I ca n't handle this movie .
 disc will not play ... says please regect disc ... will not play in your region . . i have bought many movies . . this is a first for me ... boo boo
 This movie was okay . The first 30 minutes were kind of a drag . I 'm not exactly sure why this film garnered as much attention as it did . I made note of the old style taxi cabs , the big shoulder pads on women 's clothing , and the telephones with cords.Glenn Close was quite creepy and did a good job drawing the line between sanity and insanity . When she slit her wrists and wiped it on Michael Douglas - that should have been his cue to run away from her !! In the scene where they ate spaghetti , it made me want to eat spaghetti all of a sudden.Other than that , kind of boring , we all knew she was going to snap , it was alot of waiting to see it happen . Did n't really enjoy the film .
 As others has stated -- the single , independent , working female character is , well , crazy , dangerous , and -LRB- gasp -RRB- aggressive ! She tries to destroy a marriage and is stopped , of course , by the loyal , suffering , dignified wife -LRB- also see `` Presumed Innocent '' -RRB- . A straight male fantasy movie that makes Michael Douglas ' character out to be the victim . Wow . Hollywood is such an old boy 's club .
 ... you are married to Anne Archer and want a fling with Glen Close , do n't ever worry trying getting help from a shrink
 This video was sent to me and I got half way through and it was defective . I sent it back and I am waiting to get another copy !! Carol
 Very typical of movies from the 1980 's . Materialism , Sex , Violence , Gore , really dull dialogue lines -LRB- which means they have to make up for it with all the gore and sex and violence -RRB- , and to top it all off , a strong woman character villain -LRB- typical of the genre of feminist backlash prevelant in the 1980 's - thank you Susan Fauldi , author of Backlash -RRB- . I had heard about the rabit scene from the two people who recommended it but was not impressed when I did see it . The wrist slashing scene was pretty good ; the ending , with her bloated choked body floating in the water and that fako bullet hole in the end was also tasteless . I just do n't see someone going that far . No good probing on the questions of love or adultury or marriage as social contract vs passion . THis is truly for audiences of the 1980 's ; I 'll stick with more stuff out of the 1970 's - at least we saw some degree of taste and plot and character dev . back then . None of that in this flick .
 Sorry , but I do n't get off on boiled pets and slashed wrists . I found the scene with the boiling pet rabbit extremely distasteful . I avoid this film like the plague .
 This movie was well made . It had a good plot and story line . I was very dissapointed in Glenn Close . I used to like her as an actress , but she played a very terrible person . I just cant beleive she would star in a movie like that . Otherwise a good movie
 This is more of a Rorschach Test than a movie . You may takethis film as * an 80 's cautionary tale about the dangers of extra-maritalsex , * a feminist revenge fantasy * a post-feminist conservative allegory * a modern update of Monday Night women 's wrestlingA happily married man -LRB- Michael Douglas -RRB- has a perfectlyinexplicable weekend affair with a business associate . -LRB- GlennClose -RRB- . What is a fling for him is the start of an obsessionfor her . When he tries to retreat , she follows him-even intothe bosom of his family . She visits his wife , kidnaps theirchild and even kills and boils the family bunny . -LRB- this lastscene alone should earn Fatal Attraction a place in theHorror Hall of Fame -RRB- Fatal Attraction did very well indeed at the box office , perhaps because it touches so many nerves . It gives the aud-ience a chance to identify with the wimpy , cheating husband , the borderline-crazy associate or the brave , injured wife.It also creates an atmosphere of partisanship in whichto cheer for our favorite.All this shared psychodrama does n't make for a good movie.There is not a shred of motivation for most of the action , the suspense comes mostly from some laughable director ` stricks . In fact this movie has nothing to offer exceptunrelieved operatic hysteria and this is its final , fataldetraction .
 Was really looking forward to watching this movie since I enjoy Denzel Washington and have noticed that it is played on HBO and Cinemax quite often , but for some reason I was disappointed . Not sure why , but just could not get into the movie . The script did not seem very original and kind of bored me throughout the movie . Maybe because the picture quality on the dvd from early 90 's was so poor that it made the movie look too old . Try to see it on one of the high-def HBO or Cinemax channels but otherwise if you skip seeing it do n't think your missing much.Peter J. Miller
 A sure way to ruin an otherwise intriguing thriller is to loosely tie in patches of action as though someone sat and conceived all these sequences and then threw in a story to somehow tie them in . `` Ricochet '' had Dezel W , pretty much the sole reason I picked up this movie . And it started with a bang , literally , followed by some superb action right down to the middle of the film.Yet , midway through the whole charade I just forgot to care about all the gory violence , not in the least due to its implausibility . Some scenes with Lithgow 's terrifying cameo as the bad guy are even quite menacing and impactful . But at the end one only leaves with a taste of crassy action from cardboard characters in a staid plot.An ignorable number .
 The film strip on the movie was damaged . While the movie played the appearance in the television screen looked as if someone was pulling the strip . The television tried to hold the picture however the picture was stretched out throught the entire movie ad this VHS tape was not in good condition .
 -LRB- spoilers , but do n't worry ; you 'll never want to watch it anyway -RRB- Every few years or so , I come across a movie that seriously contends for the title of `` worst movie ever made . '' Godzilla was one of them , then 200 cigarettes , tomb raider ... Anyhow , if it were n't for the respectable effort made by Denzel Washington , this movie just might take the cake . . Denzel plays a cop-turned-DA and Lithgow is a psycopathic hitman who has an obsession with breaking out of prison and getting his revenge on the man who put him away.Nothing here seems to make any sense . For example , the sword fight at the beginning between Blake -LRB- John Lithgow -RRB- and his cellmate -- first of all , Blake already established his dominance as soon as he entered the jail cell and beat up his new roommate . This bizarre neo-medeival sequence , using books and newspaper as armor , has no point at all . It 's just a excuse to showcase some really bad dialogue.And as for really bad dialogue , Ricochet is unequalled . I cringed at least once every two minutes . Lithgow is so ridiculously serious in his role that anything he says sounds like it 's a mockery of himself . It reminds me of the head gangster in the movie Ghost Dog , except in that movie it 's * supposed * to be ridiculous . Who knows - maybe that was the idea here.The end is totally gratuitous . The plan that Denzel comes up with is completely foolish for one thing - if his plan were to fail , which would almost certainly happen , he would end up completely ruining himself . But in the movie , it does n't fail . Ok , fine . But then , when he has Blake surrounded and could easily have him captured , or at least video-taped to prove that he 's still alive -LRB- oh yeah , Blake made a preposterous escape at the beginning of the movie and then faked his death -RRB- , he draws the charade on longer and has Blake chase him down to the Watts Towers . . -LRB- The fact that the towers are used is the only cool thing about this movie besides Denzel . . -RRB- It just seems like he 's making things as difficult as possible for himself . He comes off like an idiot.A good mainstream suspense movie should have a very intellegent protaganist and a slightly more intellegent antaganist ; the only reason the protaganist should ever win is because of his absolute commitment to survival and justice , not because the antaganist is easily tricked into silly little scenarios , like being electricuted on Watts Towers -LRB- would those towers really conduct that much electricity ?? -RRB- I misread the title of the movie on my Satellite TV guide and thought I was going to watch a movie about Pinochet . .
 First off , Denzel is the man . No debate there . But this film is flat out one of the worst movies I 've seen . Macro Micro of SF pretty much nailed the review , no need to repeat the points . As if the film were not laughably bad enough , we 're left with the prospect of the scary reviews on this page . I was hoping that those stars and raves were offered in sarcasm , but I 'm not convinced we 're that lucky , instead we are left with the solemn thought that these are likely the original and earnest thoughts of the authors . Someday these people might be serving on your jury.Thought . Were these reviewers fibbing when they checked the `` I am over the age of 13 '' box required by this website?Denzel , your still the man . Word .
 I 've been a fan of George Carlin for quite a while , so I was looking forward to seeing this DVD . But after the first few minutes , I turned it off - because it turned * me * off . I do n't mind `` the 7 words you ca n't say '' in a comedy sketch , but being vulgar right off the bat - nope -LRB- what I call `` jr. high humor for boys -RRB- . George Carlin is very intelligent and can be really funny - check out some of his other work .
 Disappointed . Listening to a `` few '' of his skits is preferable to having to watch an entire performance .
 Carlin was always acting like a bitter old man and people call that `` funny . '' I saw the act `` Religion is b. s. '' and `` abortion , '' and there was no humor , just sarcastic support for his own wicked ways . The `` invisible man in the sky '' came down and took on human form in the person of Jesus Christ . Yet , Carlin rejected the faith which has as its symbol `` a guy nailed to two pieces of wood . '' Carlin also thought he could improve the ten commandments . Well , first of all , that guy nailed to two pieces of wood wanted to atone for Carlin 's sins so he would n't be judged by them on the other side of the grave . And with respect to the ten commandments , Carlin perpertrated the idiocy of juwes by observing the letter of the law and ignoring the spirit of the law . For , if you loved God and neigbhor , you would n't break the commandments . For love is the heart of the commandments . God says He sees no pleasure in the death of the wicked . Carlin was a foolish man , and we can only hope he repented before he died .
 While boasting the full complement of Venoms , one of the few they all appear together , the story here is uninspiring and weak . While I 'm more than willing to overlook a weak plot if the action is compelling , such is not the case here . The box art heralds that `` there is no shortage of action . '' Not only is there a shortage of action , there 's a drought of action . The movie drags along at a snail 's pace for four-fifths of the movie , then culminates in an extended , longer than most , arguably tedious , final showdown , featuring clever acrobatics and only slightly better than average fighting . This is clearly one of the weaker Venom flicks ... BUT if you 're an avid Venom fan , you still got ta get it , of course .
 The acting in this movie was not the best . The special effects were unrealistic and the main actor could not act . The fantasy characters were decently played but because the main actor could not act everything else did not make sense .
 Putting aside the fact that the subtitle -LRB- DUTCH ! -RRB- issue is a pain in the neck , the PQ of this title leaves much to be desired . It is only marginally better than the DVD release . While the movie itself is still pristine with excellent writing , effects and direction -LRB- for its time -RRB- , I think we will have to wait awhile for the North American release for a decent blu-ray master . There were times when I was watching the movie where I felt like I was watching the DVD ! Spots here and there , edge enhancement is not what it could have been , and with films many decades older looking light years sharper , there simply is no excuse to rip off the customers time and time again with lackluster blu-ray titles such as this .
 While I truly enjoy this movie , this DVD rendition is very poorly considered and executed . First , WB chose to take the widescreen movie and only offer it in 4:3 TV aspect ratio , rather than offer an alternative to see the movie in the original widescreen 16:9 . So , the vistas are narrowed and pan and scan is the order of the day . Second , at one point in the DVD there was a very visible fiber on screen for quite some time . So , they were cheap , and did not have good quality control . Hopefully , WB will release a better rendition of this fine movie onto DVD .
 The Neverending Story -LRB- Wolfgang Petersen , 1984 -RRB- All we in America knew of Wolfgang Petersen in 1984 was Das Boot . How were we to know that it was completely out of character ? His followup , The Neverending Story -LRB- and a smattering of films since , e.g. . In the Line of Fire -RRB- have shown that Petersen has a far more absurd air than the brilliant , but relentlessly depressing , Das Boot would have us believe.The Neverending Story takes that sense of the absurd to its logical conclusion . Thankfully , Petersen had snapped back to something resembling reality by the time he made the film after this , 1985 's Enemy Mine . But for The Neverending Story , Petersen pretty much cut himself loose from anything anchoring him to the earth and took off in a flight of fantasy that is , at the very least , a little disturbing.Someone wiser than I once said of such films that `` if you see them when you 're eight years old , they 'll be great forever , but if you see them for the first time in high school or older , you just do n't get it . '' -LRB- Thus , the continuing popularity of The Goonies has finally been explained . -RRB- I was in high school when The Neverending Story came out , so I guess my reaction was n't much of a surprise . It was fun for what it was , though readers of Michael Ende 's novel are likely to feel cheated and those with even a shred of subtlety are going to be beating themselves over the head for the movie 's final twenty minutes.Barret Oliver -LRB- D. A. R. Y. L. , Frankenweenie -RRB- stars as Bastian , who spends his time getting picked on in school and listening to his father -LRB- Gerald McRaney , years away from Major Dad fame -RRB- talk about how awful it is to have an imagination . While running from the school bullies , he stumbles into a bookshop owned by a rather odd chap named Koreander -LRB- Thomas Hill , who played the president in The Nude Bomb , the Get Smart movie -RRB- . He secures a book from Koreander whose plot is , in essence , the rest of the film -LRB- save the merciless moralizing at the end -RRB- . Despite said merciless moralizing , some of the things the beginning of the film imparts to the viewer are that it 's okay to steal stuff from stores as long as you leave a note saying you 're going to give it back , it 's okay to cut school as long as you have something better to do , and that no matter how long you stay away , no one will come looking for you . -LRB- Is it a spoiler to say part of the end 's moral is that these actions have no consequences ? -RRB- I 'm sure those who were slightly younger when this came out have a decidedly different take on it , but take the advice of my ever-so-wise friend . If you have n't already seen it , you 're going to sit there at the end wondering what all the fuss was about . **
 While I do appreciate this film for at least having some very grand and unique visuals , I ca n't say the same for the actual plot . Well , maybe not the plot itself , but the pacing . This movie goes by WAY too fast . I do n't feel any real connection to Atreyu because the plot moves along to fast and does n't pose any real threat to him until the very end . First , after the horse that I did n't care about and is INCAPABLE of emotion died after sinking into the swamp of SADNESS , Atreyu looks pretty depressed , but does he , a human CAPABLE of emotion not sink to his death , well eventually he starts to sink , but why does n't it happen right away ? Second , why did the film introduce us to the goblin , the rock-biter , and the ... other guy , and spend so long establishing them if they have nothing to do with the movie at all . Lastly , and this is just a personal gripe , who in all hell has been so scared by a book where they have actually screamed out loud . `` And all of a sudden , the head of a giant turtle popped out '' ... AAAHHHHH !!!!!!!! Holy s ** t , that was absolutely terrifying .
 I have only a few words to say - The Book was WAY better . The movie is based on fallacies that are n't present in the book . It 's only saving grace are the adorable and strange characters of Fantastica
 The theme of reconciliation with dad that occurs in the Neverending Story might be great for all those kids out there with great dads , but for my kids whose dad does n't reconcile/apologize for anything , I think the movie teaches kids they have to be heroes themselves and maybe then dad will come and everything will be alright . Do you know how hard kids try to make this happen ? Let this be a cue to dad 's out there to watch the movie and , if there 's ever been a time when your relationship with your kid was n't great , to go to your kid and apologize and get some professional help for both of you to really work it out .
 The book was not one of the best children ` sbooksI 'd ever read . It was one of the best fantasy books I 'd ever read . I remember being so excited when this movie was finally coming out - an actual live-action rendition of what I 'd imagined for so long . But the movie was quite shallow in comparison , and designed for children . The book was designed for adults , though children would find it enjoyable . The sad thing is this could have been so much better , so much more true to the book and philosophical and engaging.But perhaps the problem was this book should never have been made into a movie . It 's uniqueness precluded smooth transition to the screen . Every chapter ends with , `` But that is another story . '' It made you feel like this was real , and continuing on . This was further impacted by the merging of reality and literature that is occurring within the storyline -LRB- portrayed in the movie -RRB- , reminding the reader and the viewer that they are actually reading and watching , just as the main character is , but the main character is drawn into the fantasy , and so maybe , just maybe , we can be too . This feeling however is largely lost in the movie form .
 This is for children with imagination . I watched this 30 times as a kid and loved it . I have no idea why its pretty simple and bad . Kids may still sit through it .
 This movie sucks ! It is THE most confusing unappealing movie I have ever seen!Don ' t buy this movie it is a waste of money . The story is about a fantasy island thatis swept away by the `` nothing '' and has the worst ending . Really bad quality and horrible graphics.The biggest waste of time . Please DO NOT by this movie .
 As I read reviews of this movie , I saw several people complaining about the fact that the movie did in fact end -- they called it a ripoff . I call it an act of God . Can you imagine if this movie actually did go on forever ? Somebody get the noose ! I say Thank God this movie ended.Why , you may ask , do I loathe this film ? Well , where shall I start ? How about the plot -- the idiotic , feeble plot . A boy in the attic of his school -LRB- what school has an attic , and why is it filled with creepy , dusty props and manikins ? -RRB- saves a world peopled with cheesy Star Wars refugees from an encroaching void . Huh ? Is it just me , or is that really dumb?Now lets move on to the acting , or lack thereof . I fast-foward many parts of this movie -LRB- when strange circumstances have me watching it -RRB- just because I ca n't stand the stiffness of it . It reminds me of those dusty manikins found in my school 's attic.Next , the horrible music . My eyes actually water with embarrassment just thinking about it . It sounds remarkably like what would happen if Yanni found his brother 's old Casio in the closet and , without planning or skill of any kind , churned out this soundtrack.Finally , the general feel of this movie totally turns me off . Right from the get-go , when that annoying little boy enters the disorganized bookstore and says , `` I have 186 books '' and then proceeds to list them , lumping James Fenimore Cooper in with Edgar Rice Burroughs . Oh , God ! Tear yourself away from yourself ! As if that would make me want to go out and read a book -- some dopey kid gloating about his intelligence . And the best part is that this story , which boasts that it teaches kids morals and all that jazz , never repremands the brat for being so proud and stuck up ! They actually reward him for it , as the bookstore owner is impressed and respects the braggart . It is so preachy , and I do n't like having twelve-year-old bigheaded boys telling me right from wrong . Sorry , that 's just not my idea of a great film.So therefore , if you like pretentious nonsense that has a bad plot , bad acting , bad music , bad special effects , and bad morals , then The NeverEnding Story is a perfect film for you ! Just do n't make me watch it with you .
 described item as like new but it had scratches and smudges all over it . there are categories for all types of dvd conditions - USE THEM CORRECTLY
 This movie is complete trash . First off , IT ENDS !!!!! How can a `` neverending story '' END ?!?!?!?!?! People are n't stupid you know ! A movie ca n't claim to go on forever and then come to a conclusion . Second , what does Bastion yell out the window at the end ? I know it is `` supposed '' to be the name he gives to the child-like empress , but WHAT IS IT ? For all the times I 've watched it , I still can not understand what he is yelling . What pisses me off the most about the scene is that the people who closed-captioned it for television and video could n't even understand it !!!!! I MEAN FOR CRYING OUT LOUD !!!!! Is n't it kind of necessary to understand the name he gives her ? Did the people who made the movie just decide `` Well , we ca n't think of a name for the child-like empress so why do n't we just have him scream incomprehensibly ? `` I first saw this movie when I was a little kid and let me tell you something . It scared the HELL out of me !!!!! If the movie is going to be marketed as a kid 's movie , make it enjoyable for kids and not something that gives them nightmares . Kids movies should be light and funny , not dark and forbodding.Let me say just one more thing . As terrible as this movie was , the other two are even WORSE !!!!! Please , in the name of all that is holy and sacred in this world , as well as for the sake of your own sanity , stay away from these movies .
 When the villain of the movie is `` The Nothing '' do n't expect the movie to have all that much in it . No sword fighting , not really even much fantasy , no swashbuckling , or fair maidens , just a lot of peaking through hole in ceramic dishes , cheap costumes , bad acting , and -LSB- bad -RSB- dialogue . -LRB- It 's so bad it will probably make you flinch . -RRB- Buy either Princess Bride or Lord of the Rings or just save your money !
 When I first heard of this movie I knew I had to go out and buy it . I wondered all the way home from the store , `` How did they fit an infinitely long movie on one dvd . '' When I got home and actually watched the movie , I was shocked . It took nowhere near an infinite amount of time to watch it . If they call it never ending , it really should n't ever end . I just heard they have a sequel out , so I 'm going out to buy it tomorrow . Maybe they realized their mistake on the second one . I 'll know soon enough .
 Neverending story my azz . It 's over in an hour and a half .
 What a shoddy piece of garbage . Is that kid hanging out in the attic of his school playing with matches ? I do n't get it . A big ol' crybaby , screaming at his book . -LRB- Was he caught drawing unicorns in his math book ? My god . -RRB-
 Cheesy script , poor acting and -LSB- bad -RSB- special effects make this movie a total -LSB- flop . -RSB- I walked out of the theater when it was released .
 How dare they call this the Neverending Story ! I mean it ended right . Is n't that called false advertising . I am very dissapointed , I was expecting to have a continous on going story . The title mislead me from the start . Ok so they marde part 2 but where are the rest of the parts . If it truly is the Neverending story then there should be an infinite number of parts , coming out at regular intervals . I give this 1 star since they wo n't let me give a 0 , for false advertising and for misleading the public .
 The story line and characters are average for the genre of the movie . But what really ruined it was the `` dragon '' . It has to be the worst rendition ever concieved of a dragon , it was a dog stretched out .
 I usually never spend my time writing reviews of movies or products . But in this case I felt I had to vent about this utter disappointment that Warner Home Video has produced . This review is not about the movie itself so much as the Blu-ray and it 's shortcomings . Especially when compared to the DVD which says a lot because there was only ever 1 DVD release of this fantastic film and it was even among the first generation of DVDs produced , and it STILL whoops the Blu-ray 's ass no contest.This release is a horrible injustice to anyone who is a fan of this movie and has been eagerly been anticipating its `` upgraded '' Blu-ray version . I loved this movie as a kid and I still love it as an adult . Plot & story aside , the movie is quite literally a cinematic work of art . A true visual & aural masterpiece of the fabled 80s era of movies that a lot of us grew up with . To this day there are very few true fantasy films out there , and this one has always been among the classic greats of my generation.If ever a movie deserved a top quality re-transfer & release , it is this one . Not many people have never heard of The NeverEnding Story . The DVD release was actually pretty damn good . and I could understand why Warner Bros. stepped back and decided it did n't need a 2nd release on DVD . But then in 2006 Blu-ray made its debut , and many of us avid movie collectors became very excited about the prospect of seeing the movies that we grew up with look so good in pristine 1080p . At first I was a bit jaded about the whole thing , because I had already spent so much money over the years amassing my vast DVD collection . And now here comes big bad Blu-ray to try to make me start all over again and make my DVDs look inferior by comparison . But when the prices came down I decided to give Blu-ray a chance , and am so happy I did because it is -LRB- usually -RRB- a massive step up from DVD . But not this one ...
 If you 've read the book , you more than likely will be severely disappointed by this movie -- there are so many problems with the `` retelling '' that it 's hard to think of them all . Most obviously , of course , is the fact that the movie only goes through the first half of the book , but there are many , many others -LRB- Falkor ends up being able to travel from Fantastica to the `` real world '' , which is explicitly ruled out in the book -RRB- . If you have n't read the book , you may well enjoy the movie -- a quick glance at the four - and five-star reviews will tell you that . However , if you only see the movie , you 're doing yourself a grave disservice . Take the time to read the book , and find out what Fantastica really is about.In short , the movie is a good movie -- until you read the book and realize just how painfully they 've mangled it . The Neverending Story is one of my favorite books of all time , but one of my least favorite movies . Do yourself a favor -- turn the TV off and read the book . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I do n't know what these other reviewers were thinking ; this movie was absolutely awful . Bad acting , bad special effects , bad music , dopey formulaic story . I know it 's old , but we -LRB- my wife and I and daughters ages 10 and 11 -RRB- have loved other movies from the same era , such as Labyrinth . Skip this one ; it 's not worth your time .
 SO I 'm watching it and thinking , ` It must be looped or something , How else could it be Never Ending ' . Next thing I know BAM , it over . What a rip off .
 The quick and dirty is
 When I was very young , i saw this movie and thought it was ... okay . Now that I 'm older I 've done something that many people feel to be boring or useless . I 've actually READ THE BOOK and it is glorious ! For one thing , the book is much more in depth , Artax can talk in the book , Falkor looks `` leonine '' -LRB- it specifically states `` leonine face '' -RRB- , Atreyu is much more noble , and the southern oracle is way more than just a couple of sphinxes . One thing I want to clear up forever
 I picked this up out of the bargain bin at the local big box store , where it was only one of two Blu-Ray titles on sale . I love the movie , but even paying bargain bin price I felt cheated after buying this disc.I have a 1080p HDTV and a Blu-Ray player connected by HDMI cable . The back of the box says it 's 1080p , but it looks awful for a Blu-Ray movie . They did n't bother with any picture enhancements AT ALL . The colors are off , and there 's noise and artifacts , which are inexcusable on BD . Not only is the transfer extremely LAZY , there are NO extra features . Not one . The sound was OK but I ca n't judge the 5:1 because I do n't have a surround sound system.If you have one of the DVD releases , do n't bother getting this one . Shame on WB for the cheap money grab .
 Bought this item because it was a old time favorite from when I was a kid . Thought my son might enjoy it . Was shipped fast so I was happy with that . However the quality of the movie was not impressive at all . It looked as if it had been a poor copy of an original .
 While I love the movie and had it on vhs , I could not show it since I only had a DVD player . Go To Amazon I thought . It was no problem to order the story or have it come up on my intell computer except for the fact that the sound was too low for my class to hear . I tried every adjustment I could find . Amazon , the sound level on the computer and even going to my computer settings to fix it . We had to turn it off unwatched after about 15 minutes .
 volume does not work will not play properly.tried several players and did not work on any of them.have to blast tv just to get little soung .
 BOOOOOOOOOO ... How bout the studio actually get 's the director involved w / this blu-ray release instead of just releasing a bare-bones one ? Apparently Wolfgang Petersen was n't even acknowledged of the blu-ray release , which he says he would 've loved to have been involved with , see article
 I love this movie , but you should know before you buy , that it looks like they just transferred it from the DVD . It does n't look bad , but it does n't look like blu-ray
 One of my favorite movies . Great fantasy story , great characters , awesome movie visually , HOWEVER , THE BLU-RAY transfer stinks . At best , It 's no better than the DVD . I sure hope they come out with an improved version .
 The Blu-Ray release is so bad that some scenes appear to be out of focus because of the high contrast . The regular DVD gives the best result .
 I suppose most of you who are raving on have n't read the book . If you do you 'll realise the movie is trash . It stops where the book actually begins ! Whoever made this movie just dd n't get what the book was about - it has so much depth !!!! The movie is just superficial special effects . Forget it ! The movie ends with someone saying how many wishes Bastian gets to have fulfilled . The book shows just how furtile the entire proces of wishing is ; it is a mystical tour-de-force . The book is 10 million times the calibre of a cartain litle wizard who is getting too famous for the good of him . It has depth . It has everything . Read it ! ANd forget this movie .
 I am sorry to offend anyone who lent a hand in producing this film , but I can remember our teacher showing this film to us as a treat on Valentine 's Day one year back in elementary school . I can not remember every meticulous detail of the plot , but I do remember the key details , such as a boy escaping from a store with a book that helped to unlock a whimsical world and having to help its residents protect their dying queen . I can remember being bored by the film , and if I had to say one thing about it , it would be this
 It was slow , but that 's ok - it is from another era . However either the version I watched on Amazon was chopped badly or the movie really is incoherent , hard to follow with things and characters popping in an out for no apparent reason . Seemed quite chaotic , the music was too much . A badly told story . Do n't waste your money on it .
 Viewing a movie as an adult that you once enjoyed as a kid is a good way to see if it stands the test of time . Many of those films that stand the test of time are from the Fantasy genre , including Labyrinth and Dark Crystal . Would I add Neverending Story to that list ? Hell no . The dubbing is atrocious -LRB- funny Germans -RRB- , and the costumes and `` effects '' are flat-out bad . Labyrinth looks better than many movies released these days , and easily trumped Neverending Story when it was released two years later . The story and plot had the potential to be interesting , but the execution makes Neverending fall flat . And sure , Neverending Story may have advocated reading in the mid-80 's , but Labyrinth advocated the use of psychedelics , which is the next step up for mind expansion .
 Notwithstanding the greatness of the special effects , the whole content and message of the film have not aged terribly well . In today 's world , children need a message a little deeper than
 I 've seen this movie before , so I knew what I was getting . What I do n't know is how the movie can be shipped and take 17 days to reach you . SmokeyMountainBooks shipped it quickly , but it took over 2 weeks to reach me . That makes no sense to me . I thought 3-5 buisness days was pretty standard . I will never use them again .
 How odd that a movie based on a novel that encourages kids to read has no
 Very poor quality sound . Appears to be a copy of the original . Very dissatisfied with purchase .
 SO I 'm watching it and thinking , ` It must be looped or something , How else could it be Never Ending ' . Next thing I know BAM , it over . What a rip off ...
 I love this movie but give it 2 out of 5 stars , as I noticed on two occassions that dubbing was enacted to sensor the swear word . Completely disappointed by this .
 Worst Blu-ray transfer I 've ever seen . So much so that I had to pull out the original DVD to check it out . Lo and behold , the standard DVD ACTUALLY LOOKS BETTER than the Blu-ray . I was able to `` upgrade '' to blu for only $ 5 , but I thought it was necessary to let anyone else know to save their money ... even if it is only 5 bucks . If you do n't already own the movie and still want it , you may want to look for the DVD version instead as you can probably get it cheaper .
 National Lampoon 's European Vacation is just plain horrible . I hate this one more than Vegas Vacation , Vacation and Christmas Vacation are the most funny and original . I am surprised this second film of the franchise is directed by Amy Heckerling , all of her other films are brilliant . Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo reprise their roles and even though all the Rusty 's and Audrey 's are different actors , these two airheads are so untalented , where did they get these two kids from ? Stay away from European Vacation , it 's a piece of trash .
 I 've watched the original Vacation countless times and also Christmas Vacation . I 've always enjoyed them both so I figured I 'd check this one out , as well as Vegas Vacation . The humor is just horrible in this movie , none of it is even funny to me . The same can be said for Vegas Vacation . Chevy Chase tries to stay true to the original Clark character in this movie and he fails . The kids are very forgettable too . The series follows this pattern
 Do not buy this movie ! This is the most disappointing Vacation movie out there . Not only was it very slow , it included multiple shots of female frontal nudity , which was n't expected as it was only PG-13 ! Buy Vegas Vacation or Christmas Vacation instead . Both of those movies are hilarious .
 Amazon 's editorial review of this film is n't far off the mark . This does seem totally like it should be renamed `` Vacation XVI
 This time Clark Griswald and family win a European vacation on a television gameshow.The worst of the vacation movies , it 's not that there are no laughs there are a few , mostly provided by Chevy Chase . The laughs are n't often enough , and there are too few of them . The scene were Clark backs into Stonehedge is classic . If you must see this , I recommend renting this instead of buying it .
 I was in this film and I think it 's pants . Rusty 's dream sequence on the plane to London where he is in a `` nightclub '' surround by punks - that 's me - 2nd punk on the left with a large red and black mohican , if you freeze frame you can actually see me !! Except for that split second there is nothing of merit in this dreadful sequel to a quite funny original . Rusty you just want to slap and Audrey you just want to drown.Truely awful .
 Not as good as all the rest . It was just ok . Funny in some spots , sick in some other parts . If you are in the mood to get a stupid movie this is the one ! You must see Vacation ! It ` s the best !
 Dont get me one iam a huge Chevy Chase fan !!! I even like Funny Farm a movie that the credicts vanished from the boxoffice hits forever ... . But why did they like this ???? Like a lot of Chevy movies alough the comedy might be a little off -LRB- not Chevy 's fault now -RRB- it still some how keeps you still watching whenever you are in the movie watching moodSo does this movie , , but a offal cast !!!!!! Chevy and Beverly of chourse return , but the russ and Audrie ?!?!?! whats up with theam ?? Audrie is a little toleratable but Russ ?!?!? I forget who he is plated by but he looks likesome all american red head , and his voice is a little country hick to , you can tell they casting agency for Warner Brothers wear on a very tight schedle for this movie becuase they just took the person who first walked into the door !!!! Rent it or catch in on Comady Central its on there once or twice a month but DONT BUY IT !!
 This was a `` wanted to be '' monty python.Here are a number o reasons why this movie is stupid .1 . If the makers ca n't think of any humour they throw in naked ladies .2 . It 's often slapstick predictable humour .3 . It lacks new ideas from the original film .4 . It just is n't funny .5 . It 's just an attempt to beat monty python .6 . The first was a lot better7.It has no story line and you ca n't relate to any of the characters .8 . It just -LSB- stinks -RSB-
 Another trip for the Griswalds . It just does n't work in Europe of course , and neither does the plot . So not funny .
 I 'm flabbergasted that they put the dumbed-down tv version of this movie on dvd and not the theatrical version . They took scenes out , changed scenes and dubbed dialog to create this mess of a dvd . Not only that , but the movie looks funny . The aspect ratio they used makes the movie look weird . I was eagerly waiting for this funny , well-done movie to be released on dvd and I am bitterly disappointed at this made-for-tv garbage . This tv version will only appeal to an unsophisticated mass audience.Attention Warner Home Video
 This is NOT the original version !!! I 'm very disappointed that Amazon.com did n't disclose this information . Scenes are missing and parts are dubbed over . Funny parts are still funny but it 's just not the same . I feel duped .
 I of course love the first two `` Vacation '' movies and I always will . So I was excited to see this come out on Blu-Ray . Sadly , this is yet another `` cas grab '' Blu-Ray that is nothing more than an upconverted DVD in disguise - grainy picture , mediocre sound . You 're better off saving a few dollars and getting the DVD instead , as you 'll get the exact same home theater experience .
 Do NOT sell your normal DVD to move up -LRB- LOL -RRB- to this abomination of a blu ray ... from the opening WB logo which appears grainy and soft ... you know whats coming and that is a low quality blu ray . I 'd avoid until WB actually upgrades the VACATION series ... the first one also came out on blu ray and its marginally better ... still not worth the exchange . . save your money .
 The Griswold 's -LRB- mis-spelled here as Griswald -RRB- European Tour is far inferior to their cross-country trek to Walley World . First time around Clark had a goal , a destination , and pay-off for the audience when he finally got there . Second time around he 's just wandering aimlessly from country to country , and it does n't make for great entertainment I 'm afraid.The Griswold 's win the grand prize in a humiliating TV show called ` Pig in a Poke ' and are sent to England , France , Germany , and Italy on an all expenses paid trip . The bulk of the humor is a scatter-shot approach to comedy that abuses tired clich&eacute;s and cultural stereotypes for quick , easy , cheap laughs.Director Amy Heckerling may have used the first Vacation as a reference , but she does n't have the control over the film that Harold Ramis did , and frequently allows the actors to ad-lib with the assumption that whatever they do might be funny . Even comedy actors need direction , and Heckerling 's poor effort ruins many scenes that had potential . Even her camera placing and angles seem awkward and unbalanced . The grainy , low-key photography is also completely inappropriate for a film featuring such a wide range of scenery . Her use of stock footage is bad too -LRB- a shot of the Statue of Liberty shows no Twin Towers of the WTC , which were built in 1972 ! -RRB- , and heightens the slapdash nature of the production . A few scenes seem to be edited out of order too , which leads me to believe that the script flowed a little differently before being rewritten -LRB- Clark leaves the London hotel , moves literally five feet down the street , then asks for directions back to the hotel -RRB- . John Hughes ' influence on the script was obviously minimum . Vacation and Christmas Vacation were ficionalised accounts of his own family 's experiences . But European Vacation feels like a quick cash-in on the original 's success , and co-writer Robert Klane does n't know how to inject the pathos and satire that was so easy for Hughes.The European trip is definitely lagging far behind Walley World , Christmas and Las Vegas . A better director and a tighter script would have saved it . But Chase is as watchable as ever , and the only reason to sit through this poorly-made drivel.The Blu Ray features a mediocre 1080p 1.78:1 picture -LRB- the photography was never anything to write home about anyway -RRB- with DTS HD-MA mono sound . Extras are limited to a Chevy Chase commentary in which he speaks like he 'd rather be elsewhere .
 After the hilarious classic that was the original `` Vacation '' , this film was a complete and utter disappointment . Not to say that it did n't have it 's moments . It does . Just not as many or as memorable as anything from the original , or even the hysterical `` Christmas Vacation '' . Once again , Chevy Chase and family hop on a plane after they win a trip to England after appearing on a game show hosted by the always great John Astin . Once there , hijinks ensue . I 'm talking about Mrs. Griswald being kidnapped . That sets up the climax of the film . I think jumping on a plane and just getting to your destination is what ruins this film and `` Vegas Vacation '' . A trip there , like in the first , is more entertaining and more open to comedic bits . The kids , Rusty and Audrey , are the worst ones in the series . Has anyone noticed that their ages do n't change ? . They also go up and down in height and weight and hair stylings . In reality , Rusty and Audrey would be 0ver 30 . But , amazingly , in every movie they 're still 14 years old . If there 's a 5th film , maybe Chevy can take his grandchildren on a vacation ? . Speaking of Chevy , he is just fine in this . He 's funny . The movie , as a whole , is definitley not . Watch out for a hysterical Eric Idle in a small role . Could of been so much better .
 Dir Amy Heckerling , Starring , Chevy Chase , Jason Lively , Dana Hill and Eric Idle , Robbie Coltrane , Mel Smith . -LRB- 1985 -RRB- The Griswolds head for Europe.Memorable cameo appearances by Eric Idle of ` Monty Python ' , Robbie Coltrane of ` Cracker ' , British Drama Series . -LRB- Chase -RRB- gives a great performance , as well as his son Rusty -LRB- Lively -RRB- But to be honest -LRB- Hill -RRB- did not work for me as the gluttenous Audrey.On the other hand it 's great for laugh or two , and perfect for the family . Mark Stassen .
 Even before I was old enough to really get the jokes , I watched all of the VACATION movies -LRB- even saw VEGAS in theaters when I was 7 or 8 -RRB- , and even at such a young age I could see what a disappointment EUROPEAN VACATION was after the hilarious first one . Pratfalls and lame sex jokes substitute for the clever sight gags and equally clever sex jokes in the original . Some good jokes slip through -LRB- most likely from John Hughes ' portion of the script , who wrote the original and gets story/co-writer credit here , though I 've heard he claims no responsibility for the finished product , and I say good call there , Johnny -RRB- , but none of them come close to , say , the fate of Aunt Edna and her dog Dinky , the visit to Cousin Eddie 's , or the showdown at Walley World from the first VACATION . Yes , it 's pretty funny when the Griswolds visit the home of people they believe are Clark 's relatives but are not , and it 's mildly amusing when they knock over Stonehenge -LRB- the music really adds to that -RRB- , and Clark being unable to turn left by Big Ben is something I can relate to . However , you do n't ever really laugh out loud throughout , just occasionally smile . The film is also quite sexist -LRB- and directed by Amy Heckerling , who helmed the much funnier FAST TIMES AT RIDGEMONT HIGH and CLUELESS -RRB- , making son Rusty a snickering horn dog -LRB- who looks about 8 years old in CHRISTMAS VACATION , which follows this movie ... so ew -RRB- and Audrey an overweight depressed little child who misses her blond hunk of a boyfriend Jack . Clark and Ellen are basically the same -LRB- mostly due to the fact that Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo are reprising their roles and Anthony Michael Hall and Dana Barron , Rusty and Audrey in the original , are not -RRB-
 This second entry in the NL VACATION series is pretty lame ; it 's like the scriptwriters forgot to pack any laughs to accompany the Griswolds . I kept waiting for something really funny to happen as it did in the first Vacation film . But in this one , the Griswolds win a trip to Europe , and wind up destroying the Stonehenge in England ; doing absolutely nothing in Paris ; causing a brouhaha at a festival in Germany ; and chasing kidnappers in Rome . Ho hum ... and it 's all done with no verve or energy . Chevy Chase looks bored to tears and Beverly D'Angelo tries so hard it 's pitiful . The kids , Dana Hill and Jason Lively , are even more obnoxious than the first time . All in all , a capital offense
 Mildly amusing at times . But the worst of the Vacation series ! The actors playing the Griswald children in this one are by far the most annoying of the series bunch ! This one just missed the mark !
 I was profoundly disappointed and turned off by `` Dirty Tricks . '' Clunes ' character simply did not come across as a lovable rogue like perhaps Steve Martin and Michael Caine played in `` Dirty Rotten Scoundrels . '' Instead , he came across as sleazy and despicable.Dirty Rotten Scoundrels < graphic spoilers > I was particularly put off by a scene where Clunes ' character talks dirty to the married woman he wants to seduce while she masturbates in front of him and in front of her oblivious husband . Somehow that managed to be incredibly unbelievable and revolting instead of appealingly raunchy . < end graphic spoilers > I hardly object to risque humor . I loved `` Dangerous Liaisons '' -LRB- and `` Valmont '' which is the same story -RRB- . But I just found watching that scene made me a feel a bit disgusted and rather than damage the positive image I 've got of Clunes from `` Doc Martin , '' I bailed on the film and I would recommend that people skip it.Dangerous LiaisonsValmont
 I loved Martin Clunes in the `` Doc Martin '' series . I wanted to see what else he had done . This series was OK , but I would n't buy the sequel . He has such an expressive face .
 Big Clunes fan , therefore had some expectation of entertainment . The flaccid porn pushing was first a surprise then an impediment , to coin a phrase , to take the humor seriously . The overall persona of the film story became VERY dark which gave a feeling one should be wearing a grungy raincoat and sitting on slightly sticky `` art theatre '' seating . Reflecting , the porn stuff had the flavor or the behind the scenes ones in `` Death At A Funeral '' if you get my drift . I have walked out of one or two films in my time - difficult to accomplish at home - we looked at each other , said `` why '' and turned it off 1/2 into part two . I may donate this to my local library for the tax deduction ... . or just toss it in the trash . Likely the latter .
 I like Martin Clune and based on the singe 4 star review I ordered it . It was horrible , it was boring , but worst of all it was disappointing ! It -LRB- to me -RRB- was not even remotely funny , the first episode was largely pornographic , the mystery was shallow and predictable . The only reason I watched the second episode was my wife wanted to see the outcome after suffering through the grueling 1st episode
 This movie just did n't move me like it did others.I thought it was boring and to long.It took me 2 sittings to finish it.I had high hopes for this movie hearing all the good reviews and I really wanted to see it because Jackie Chan 's son was in it but unlike his father he has no screen presence.I think that it was n't for Jaycee being Jackie 's son I do n't think this movie would have gotten such rave reviews.If I could I would have gave it 2 and a half stars.Overall I thought this movie was overrated but you might like it since it seems I am in the minority .
 I ordered this and all I received was Gremlins 2 - The New Batch . I contacted Amazon and they did refund my $ $ , but the seller never offered to make this right at all . I ended up ordering this from another vender . I was very disappointed in this order . Also , the seller claimed this was `` new '' and it was n't . It did n't even have the plastic wrap around it !
 the first DVD didnt work , the second one played but it was corny
 I 've been a fan of George Carlin for quite a while , so I was looking forward to seeing this DVD . But after the first few minutes , I turned it off - because it turned * me * off . I do n't mind `` the 7 words you ca n't say '' in a comedy sketch , but being vulgar right off the bat - nope -LRB- what I call `` jr. high humor for boys -RRB- . George Carlin is very intelligent and can be really funny - check out some of his other work .
 Disappointed . Listening to a `` few '' of his skits is preferable to having to watch an entire performance .
 Carlin was always acting like a bitter old man and people call that `` funny . '' I saw the act `` Religion is b. s. '' and `` abortion , '' and there was no humor , just sarcastic support for his own wicked ways . The `` invisible man in the sky '' came down and took on human form in the person of Jesus Christ . Yet , Carlin rejected the faith which has as its symbol `` a guy nailed to two pieces of wood . '' Carlin also thought he could improve the ten commandments . Well , first of all , that guy nailed to two pieces of wood wanted to atone for Carlin 's sins so he would n't be judged by them on the other side of the grave . And with respect to the ten commandments , Carlin perpertrated the idiocy of juwes by observing the letter of the law and ignoring the spirit of the law . For , if you loved God and neigbhor , you would n't break the commandments . For love is the heart of the commandments . God says He sees no pleasure in the death of the wicked . Carlin was a foolish man , and we can only hope he repented before he died .
 I am a big fan of Wim Wenders and his films for a long time - especially this movie - which is why I am so surprised that he coud n't find it in himself to add english subtitles to the EXTENSIVE foreign language scenes . Does he have such a distaste for this country that he would shoot himself in the foot over something which amounts to NO effort on his part . A LOT of people here love this film and would gladly shell out big bucks for this cut - BUT NOT UNLESS WE KNOW WHAT THE HELL IS BEING SAID ! Just an idiot move on his part .
 This futuristic , post-apocalyptic thriller / comedy / romance tries to deliver some clever ideas about the power of dreams , memory and its manipulation and control . One should always praise a film that dares to raise thought-provoking questions , yet in this case I ca n`t help but give it one star . Despite the gripping premise , this movie is too long , unfocused , slow and disjointed to deserve a higher rating . Director Wim Wenders has an interesting concept , still he seems uncomfortable with the material here and the result is a failed attempt . The plot is contrived at best , the characters ` motivations and attitudes do n`t make much sense and the story truly is a test to one ` s patiente and good-will . Ok , so the soundtrack is alright and the directing is competent , but that ` s it . Maybe a remake could give a better life to this concept , since this effort is pretentious , incredibly boring and seems unfinishable . It just drags endlessly.One to skip .
 Obviously , my review wo n't be very popular here . So be it.I was looking for a unique film that I had n't seen before , and from the glowing 5-star reviews throughout this page I thought this would be such a film . Unfortunately , it does n't even come close . Long and boring with improbable -LRB- no , impossible ... no , incredulous -RRB- situations , this mess never made me care for any of the characters , especially the two lead characters . Did I mention that it was loooonnnnnggggg?To say that this is n't my type of movie would be a gross understatement . Everything , and I mean everything , seemed contrived to the point of being ridiculous . As the title indicates , this story is based upon everyones ' fear of impending doom as a nuclear platform 's orbit decays . Funny thing is , except for the narrator stating this on several occasions , no one in the film really seemed to care one way or another -LRB- nor did I , since it would n't detonate the nuclear warheads anyway -RRB- . Add to that , the impossible crossing of paths of cardboard characters , and one is left with nothing but a jumbled mess . How probable is the following ? :1 . Two cars crash on an empty , open road -LRB- going in the same direction , no less -RRB- and immediately the occupants become so friendly that they trust each other and an oddball woman with millions of dollars of stolen loot .2 . Two strangers meet at a line of telephones and there is immediate attraction ... to the point that the female follows this guy all over the world -LRB- this is where the travel log comes in -RRB- .3 . Two of the characters are hunting the protagonist -LRB- bounty hunters ? -RRB- , but both are so comedic that the viewer feels absolutely no threat from either of them -LRB- actually , I was hoping they would kill the protagonist , but alas ... -RRB- .4 . The future -LRB- uh , 1999 -RRB- looks like 60 's plastic art-deco .5 . The continuous narration was as mindless as the film.I could go on and on , but this film does n't merit any more wasted time . The only positive note is that some of the locals were quite nice , and Max von Sydow is always solid . If you want to see this film because of all the positive reviews , I suggest that you rent it first . Between 1 and 10 , `` Until the End of the World '' gets a marginal 3 . I understand that the VHS version I purchased was a shortened version -LRB- hard to believe -RRB- , and because of this the plot lines may have become jumbled , but in all honesty , I do n't think adding more minutes to this movie could possibly help it .
 Bought this movie based on current reviews . Watch it , Long , Slow , not very good much less great . I guess you have to justdisregard the reviews .
 There 's a curious symmetry to seeing a film set eight years in a future that 's now eight years in the past , but the 279-minute director 's cut of Wim Wenders ' Continent-hopping sci-fi road movie Until the End of the World feels more like a notebook with the odd doodle in the margin rather than a clearly thought-out film , never getting to grips with any of the themes or ideas it throws up and casually abandons along the way . Words versus images -LRB- surprisingly Wenders comes down firmly on the power of the word -RRB- , art versus technology , impulse versus commitment , the struggle to find meaning in the places you find yourself and people 's ability to constantly start over , be it in art , science or life - none get much more than a cursory once-over as it becomes ever clearer that Wenders ' destination is more geographical than thematic.Set in a still far-off 1999 , when America 's plans to shoot an out of control nuclear satellite out of the sky lead to mild economic and social chaos as the possibility of a chain reaction and the end of the world looms , it 's something of a shaggy dog story following Solveig Dommartin 's bored party girl across four continents . Surviving a car crash , she looks for a mission in the new life she has been given and finds it in the form of William Hurt 's fugitive , who steals some stolen money she 's holding for Chick Ortega and Eddy Mitchell 's robbers . Following him across the globe with the aid of Rudiger Vogler 's private eye and followed herself by her ex and the film 's narrator -LRB- Sam Neill -RRB- and Ernie Dingo 's bounty hunter , several countries and a couple of aliases later she discovers he 's recording images of his family for his blind mother -LRB- Jeanne Moreau -RRB- with a camera that allows the blind to see that was developed by his father -LRB- Max Von Sydow -RRB- , in hiding from the US government in Australia ... As long as the film is moving from city to city , Wenders is able to sustain some semblance of the illusion of forward motion , but the film stops dead in its tracks when it reaches Australia , which is a big problem . Not only is the end of the world still a long way off , but so is the end of the film - with more than two hours to go it 's hard to disguise the fact that there 's not much to show for all the mileage covered . If anything , it feels a bit like a long business trip to a place you 've never been with people from your office only to find that your appointment 's been postponed once you finally arrive , but since the hotel room 's already paid for you find yourself sticking around for a day or so anyway killing time . The film does get back on track in the last half hour as the characters become addicted to their own dreams and become completely unable to cope with reality , but you ca n't help feeling it could have got there a lot quicker.While Neill , Vogler and Hurt fare well enough and Von Sydow has one good scene , co-scenarist and leading lady Solveig Dommartin makes a poor focus for such a sprawling endeavour . Another in that long line of muses - Catherine Hessling , Cybill Shepherd , Sondra Locke - luring once great directors onto the rocks with their siren call of mediocrity , she 's not much of an actress with little screen presence to compensate , while her English delivery does n't do her many favours . It 's telling that one of her best scenes is a -LRB- presumably -RRB- deliberately awful but surprisingly charming rendition of Thank You For the Days accompanied by piano , drums and didgeridoo that makes up with enthusiasm what it lacks in ability . Still , compared to Adelle Lutz 's horrendously awkward phonetic delivery as her best friend Makiko , she 's Sarah Bernhardt.But no film with a hero called Trevor can be all bad , and for all the self-indulgence there are enough good points to keep you watching . Some of Neill 's narration is rather good -LRB- possibly down to co-writer Peter Carey -RRB- , there 's an eclectic soundtrack that takes in Peter Gabriel , Talking Heads , Lou Reed , Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds , R.E.M. , Elvis Costello and pompous soft-rockers U2 among many others , Robby Muller 's cinematography is typically impressive and the film makes the outskirts of San Francisco look like a Third World shantytown . Some of the predictions were at least in the right ballpark - satnav systems , the Americans shooting a rogue satellite out of the sky and a joke about the Rolling Stones ' ` last ' concert - and it only gives into outright xenophobia in a horribly misconceived comic scene in a Japanese hotel . Yet the film is definitely less than the sum of its parts , with Wenders all too clearly going all Hearts of Darkness as he constantly seems to rework the slim premise into whatever latest brainwave has just struck him - with an African epilogue unfilmed , if the producers had n't pulled the plug he 'd probably still be shooting to this day . -LRB- As it is , the German DVD has another half hour of deleted scenes and outtakes and it would n't be entirely surprising if Wenders delivered an even longer cut some time in the future . -RRB- Still , the Bounty Bear was fun ...
 I enjoyed this movie . It is a bit dated , but okay . However , I downloaded it to my PC , and I was not impressed with the quality.To be fair , it does not look like a great deal of effort was put into this release , but the download to my PC was not very good . It was not my PC . I have Windows 7 64 bit with 8 gigs of RAM , and my monitor is a 24 '' 1080p LED . The video way choppy none the less .
 I bought this movie at a place in city . I watched it . And it did n't went up to my expectetions . First , I think Wim Wenders did put this movie too close to his own time . He did not consider research what would happen until the real 1999 . And what was that thing about the atomic satellite ? It was n't mentioned so much in the movie . You can see that the Soviet Union is actually still intact , even though it ceased to exist the coming year . Secondary , much of the picture was too much centered on Clarie -LRB- Solveig Dommartin -RRB- . You do not get to see the plot real close . And what IS the plot ? A man who invent a machine that can record real life and insert it 's memories into another human , and the US govenment trying to find it ? For their own purposes ? I recommend seing Blade Runner if you want to see a future thriler/sci-fi . Mind that this is MY rating for this movie , and should not be taken seriously . Thank You .
 I stumbled on the existence of this movie as I was reading the Depeche Mode entry on Wikipedia . Apparently the soundtrack is quite the 90 's time capsule . What I had read of it online -LRB- including here at Amazon reviews -RRB- intrigued me . Being a technology geek , the added prerequisite of tweaking a DVD player to be region-agnostic only added to the appeal.I watched this expecting a quirky but somehow deep and involving experience . Unfortunately the film barely registers on that level . The titular premise - the impending possible end of the world - is set up quite well early on , but it does n't figure nearly as much into the story as one would think . A great many potentially interesting characters are introduced , but it seems the filmakers run out of things to do with them and they just kind of hang around as the `` main '' characters do their thing.The performances are mostly sub-par - there are too many occasions where I can imagine the director 's instructions to the actors , with the actor not being entirely convinced of their motivation . The editing is very bad - poor continuity and flat-out sloppyness abound.The interesting ideas the film brings up might redeem it , if it were n't so long and slow . Scenes are drawn out so much it seems his real motivation is to break a Guinness record for longest film . I knew it was long and had no problem with it - but the length just is n't justified by the content.On a positive note , I was quite impressed with the vision of the future in the movie . Released in 1991 , it depicted events of 1999-2001 . It did a pretty good job anticipating many of today 's technologies.All in all , I had a very open mind going in and came away very disappointed . I do n't expect to try and watch this again - maybe I 'll try to sell it here at Amazon .
 This movie had some interesting parts , some really fantastic ideas , but I did n't feel like the story was successfully addressed . I have n't seen the director 's cut , and maybe that was the problem . I thought both William Hurt and Solveig Dommartin were abysmal in this , I felt no emotion whatsoever for their characters . I thought Dommartin was so sublime and beautiful in Wings of Desire , so I can only assume that this disaster was a result of poor editing , or possibly because her presence was not especially compelling when she worked in English ; her acting was really vacant in this thing . A friend warned me that this movie was deeply depressing , but I honestly could n't muster up any sadness for anyone . It was n't that the story moved too slowly , either , I just felt that pieces -- some kind of crucial chunks of character development , maybe -- were missing . To be honest , I felt like it was too rushed . I would gladly have sat through a much longer version if I could have been given reasons to care about anyone in it .
 Let 's put it this way
 Now exceeding 20 years , this 1980 's movie may attractviewers on account of the big-name actress Ashley Judd init , although in reality she 's shown for less than 90seconds in the entire movie , and this in an actionsequence , showing a paint shop getting drilled withmachine gun fire . In that respect , KUFFS will be a majordisappointment for those expecting Judd to be at thecenter stage.In reality , the protagonist is the Jack Nicholson wannabeor hopeful of the time , Christian Slater as well as thecity of San Francisco . Much like the other movie , also inSan Francisco , -LRB- TWISTED with Ashley Judd -RRB- , that city isprominently shown in various aspects , namely the worldreknowned bridge , and some surroundings of the area , parks , hills , etc.The story is not entirely serious , which is a benefit , considering most people going to the movies want to relax , so in this sense , the picture is successful , if not forthe not tasteless but redundant nudity involving Slaterand the lovely and young Milla Jovovich , playing his girlfriend.The movie , from a visual point of view , works extremelywell , with many varied , sharp , colored and interestingstreets , buildings and filming locations chosen . Anyonenot having done tourism in that city or area will benefit , much like that which is the case in another movie , showingRaleigh , NC , `` Kiss the Girls '' with Morgan Freeman , for example.There is a focus on the clothes people wear , obviously , asthe characters seem to only wear pastel-colored items that manyfor some were trendy at the time , as made clear from othermovies , such as Miami Vice , also from the 80 's , for example.Ironically , in the opening sequence , the bad guy has his mugshot stenciled onto his pastel T-Shirt , yet is covering hisface with a scarf , to avoid being later recognized . Howhis victims would fail to remember to police the image seen on hisT-Shirt , to track him down , is less understood.The weak spot , clearly , is the music , as it is had considerablyaged and seems considerably unsophisticated . In reality , the music mayor may not be a liability , considering often there 's adiscrepancy in tastes and musical experience among theaudience , regardless of age , who themselves are very differnetfrom one another.A a recurring jingle is obviously inspired from the one heardon Beverly Hills Cop , a big commercial success at about thesame year KUFFS was released.Overall , KUFFS completely wasted Judd 's acting talents , asonly 90 seconds were shown . On the other hand , for thosewanting a light-hearted time travel back to the early tomid 1980 's this is not a bad place to start .
 Now exceeding 20 years , this 1980 's movie may attractviewers on account of the big-name actress Ashley Judd init , although in reality she 's shown for less than 90seconds in the entire movie , and this in an actionsequence , showing a paint shop getting drilled withmachine gun fire . In that respect , KUFFS will be a majordisappointment for those expecting Judd to be at thecenter stage.In reality , the protagonist is the Jack Nicholson wannabeor hopeful of the time , Christian Slater as well as thecity of San Francisco . Much like the other movie , also inSan Francisco , -LRB- TWISTED with Ashley Judd -RRB- , that city isprominently shown in various aspects , namely the worldreknowned bridge , and some surroundings of the area , parks , hills , etc.The story is not entirely serious , which is a benefit , considering most people going to the movies want to relax , so in this sense , the picture is successful , if not forthe not tasteless but redundant nudity involving Slaterand the lovely and young Milla Jovovich , playing his girlfriend.The movie , from a visual point of view , works extremelywell , with many varied , sharp , colored and interestingstreets , buildings and filming locations chosen . Anyonenot having done tourism in that city or area will benefit , much like that which is the case in another movie , showingRaleigh , NC , `` Kiss the Girls '' with Morgan Freeman , for example.There is a focus on the clothes people wear , obviously , asthe characters seem to only wear pastel-colored items that manyfor some were trendy at the time , as made clear from othermovies , such as Miami Vice , also from the 80 's , for example.Ironically , in the opening sequence , the bad guy has his mugshot stenciled onto his pastel T-Shirt , yet is covering hisface with a scarf , to avoid being later recognized . Howhis victims would fail to remember to police the image seen on hisT-Shirt , to track him down , is less understood.The weak spot , clearly , is the music , as it is had considerablyaged and seems considerably unsophisticated . In reality , the music mayor may not be a liability , considering often there 's adiscrepancy in tastes and musical experience among theaudience , regardless of age , who themselves are very differnetfrom one another.A a recurring jingle is obviously inspired from the one heardon Beverly Hills Cop , a big commercial success at about thesame year KUFFS was released.Overall , KUFFS completely wasted Judd 's acting talents , asonly 90 seconds were shown . On the other hand , for thosewanting a light-hearted time travel back to the early tomid 1980 's this is not a bad place to start .
 Christian slater is by far the worst actor . i have ever seen in my lifetime as a fan of the movie arts . he makes every role he does look like its fake . please give up acting and learn to sing and dance . he need a rizzle for this movie
 Lost a bit over the years!Hasn ' t stood up as well as Saturday Night Fever or Grease ... but still fun .
 Sorry but this film did not click for me in any respect . I did not like the music . The satire of the sick rock music scene had no subtlety . The improbabilities seemed careless rather than inventive . The visuals were pretty good but not well edited . The story was a bit tedious.Ed Wood meets Ken Russell and they ca n't think of much to say to each other . Sad . Too bad . I normally appreciate experimental and strange films.But there are a lot positive reviews and a strong following . I am about 178th reviewer . So I feel the problem may be with me . I am wondering , does `` great cult movie '' mean `` drugs '' ? I guess this film was just not my cup of tea . Maybe if you are into rock musical performances and at the same time cynical about the business and at the same time drugged you will do better with this film than I did . Good luck .
 I , m a fan of the movie but the dvd I just purchased has 1 big flaw . What I consider the apex of the movie , the Paradise numbers : -LRB- Somebody Super Like You , and Life At Last -RRB- audiolly speaking sucked . I ca n't believe the sound enginneer opted to focus on the background noise and not in the music . What an idiot . I was anticipating hearing these through my great speakers and the dvd sound sucked . What a letdown . Had I known that the main reason I bought the dvd was so flawed I would not have bought it .
 sorry ... but this movie is HORRIBLE ... ok the end scene IS cool ... but thats it . scattered good shots , but pulled off VERY lazily . worth seeing . . NOT worth buying . any comparison to `` a clockwork orange '' is an outrage . . nothing like it . . Mr. kubrick was a genius - DePalma 's a hack ... look at `` raising cain '' and `` snake eyes '' umm ... anybody see `` body double '' ?? talk about lame .
 Other reviewers have told you that the movie itself is a cult classic , entertaining and brilliantly funny in its own way . That you do n't need to be told . What you need to be told is that the DVD itself is not very good . The transfer of the picture is muddy and the soundtrack , especially Paul Williams ' inspired and entertaining music , is equally disappointing.Furthermore , the `` extras '' are pathetic . The trailer is n't even a trailer - - it 's a mishmash of clips from several scenes , with little coherent thought put to their selection or their order . The name of the movie is never displayed or mentioned . There are no actor or director bios , missing scenes , or even production notes . The disc does include trailers for other films from the distributor , including Phantom 's more famous rival , `` The Rocky Horror Picture Show '' . This movie has a larger following than many realize , and calls out desperately for a special edition DVD with interviews or commentary of director Brian DePalma -LRB- it 's his first feature length film -RRB- , Williams and Jessica Harper -LRB- the heroine Phoenix -RRB- at the very least . A stage version , which nearly came to life in 1988 , would also be welcome . Tragically , we 'll likely never see either come to pass .
 Here is De Palma at his most amateurish - zooming in to transition from one scene to another , bad lighting and cinematography -LRB- Where is Vilmos Zsigmond when you need him ? -RRB- , a campy script , the look and feel of a tv movie of the week , the diminutive Paul WIlliams horribly miscast as a rock tycoon , etc. . If it was not for De Palma 's name on this , I doubt that this would have been released on DVD . This is defintiely not to bought if youa re expecting the higher production values of later De Palma .
 It had its moments . There were some comic elements involved but not enough to call this a comedy . There was no clear intent to `` spoof '' anything . It had music interspersed throughout but I would n't call it a musical either . Not dramatic enough to be drama . Some have suggested this was a satire but I must have missed those moments too . I just thought it was weird for weird 's sake , which may or may not be good enough reason to make a movie.I thought a lot about everything I liked , bits and pieces here and there , but ultimately I kept coming back to the one thing that totally ruined this movie for me
 I am innately suspicious of films that were bombs that later develope cult followings which appears to be the case with `` Phantom of the Paradise '' after perusing all the 5 star reviews -LRB- ?! -RRB- . I enjoyed director Brian DePalma 's earlier forays into comedy with `` Greetings '' and `` Hi , Mom '' and later with `` Scarface '' but this film is virtually bereft of any humor , macabre or otherwise . This film does not work as a good rock satire like `` This Is Spinal Tap '' because it offers nothing resembling insight into that world . It does not work as a horror comedy because it 's stabs at macabre humor fall flat . It does not even work as a good comic re-working of `` Phantom of the Opera '' . The acting is nothing to write home about . I do n't know what is worse , Paul Williams lame acting or the abysmally forgettable song score he contributed here . I guess this film can be appreciated on some camp level but you have to be in the mood .
 I got this as a phan and as a Brian De Palma fan and I 'm very glad I bought this movie !
 This movie is a strange spinoff on The Phantom of the Opera , with a rock twist . It is totally different from the origional story , and I just did n't care for it . Actually , I thought it was a bit of a joke . There is no way I would wast money on buying this movie . I saw it once on TV , and that was enough !
 What 's up with this film ? It was my waste of money , and I saw anything good in it . Why is this film has almost 5 stars ? American thing it must be ... worst class , worst art , and worst story . I want my money back . I would rather spend it for MacDonald Sandwhich or something .
 I wish there was a zero-star rating for this . So far , I 've really liked Rose McGowan in almost everything shes done -LRB- and she really was n't bad in this flick either -RRB- . However the movie as a whole was a different story.The movies wannabe Tarantino attitude just does n't work with the sloppy writing and the poorly laid out plot lines . For example :1 -RRB- After going on a killing spree , the three protagonists continue to drive around in a pink 60s Caddy -LRB- it 's set in the 2000s , so this car stands out a bit -RRB- . When they get to a police roadblock , they just make a 3-point turn in the middle of the road , and the cops do n't bat an eye .2 -RRB- After escaping from jail they find a series of clues to a gold mine , one of which is a map tattoed on a dogs skin . Now unless the rightful owner was only in jail for a week before the ` heros ' broke out , I think the fur would have grown back over . If they shaved the dog -LRB- not shown -RRB- , why was only the spot with the map shaved off .3 -RRB- Why would a NBK , poor-impulse-control type guy even be buddys with a white collar computer nerd in jail anyway ? They swear undying freindship for each other , yet the nerd ditches the killer at the first opourtuinity , resulting in his getting arrested and almost getting hauled back to jail . When the killer catches up , the same guy who slaughters people at random throughout the film utters witty taunts and then forgives all.Anyway , the gist is that the plot makes no sense , the writing is n't tight enough to make you care for the characters at all -LRB- sorry , you too Rose -RRB- , and it tries way to hard to be a Tarantino film without any of the aspects that make his movies so much more than just gore-fests -LRB- oh yeah , BTW , blood is supposed to be dark red or brown-ish , not strawberry pink , all the bodies in this flick look like they has Strawberry Quik dumped on them -RRB- . Do youself a favor , a quick shot of Roses ' nips just are n't worth the pain here .
 It 's difficult for me to imagine anyone really liking this . Unless they have not seen the many better movies this one attempts to emulate . Unless they enjoy poor acting . Unless they enjoy a movie with no original ideas . Unless they enjoy a movie with no real surprises . Unless they enjoy a movie in which they could care less about any of the characters.This is predictable fodder which was not worth the dollar ...
 Once again the debilitating disease of genre-itis infects another film production . Film companies seem incapable - due to the bottomless idiocy of distributors -LRB- and themselves -RRB- - to consider making any film which does n't conform completely to a specific genre . So here we have a typical road movie
 An annoying trio of characters , an I 'm - so-hip tone , atrocious writing and shooting , and a relentlessly smutty tone ... this one , for me , did n't even quality as `` bad is good '' . Not even worth the rental price .
 I love BBC and A&E Series My all time favorite series Pride and Predijudice , was a major hit . But I honestly do n't get where they were going with this series . I was diasppointed in the quality and this is not a movie I would share with the whole family
 If you 've never read Forester , then fine , buy and enjoy . But , these miserable productions deviate so far from the original books that the character and storylines are unrecognizable . After A&E aired this excrescense , I emailed them thus : `` You ought to have your grog stopped . `` Why , oh why , when people turn books into movies or video , ca n't they stay true to the original ? The BBC managed to do so , with the `` Sherlock Holmes '' series -LRB- well , they went far afield with `` The Adventure of the Priory Hall '' , but the rest were splendid -RRB- . End of rant .
 Didnt like this series at all ... cheap production very disapointed ... . would send back if I could ... would cost me too much in postage ... dont buy : -LRB-
 The claymation on this is wonderful but my kids could not stay interested in it .
 The premise is a little unrealistic , that a uber-psychiatrist would temporarily abandon his Manhattan practice to switch apartments for a month in Paris-a switch with an unknown woman made through the newspaper . Incroyable!But when you have a chance to make a film with two Academy Award winners , Juliette Binoche and William Hurt , set both in New York and Paris , who would pass the chance ? Chantal Ackerman could not , the opportunity to make her first English speaking film a bonus.The film is a reminder of how difficult it is to cross the pond movie-wise . Nuance and sub-text is awkward or incomprehensible here-the threads on which the movie is woven are frassled.This artsy little film survives entirely on Binoche 's vitality , her French innocence and enthusiasm dominates every negative New York influence her character encounters.It fails most everywhere else , sadly .
 Hurt and Binoche are normally intelligent actors , and what they are doing in this inane , irritating formula film is beyond me . No one intelligent enough to survive New York would find himself in any of the circumstances that are constantly required to haul this movie step by labored step to its clearly pre-ordained ending .
 Although Juliette Binoche and William Hurt turn out imaginative perfomrances , this movie lacks dimension and reverts to the standard shrink/patient sketches through the middle of the movie that will have you sleeping on the couch . There was just not enough new material in the script to turn this into the comdeic romance that it should have been although it starts and ends well .
 It was dumb . It was not what I thought it would be . No acting skills on Jessica 's part . It was all about Jessica not too much of Nick . Whoever wrote the script , did n't do a good job .
 Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson have a few good moments in the Nick and Jessica Variety Hour . But the show looks too '70s in its premise , too Donny and Marie-ish in some parts and Sonny and Cher-in some others . Lachey 's performance with Babyface is nice . How come Babyface did n't produce Nick 's entire solo album instead of the batch of people Nick went to that caused Soul-O to flop ? He would have given him some smooth stuff to sing to . But having Mr. T and Johnny Bench and Kenny Rogers makes the show look , sadly , too 1983-ish . How come they could n't get somebody current to perform on it , say Maroon 5 or Kanye West , who were both hot last April ? They wanted to bring back the variety show format , but it 's very hard to do it in an Internet age . And Jessica is n't all that good on this show . I 'd rather hear her music and albums instead . They need to bring new things to the format if they 're going to make another show . For now , Lachey and Simpson would be better off doing their solo albums than wasteful junk like this !
 What a waste of money . Waste of space . Waste of time . I 'm a fan of both Nick and Jess but you 'd be ashamed to own this . Not worth a dime .
 Whilst I do like Jessica and Nick , -LRB- I was a fan of Jessica since `` I 'm gon na love you forever '' and I always liked 98degrees -RRB- , this is embarrasing.On Newlyweds , I think she 's actually funny . I love the show and I do n't see the negatives that people talk about . This however was different . I ca n't beleive they need the money , so Jessica and Nick - DON `` T DO THIS AGAIN . I could n't believe they did such stupid rubbish and kept a straight face . It 's fine to do songs along with other famous singers , but do n't sing with a car , and do n't do pole-vaulting across the stage and then act high at other times.Yes there are some good moments in this , but overall , ? I was cringing considerably .
 I am amused that no one yet wrote something less complimentary about this picture . It does begin interesting , proceeds Ok but then things start to creep . Does her lover really love her ? To me , he is a dangerous psycho and he does not stop at hurting her by keeping her uninformed . Would n't we judge someone like that as a heartless and cruel criminal ? Why all this sobbing that he really loved her ? Do we indeed imagine this as a true love story ? And then at the end , like it was n't enough suffering and beating for her , he almost drowns her and then both become happy and serene and rejoice in their escape . This is hardly a role-model romance , a perfect case of male rage , obsessiveness and violence - what is it to admire ? In the very least , it is an expression of a really barbaric , brutal and animalistic instinct of male ownership over a woman . Perfect case of abuse - I wonder how all who marvel at this film would feel if they 've been knocked into the river Seine in the middle of winter as an expression of their sweetheart 's love for them ... Love - no , sorry , this is absurd . In addition , the `` lover '' does seem to be mentally retarded and in my opinion , is not an attractive personality in the very least . But even if he was attractive ... It puzzles me that there are always people who would admire the most gruesome behavior by confusing it with love - did n't he know that she desired to get her sight back , more than anything in the world ? Would not real lover do anything to satisfy her desire , to help her get it back , even if it meant breaking up with him ? That what true love really is . And for her part - thanks for portraying again a woman who enjoys being abused . I find the story rather ... non-convincing , although the acting is good . Another example of French cinema being in a serious trouble when there is nothing more to say ... Where are all good times of Eric Rohmer ?
 This movie starts slowly & drags on from there . There is nothing appealing about this film
 This movie is loud , annoying and cliche . It romanticizes poverty and violence . Waterskiing on the Seine , and blind , coughing , limping amore-corniness to the point of pain . And bad acting ! The giggling parts were cringe inducing , that and the `` art '' . All in all , it made me dump the person who recommended it to me . I know that sounds like it biases me , but really , this and `` Blame it on the Bellboy '' were the two worst movies I have ever seen . .
 Late one night I happened to be flipping through channels with my boyfriend when we stopped at the Independant Film Channel to watch what we thought would be an amusing French movie -LRB- The Lovers on the Bridge -RRB- . We were not intrigued by the dramatic plot the info box on the tv told us , we were rather drawn into the film by the ridiculous plot it had . `` A blind artist falls in love with a homeless man on a bridge in France , '' sounds like a winner , so we left the channel on even though the movie was partly over . Right away we found ourselves watching the silhouettes of a crazed man and woman frolicking loudly upon a beach at night . Did I mention they were naked ? Yes all you saw were their silhouettes , but very obviously we could see the man atleast was naked . After that feast for our eyes , we watched as the rest of the movie dragged on , each scene an obvious attempt to push the main characters further into their desperation/drunkeness/hopelessness / homelessness/artistic loneliness . Each new `` twist '' in the plot was ridiculously predicatable and made us say , `` Are you serious ? They actually spent money to make this into a movie ? '' Finally the `` dark '' movie ends in what is supposed to be a `` happy '' ending but really makes the movie seem even worse as it only shows the recklessness of both characters and does n't resolve the tension between the characters . It 's like the writer of the film had an idea to make a dark artistic story but did n't want a tragic ending as most films of the genre do so he decided to abrubtly end the story and carry both characters away happily in a boat to the middle of no where , out of the story and thankfully now , out of my mind .
 I own lots of French DVDs and watch them all the time so I am by no means trapped in a Hollywood sensibility . To be fair , my review is based only on the first quarter or so of this film , which was as much as I could stand . If you -- like me -- have a limited capacity to get down and dirty with psychotic street people living like animals , then you and I are thinking alike . Obviously many people have watched it and heartily approve . To me , it is unwatchable .
 This is by far the worst movie of all time , no questions asked .
 I have vague memories of this series from when I was a kid . Since I like science fiction , I thought it would be fun . It took me a long time to get through it because there was only so much I could handle at a time.The space monsters are of the LOST IN SPACE variety and quality . That means that they tend to look like people in rubber suits and are not very good.The science is optional and laughable . Newton 's laws are irrelevant . Apparently , the moon is moving through space at a very high multiple of light speed based on how far it travels . Also , based on the number of planets encountered in their random wanderings , the universe must be so full of matter that it should have collapsed on itself billions of years ago . The show has a propensity to use scientific sounding words to try and make pseudo-sense . The show is not very consistent . Based on the casualty count of the early episodes they should have gone through the entire population of the moon base very early on . Maybe they are really good at reproducing but one of the episodes mentioned that everyone is on birth control.About halfway through the series , some of the major characters disappear and new ones come to the fore . No reason is given for this . It just happens . Also , the sets seem to have been downgraded in terms of budget.All of that being said , there are some good things to mention . This presupposes that someone really liked the series . In that case , this is a really great collection . The transfer quality is good and it is nothing if not complete . It also contains some nice collections of still photos for fans.LOST IN SPACE is arguably an even sillier series than this one but , shortly after it began ; it did not try to pass itself off as serious . This one does and fails in my estimation . STAR TREK managed to be better because the stories are better and they make a least a deferential nod towards real science.Again , if your are a fan of the series , this is a great value . If you are just looking for good entertainment , keep looking .
 Buyer beware , if you already bought the disks by set , this is just repackaging . All the extras listed are on vol.s 7 & 8 , the special extra-extras disks promised will only be available through another site . Buy a region free player and get the French -LRB- Cosmos 1999 -RRB- -LRB- which has Message from Moonbase Alpha , in english -RRB- or the U.K. sets instead -LRB- which can be ordered through the Amazon links below -RRB- . A and E doing a total rip-off .
 I remember watching Space
 I 'm a big fan of Dexter , and I really enjoyed season 3 . It took a couple of episodes to get into it , because several new characters are introduced and for a while it seems unfamiliar . But the stories are immensely intricate and satisfying . Great show.Why the 2-star review ? Because the DVD `` extras '' are not actually on the DVD . You have to go to a web site to view them.Want to enjoy the extras from the comfort of your couch ? Tough ! Showtime does n't want you to.But did n't you PAY for this DVD ? Does n't matter . Shut up and watch the way Showtime wants you to watch . You may think you 're a Dexter fan , but you 're not
 It 's really weird to see so many good reviews , considering it 's such a disappointment . The first two seasons were the best thing TV has ever seen , but this third season , if it had been the first , would not have even been renewed . People seem to highly rate it based on the other seasons . This season is completely predictable throughout , the mood is never quite set correctly , and their attention to detail has severely diminished . If you do n't believe me , watch what happens in the first episode of season four when they undo everything they tried to do this season . For instance , they created a nonsense love storyline with Batista to entice women viewers , but did so very poorly . The fist episode from season four starts with a no-name cop you 've never seen before awkwardly making smalltalk with him eventually leading to `` What ever happened to you and forgettable-actress ? '' in which he replies `` We broke up , '' followed by no subsequent talk , as the no-name cop backs away , never to ever be seen on the show ever again . I recommend skipping to season four , because nothing of any real consequence happens in season three , and it was terrible to boot . It might deserve two stars , but such a precipitous drop from the first two seasons cemented a one star from me .
 Oh the dialogue - the dialogue ! It was like watching an episode of Murder She Wrote . Why dumb it down ? Season one was great . Season two was good . Season three ? Hmmmmm . I 'll remain optimistic about Season four .
 I just watched the first three seasons back to back over the course of about a week and a half . I was a little skeptical about the hype , but was quickly drawn into the first season . Season two was great up until the last couple episodes . Season three is pure crap , from start to finish.The powers that be have taken what was a well written and well acted show and transformed it into a second rate soap opera . I can almost hear the director yelling , `` Anguish , I need more anguish !! '' at the actors as they go to a close up of agony on the face of whatever actor is grossly overacting the cheesy and predictable drama that is unfolding in any given scene on any given episode of season 3 . If you want a well written , well acted , well directed drama , buy The Wire . Season 3 of Dexter is a waste .
 Very disappointed with this dvd set . The actual story line in dexter is superb but the dvd set itself skips beyond belief . I could not even finish the season on this product . I would not buy from this seller again .
 Wonderful series , great season . Season 3 does a good job of transitioning from one story and scenario to a completely different one by the end of the season.There is an issue with the DVDs , however . The main title screen shows a background loop of scenes from the series . These scenes are from the whole season , not just the disk you 're watching , and they contain major spoilers from later in the season . These scenes are unavoidable , they begin playing at the menu screen , and you ca n't turn them off . Its very disappointing , not to mention unnecessary.Verdict
 Do n't know if this was a bootleg or what , but the video quality was poor.Kept pixilating during motion sequences.Other than that , we love the Dexter series .
 The one thing I notice is that ` negative ' reviews are not looked highly upon , especially shows with a following.And another thing about rating this . I 'm not sure if I 'm supposed to be rating the product -LRB- blu-ray dvd -RRB- , or I 'm rating this season of the show.More specifically I am rating this show 's season.I am a huge fan of this show , but i felt this season was VERY sloppy . Very underdeveloped ideas , sub-par drama , followed by lousy resolution and following action.Compared to the first 2 seasons , it seemed like this season was a collection of random ideas they joined together that were rejects of the other seasons.The Shows acting was great , and the first 3-4 episodes were good/great . It led to some mystery and developing drama ... But just became unfocused , and seemed like ... the person who originally was writing the plot died and let some random person just try to finish it.Great Show , i love it , I just hope the next season redeems the show .
 When I first saw this show , I thought it was a bit overhyped . As I continued to watch it though , I really began to enjoy it , and thought that just maybe it was as good as I had been told . Season 3 really made me ask myself what I ever liked about this show . It felt like a standard , joe schmoe cop show almost . Dexter 's sister is now an ace detective , Dexter 's exploits are not shocking and completely predictable , and the remainder of the cast provides one pointless subplot after another .
 I like the series , but the picture quality of this dvd was bad . I expected high definition picture which this was not .
 After the previous season , this was pretty poor . The series has picked up since then , but this episode was boooooriiiiing .
 Season 2 of Dexter was such a gem it created a problem . You had all these great , dynamic characters . Now they 're all gone and we 're left w / these droning superbores . In Amazon 's little interview Michael C. Hall says that Dexter is done asking questions about his father and his background , but why is he wondering aloud about Harry 's code halfway through the first entry of Season 3 ? The problem with this go-round is that , aside from Dexter , there 's very little to like about any of the characters . We 're more interested in having sex with Rita , her kids are irratating by now , Debra is far too safe and about to have an affair with the new blonde cop -LRB- who is himself boring , safe , and predictable -RRB- , and meanwhile Doakes is long gone so there 's no one around to hassle Dexter about his devious nocturnal activities.Dexter himself is even wound down a bit , his killings mere pretense now and less ritualistic . I sincerely hope this improves because Season 2 looks like the apex for the series . And to think I panicked when I heard Season 3 was it for the show . Now I know why .
 The third season was in no way comparable to seasons one and two . And you know , that if a show adds a baby to the plot it is on the way down . Seasons One and Two were multi layered . Three was just predictable . The Ice Truck Killer was wonderfully developed . The Skinner was a pathetic parody with very little intelligent development . You knew right from the beginning what Jimmy Smits character was headed for . By the way what happened to Deb 's previous boyfriend ? Are we just to assume that he headed off for another Serial killer and Deb was just fine with that ? Where is all that multi character interplay/tension that was so wonderfully developed in S1 & 2 ? Now everybody is nice nice ? PS
 I LOVED the first two seasons and watched them through Netflix 's streaming and then bought these discs to catch up on the third season.Apart from other shows ' episodes , there are NO Special Features in this set . Well , if you have a DVD drive in your PC and do n't mind running software from the drive , there is supposed to be an interview or two . I have a Mac and the disc locked up my computer twice -- that never happens , but this disc did it both times.The video transfer is grainy and well beneath acceptable . While playing in my HD-DVD player , the video played at what appeared to be maybe 12 frames per second . Not acceptable.UPDATE
 THE CLOSED CAPTIONS WERE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO OPERATE & NEVER DID WORK.I RETURNED IT FOR A FULL REFUND .
 I ca n't give an honest review for this product because the seller never sent my product . I love Dexter so I 'm sure the DVD is amazing but I guess I 'll have to purchase it else where to find out .
 THE DVDs OF DEXTER THE THIRD SEASON WOULD NOT PLAY ON MY DVD , IT WAS AS IF THE PLAYER COULD NOT READ THAT A DVD HAD BEEN PUT IN ... THE DVD SHOULD HAVE BEEN CHECK OUT BEFORE IT WAS SHIPPED !!!
 I am glad that Amazon sent me a review because it reminded me of what I ordered . It has been over a month and I still have not received the item . The shipping still says it is being shipped . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS USERS !!!!
 Worse TV show -LRB- if you can call it a tv show -RRB- in history or the media arts . The acting bad , story terrible , and I really want to fire an ban the director and producers from this kind of work!Watch Alfred Hitchcocks original Psycho or Halloween if you want a real serial killer/thriller feature .
 My DVD 's all played with a certain pause during each revolution of the DVD that made watching the programs maddning . Would not buy from Amazon again because of this .
 I love the series DEXTER and would have given it five stars , however ... After thoroughly enjoying the first two seasons of Dexter , we quickly found season 3 on Amazon and had to get it ! We bought it , it was delivered , and we watched it . Yeehaw !! Then I put in the last disc -LRB- Dexter season 3 disc 4 -RRB- and was getting ready to watch the last disc which has the season finale on it when it came on my screen as Season 2 disc 3 . OMG !!! I ca n't see the last episode because the last disc is not what it says it is.I contacted the seller , and they sent me another one . Unfortunately it has the same problem . I contacted them again letting them know that the new disc has the same problem.I have n't heard back from the seller.I have written Paramount home video about this and have n't heard anything.How disappointing !!
 The show is great , unfortunately Amazon 's support of the on-line video is not so great . They would rather put all their computer resources / servers toward selling us this stuff instead of actually making it work . So , if you have a choice of buying on Itunes and downloading it you would probably be better off than going through the disappointment . Of course , if Amazon would give me my money back I might not have to tell you all these nasty things about them . They are like the Wizard of Oz , pulling all these little levers , but really they are just scared little people who do n't know what else to do with their time . They live in a cold , dark place where it rains all the time , and even the Canadians wo n't go there . So with that , have a great Christmas and tell Amazon that Best Buy is still better than they are .
 Season one was great , season two was good , but season three was like watching a soap opera . I hope the writing gets back to like it was for season one where Dexter was so much darker .
 I was only able to watch the first 2 episodes in this 3rd season so far , and because of that I 'm not overly happy . I 'm sure the season itself is good , as the first 2 were amazing , but due to technical difficulties I ca n't see the rest of it , and apparently I 'm not the only one thats run into problems of this kind with it , so ... The first season played fine on a PS3 , but then it 'd automatically reset the player if I tried viewing beyond that . I watched the 2nd episode on my PC , and then the 3rd episode would `` skip '' and become pixelated with every other frame or so , same with the 2nd disc when I tried it . Still anxiously awaiting advice that will allow me to enjoy the rest of the season .
 Maybe it is Michael C. Hall who was in Six Feet Under , or perhaps it was other elements , but something about Hall and shows like Dexter and Six Feet Under seem insidious . Recently I watched the first three seasons of Dexter . I must say the show plods along trying to build up some momentum . The lack of momentum is not helped by the weak scripts and acting . And in the final episode , or the one just before that one , was pretty bad . Dexter kills the `` Skinner '' by snapping his neck . In the struggle the Skinner cuts Dexter . Dexter 's blood was left at the crime scene . Somehow the blood evidence did n't connect to Dexter . The blood evidence was n't even mentioned or perhaps collected , for it was never cited in the show . I 've watched a lot of CSI , eleven seasons , and four seasons of CSI Miami and if one is to believe anything about forensics investigations then Dexter 's ass would have been in jail from the collected blood evidence . Also , Dexter threw the Skinner from a second story in the warehouse and not one police officer or detective saw him . The committed viewer is askde to conclude that the `` Skinner '' committed suicide by cop car and for NO apparent reason . That was the explanation given by Dexter 's sister , Debra Morgan/Jennifer Carpenter , the newest detective of the precinct . We are to believe that the state coroner would not see signs of a forced broken neck or bruising from the struggle . Then another thing that bugged me was the CI , the criminal informant , who got two huge pieces of skin removed from his back , he is never shown in the hospital . The CI healed up basically overnight . Where and when did the CI get skin graphs ? The skin graphs would have had to come from his own body . The CI would have been out of action for several months , at least with much painful recuperation time . Why was that glossed over ? Then detective Angel Batista gets in a relationship with a blonde detective . The two have a very a sweet connection which was suppossed to be his personal redemption from his demons , demons that led him to prostitutes and what not . Why did the relationship `` evaporate '' and END at the conclusion of season 3 ? I am guessing the woman who played the blonde detective did not come back for season 4 . So early in the first or second episode of season four , Angel is over at Mar&iacute;a LaGuerta / Lauren V&eacute;lez and the two of them proceed to have sex . And Angel Batista goes from a very healthy relationship to a very seedy one . Also , I 'd like to ask a question which is probably on the minds of many people , is Jennifer Carpenter ANOREXIC ? Her name might be Jennifer but she looks to be living like Karen Carpenter from the Carpenters who we all know DIED from anorexia.Ultimately I sold all four seasons of Dexter , not having watched 90 % of season four because I almost had a couple of panic attacks . I have n't had those for years and I watch lots of horror , sci fi , etc. . But I will say that Six Feet Under also disturbed me . I think it might just be Michael C. Hall . Yes , I know he 's almost your lovable serial killer in this tv series but ultimately this show bothered my conscience . It seemingly disturbed me on a deep level , or it helped to upset me . I 'm not much of a Christian but I was much more of one about 20 years ago and I tried sincerely to live a Christian life . Ultimately I felt like I was putting horrific garbage into my mind . I mean we live in a world and a country where serial killing is commonplace but yet we have a show , a very seedy one , that celebrates a serial killer . The celebrated serial killer also becomes a biological father , a step father for two , and a husband . Yes , I know Dexter kills people who escaped justice , but combine all the killing with some nudity , a tremendous amount of profanity , throw in some creepy visions from `` the father '' and you have some images and situations for a mind to dwell upon . This show may have helped me to almost have two panic attacks , or it may be that I might soon be buying my brother out of the house we inherited from our mother . Surely Dexter was a part of my anxiety , so I took the four seasons to the pawn shop and got $ 12 for the lot.I am still curious as to how that show would have proceeded . The part of me that wants to be entertained is pissed at the part of me that has a troubled conscience . Call it a good instinct of mine or call me some sort of crazy weak minded coward but I just simply chose to put the show Dexter out of my life . A show like Dexter can be entertaining but it also desensitizes us to very real horror . Just this week I saw a news story about mice in the police evidence locker at Wichita , Kansas . The mice ate some marijuana evidence . I could n't help but be reminded of Dennis Rader the infamous BTK Killer who Bound , Tortured and Killed women in Wichita . Dennis Rader is THE real serial killer of Wichita , Kansas . He lived and worked amongst the people of Wichita . He was considered by many to be a model citizen . Rader had a wife , kids , and was a deacon in the church and on the side he KILLED REAL LIVE WOMEN for kicks . He was caught when the police traced a computer disc back to a computer he had used at his church . He taunted the church with messages he created on a church computer . That was his downfall . And how much Dennis Rader had in common with Dexter the tv serial killer.I gave Dexter and Showtime three Seasons on dvd , that much of my life , and in the end it probably did n't help me at all emotionally , spiritually or intellectually but I guess I was entertained for a while , or as entertained as one can be by such a seedy , weak show . Compare Dexter to HBO 's The Sopranos , it 's the same sort of crap shoot . That being said I have every season of The Sopranos and NO , I don ' think the viewing experience has done me any good but , OH YES , it entertained me for seven seasons . It 's amazing the garbage we put into our minds as we seek to be entertained . I guess for the most part we will never learn . I wonder how many disturbed people will be influenced by Dexter ? Oh , and I still have a desire to watch Dexter , I just need to remember to summon the wisdom not to watch it .
 I am so disappointed . I ordered Dexter and received it and went to watch it and disc 1 would not work . I returned that DVD and was sent a replacement DVD and again i went to watch it and disc 1 would not play . I still have not been able to watch Dexter Season 3 . I am in the process of returning the second DVD that i received . Has anyone else had this problem ???
 THE FIRST DISK WAS NO GOOD AND COULD NOT WATCH ; THAT TOOK AWAY OF THE SERIES.THAT IS THE PROBLEM WITH BUYING FROM AMAZON ; NO ONE TO TALK TO OR RETURN TO ; IF THE ITEM IS NO GOOD , THAT 'S IT.THIS IS THE SECOND TIME I HAVE HAD PROBLEM WITH ITEMS I ORDERED FROM AMAZON
 I think that TV shows hit an all time low with this program . There has never been a worse show made in the history of TV . An endless plethora of self conscious and stilted dialogue trails around the characters who flop from one meaningless situation to another . It is a good metaphor for the apocalypse and just about nothing else . Everybody knows the expression ` rising to your own incompetence level.That is what this show more or less represents . It is screen writing that can never be good enough to take this show out of the stinking ditch it lives in . Beyond that the shows premise is not even mirroring what we already now about pathological personalities . The show tries to make serial killers appear to be societies garbage men . In reality serial killers are systematic and evil people who do n't make distinctions about who they kill . It is a most bizarre and oddly self serving system of logic they are dealing in on this particular TV show . Biggest thumbs down . It is a constipated duck .
 I 'm still having trouble trying to figure out how this show -LRB- if you can call it that ! -RRB- came to be.Very 1-dimensional characters , a main character who is onto himself a criminal , yet he claims to be the good guy!Don ' t waste your time or money on this total waste .
 How anybody can even call this show a show really boggles my mind . If you wan na watch something that is suspenseful and creative and deals with psychological disorders watch something created by the timeless director Alfred Hitchcock . His work is very dark but it is of excellent taste . This show is garbage in its purest form , just avoid it there are too many shows to list that are better than this POS !
 Everything about this show and its pathetic freaky character is really pointless . I saw a really freaky ad for this show recently . His wife there is all slaughtered in the bathtub in her own blood and that freakish moron of a main character finds his baby sitting down on the floor covered in BLOOD ! The best thing about this ad is you see the police arrive at his house just as he runs away . Hopefully this series is ending soon . Watch Rescue me for a good series !
 I am a huge fan of Shah Rukh Khan and I am starting to collect all of his movies . When I saw Amazon.com had Chahaat I was so excited . I ordered this movie and realized there are no subtitles for this movie even though the product description says it does . i was disappointed when I started to watch the movie and saw no subtitles . it 's a great movie anyway .
 I do n't usually watch short films , but I decided to watch this due to the great reviews it got on here . Unfortunately , 27 minutes is just not enough time to actually tell a story ... the experience of watching this movie is similar to randomly switching on TNT 45 minutes into a movie because you want to watch something while you eat some food , then watching 30 minutes of the middle of the movie while you eat , and then switching the movie off because you are done eating .
 When I first read on the box that there would be an act of defiance that would `` change everything '' I figured they did n't read the Vonnegut story at all . Vonnegut 's story made it very clear that this act would change nothing . He was making a statement about complacency . It also occurred to me that maybe the makers of this movie had just changed the ending in order to `` change everything . '' Curiosity piqued , I bought it . Nope , it 's the same story of complacency . Nothing `` changes '' as a result of the defiant act , the trailer writer simply did n't watch 2081 . Wasted money . Stick to the short story .
 So , Kurt Vonnegut had an interesting brain cramp , granted . Was it worth the rental price and a half-hour to watch it ? Definitely not ! The clip -LRB- and I must call it a clip owing to its brevity -RRB- was a complete waste of time and money . There was no plot or character development whatsoever , from what I saw . It is in interesting concept , yes -- but it truly deserved a better and more thorough treatment .
 I remember the television version of this story , and the impact of that show made me want my own copy of 2081 . I thought it would be a movie adaptation with character development and period detail beyond what the television version provided . What 2081 turned out to be , however , is a movie that does n't seem much longer than the trailer . Perhaps the length was in the description somewhere , but I did n't see it ; as a result , I felt short-changed after viewing 2081 .
 What is this movie about ? Communism ? Mediocrity ? This has to be the worst movie I have ever watched . I can not even describe how bad it is . I ca n't believe there are good reviewers . Maybe those who made the movie . I can not think of anyone in their right mind who could give a positive review .
 Somehow I got the impression that this was a remake of the movie that was out several years ago , or a new version of the story . This video would scarcely fill a half hour on television even if it had commercials.I was disappointed . Could be used as a discussion point in a classroom I suppose , by it would be better to have the class just read the story itself .
 Unless you are burning up with curiosity to see this and have nothing better to spend your money on or have a gift certificate with only a few dollars left on it ... go for it . The written short story is better with using your own imagination . This reminds me of a 20 minute long trailer for a pretentious art film . I find it more of an insult to Vonnegut 's work . That 's just me . If you want to watch some great actors and the Vonnegut himself pay tribute with a cameo ... Watch the film MotherNight with Nick Nolte .
 Too short and you may not know what you are watching unless you already know the story line . a little short . Not worth the purchse price I should have just rented it instead of purchasing it .
 I first learned of Harrison Bergeron from the movie that Showtime made starring Sean Astin . While that film does vary a great deal from the original story , it is in my opinion far better than the original short story . I recommend everyone try and get a copy of the '95 movie.Harrison Bergeron -LSB- VHS -RSB-
 DO NOT BOTHER WATCHING THIS . YOU WILL BE VERY MUCH DISAPPOINTED . IT 'S HARDLY EVEN A PRODUCTION OR CLIP . WAS OVER BEFORE I KNEW WHAT HAPPENED AND NOT CHEAP !
 Full price for a 20 minute short ? I feel ripped off . It was my fault for not reading the entire description , but I think the business model of this film relies on unwary customers like me .
 Cartoon Crazys spared no expense in restoring the sound of these great cartoons , but the picture quality is near nonexsistant . I have some of these same cartoons on video , and even after years of repeated viewing , they do not look as bad this dvd offering . The colors are so faded & muted , that I know I 'll never ever buy another volume of Cartoon Crazys . They actually look like they were adapted straight off of a dollar store copy of the videos !
 I have fond memories of `` Tobor the 8th Man '' from the mid-60s and I wanted my 4-year-old son to experience the character . Since the quality of everything on this DVD is cr * p , that was all I was hoping to gain . It 's hard to say whether I accomplished my goal or not . My son has learned the theme song , but still has n't seen a complete episode.Is anyone aware of a DVD of the original series being available?My best friend has a theory why we no longer see this character on American TV
 This is my first Magic School Bus tape and I am disappointed . It is not about sports but about friction , how the body system works together etc.If you are looking for an educational tape about sports this is not it.Also the teacher and students talk real fast in the tape making it hard for very young learners.I ordered the one on the human body and space adventures I hope they are what they say they are .
 * It 's a rare anime feature that moves me to rate it with the lowest marks possible , but this one accomplished the once-thought impossible!The premise sounds intriguing enough
 I agree with all the other reviewers who note the performance of the lead actress - it 's subtle and deft and yes she looks fantastic.But as a piece of drama the film is totally lacking . Much of the time the camera follows Ledoyen seemingly endlessly walking up and down hotel corridors . Having said that , the film is certainly bold in eschewing the usual compression of time and editing of sequences - but unfortunately the reason why just about every movie ever filmed compresses scenes and time is because it works - simple . Filming real time may well be avant-garde , but makes for a fairly lousy film . And the hotel segment is just dramatically too loose to actually build up a head of steam - the female lead is forever making breakfast trays ... which she then delivers to various rooms - there 's just no connection or momentum established during this long sequence . Watching a girl placing croissants onto breakfast trays , filling up from the coffee machine and then walking through a hotel to deliver is just not interesting and about as undramatic as is possible.Overall a bold attempt to be different , but ultimately devoid of tension and drama .
 First of all , I like this movie and had seen it on VHS before ordering it on DVD . I thought it would be a good movie to learn some French by turning off the subtitles since it has a lot of dialog and is long . I was wrong.Problem 1
 This is a lovely film , at least it was when I saw its premier screening at the MFA in Boston . I loved the characters & dialogue , had been eagerly awaiting its appearance as/on a dvd , but , while it 's here , the transfer/compression of it blows . The image quality 's so poor & the colors incredibly bleached out . I wan my money back & or a better transfer -LRB- preferably -RRB- . To whom do I bring my complaint to ? Do the europeans lack for technology ? A poor transfer was also done to another great -LRB- foreign -RRB- film , a Spanish one , titled `` Vacas '' , which is a great film , though , not on dvd .
 The transfer to DVD is terrible , and the video quality is sub-par . The image is fuzzy , the colors are faded or dark . It 's impossible to turn off the subtitles , they are encoded in the picture . This is a bad DVD . Too bad , because I really enjoyed this movie .
 What a disappointment ! A formless first movie whose actors deserved better . Non-stop talk amongst intellectual types with all sex scenes , if there were any , edited out . Plenty of boy friend and girl friend talk but no romantic situations , and just a bit of nudity -LRB- by the actresses of course -RRB- in utterly non-sexual situations . The acting , especially by the women , was worth the couple of stars , but the hero and his friends are utterly charmless . The epiphany comes as a surprise without any rhyme or reason . The hero suddenly finishes his dissertation and voila , the girl of his dreams falls into his lap ! No substitute for a good Eric Rohmer film .
 Interesting , but overly emphasizes more fringe/exotic things and presents it as the soul of India . Also , kind of annoying that it 's presented so much from an outsider 's point of view - but I can see how that is useful to outsiders , also ! He 's such a tourist though - a tourist off the beaten path , but still such a tourist . I greatly preferred `` The Story of India '' , which I think gives a better idea of the soul of India , and you can tell that filmmaker has spent enough time in India to truly love it and `` get '' it - he 's not so touristy anymore .
 This was a promising documentary . I ordered and watched it and was completley dissapointed . The video quality is terrible , like some home video you would expect to see on you tube .
 A bit of background , for those of you who are hardcore anime fans . This movie is based on a manga of the same name by Kazuma Kodaka -- a popular professional artist who specializes in writing `` yaoi '' manga -LRB- a subgenre of manga written for women , by women , about male/male `` homosexual '' romance and sex -- a kind of hentai for women -RRB- . She 's the same artist who created `` Kizuna . '' In the original Kimera manga , Kimera was once male , before being genetically altered into an hermaphrodite.The movie version toned down the graphic sexuality and gore of the manga a great deal , but otherwise was fairly true to the manga plotline -LRB- abbreviated , of course -RRB- . However , this English-language translation , in an attempt to avoid annoying the homophobes among the US anime-viewing audience , made one significant alteration to the translation in order to avoid any sign of homosexuality
 I 'm sorry to have to berate the other reviewers , but at the time that I 'm writing this 7-out-of-10 of them have given this movie 4 stars or better . Myself and three of my friends , all of us having seen a large amount of anime in the past , watched this piece of garbage , and frankly , we were appalled . The animation is sub-par , the plot varies from nonsensical to non-existent , and the quality of dubbing on the English-language edition is horrendous . In general , the movie only gets worse as the show goes on until it climaxes in a needlessly confusing splatter of unnecessary and overdone violence . Not to sound judgmental , but I suspect the previous favourable reviewers were simply anime novices who were wowed by the showy novelty of animated blood and the small amount of pathetic sexual content . Hopefully , after they 've seen a little more of the genre , they 'll realise just how awful `` Kimera '' really is . In a nutshell , my friends and I were agreed that this was not only the hands-down worst anime we had ever seen , but in some ways arguably the worst movie we had ever seen , as well . Thank God for Blockbuster and its `` Love It Or The Next One 's Free '' policy . You better believe we collected on this one .
 This movie was in no way entertaining to me . It was decent visually ; However , The story was short and pathetic . It tried to be deep and engrossing but failed miserably . It was rushed along and did n't improve as the movie progressed . I perfer sub titles but the voice over for this film was done quite well . All the sexuality in the film was kind of over the top . All in all , i felt that it was cheesy and read out like a wannabe Stoker 's novel .
 One of Japan 's flops which I 'll proudly trump . This movie is -LSB- garbage -RSB- . I 've seen the dub . But that does n't change my opinion about the whole package . If you take a bathroom break during the middle you have n't missed anything . Too many flashbacks one rape scene.This movie is tasteless ... The plot is pretty flat -LRB- if you can call it a plot that is -RRB- . There is no drama , action or redeemable traits in this movieDo n't waste your time or money on this ...
 The anime would probably only appeal to fans of the original manga -LRB- comic . -RRB- For those not in the know , Kimera should be refered to as `` he '' rather than `` she . '' I am not surprised the english released changed it to `` she . '' though.Not being fluent in Japanese , I can only guess at the plot , but the manga is fun to look at .
 there is little to no romance in the story , though i did enjoy the baseline of it . short movie , graphics are a bit iffy , but on the bright side it is worth what i paid .
 This is the most horrible Anime I ' v ever seen ! DONOT buy this tape ! It has an excellent cover but the story and drawings where worse than bad ! I only rented this movie thank god , and its a bad Vampire movie about Vampires from outter space . The women Kimera , looks horrible ! When shown naked , which isnt even needed , she has a chest liek a male , nothing at all ! Just a flat chest !
 Get serious folks . If you want good anime I suggest you watch Ranma 1/2 , Galaxy Fraulein Yuna and Project A-ko . This show is too bland ... All I can say is watch Species and Species 2 . The plot is more involving if not excellent . Kimera is a joke . Too many flashbacks . Too much dialogue and no action.If you skip the middle of the show you are n't missing anything . I 've seen better plots in Star Trek Deep Space Nine . Watch some tried and true American Sci - Fi -LRB- live action shows -RRB- not this Japanimation drivel .
 This is being called an erotic/thriller/horror title . First off this is not in the least bit erotic . There is one very stupid sex scene -LRB- thank god -RRB- and Kimera looks like a man the whole time . The movie is sort of a mix of Dracula and Species , but both films pulled the story off better . The whole thing seemed rushed and the story and characters truelly suffered from this . Plus , like I said before Kimera looks like a man the whole movie -LRB- except for like a two minute dream sequence that made no sense -RRB- . The movie could have been so much more if it was longer and more fleshed out . Also the one sex scene really was n't needed and you should n't buy this tape if you want it because it is supposed to be erotic . Plus the main character is always bleeding from the head so I am a bit suprised that he survived due to the extreme loss of blood through the whole movie.They had some good action , but I really did n't care about the outcome because I did n't like any of the characters . If they made this movie longer -LRB- it is only 50 minutes -RRB- it would have been better . The plot was non-existent , and even though some movies can get away with it this one died because of it . The sad thing is the ending leaves an opening for a sequal . If they do make one I hope it is longer and better -LRB- although the way it ends maybe the sequal could be good -RRB- . So pretty much this is a rental at best . I would really hesitate before buying it . Oh one last thing , the main villian looks like a guy from Dragonball Z ! Oh , remember this is not an erotic film in the least , and Kimera looks like a man -LRB- the only way you can tell is because she is naked the WHOLE movie -RRB- .
 It was awful ! Nothing more needs to be said
 It 's just sex , violence . No real plot.Even the japanese version would prove equally uninspired . I saw a live action movie following a similar plot called species . Species 2 is better than this mindless drivel . The story was in a similar fashion sexuality but the plot did n't revolve solely around sex . I suggest better anime titles in the action genre . This movie has no action . Just sex . Too predictable and dull . The story follows the `` Species '' cliche .
 I gave this anime a rating of 1 star because I could 've give it any lower . Those people who gave it a good rating are people who have never seen any real anime before and were impressed by the gratuitous sex and violence . It nothing special . The animation is sub-par , the plot is all but non-existant and the storyline will leave you shaking your head for days trying to forget it . If you have never watched anime before I recommend starting with Ninja Scroll or the Sailor Moon movies . If you watch anime frequently then all you need to know is that you will hate yourself for wasting a hour or so of your life watching this .
 Im sorry but this movie was a disapointment , It really did leave you unfulfilled . I felt that the storyline and the animation was and is a major disapointment . Its about alien blood suckers that want to take over the human race . Extremely borrrriinnngggggg . I felt it should get a star for trying .
 I chose to give it a two-star rating only because the teaching was excellent . The problem is that the tape keeps getting caught in the VCR player and when I can finally distract the tape from the VCR without ripping it , I have to bang the sides of the tape to make it go back in . I do not have this problem with my other VHS tapes , so I know it is the quality of this tape ... which was the last one the seller had . I tried playing it one other time , again with the same results .
 This is dreadful stuff , if you like good anime this is n't it , it seems somewhat well known but for the life of me I ca n't figure why or why a sequel was ever made .
 I read hte book and saw the movie , and `` Charlotte 's Web '' -LSB- is terrible -RSB- , including the pig , crying like a big baby because a spider dies , and if this ever got an award , I give it `` Dummest book of the year . '' I give this * -LRB- 1 out of 5 -RRB- .
 Everything is wrong in the disaster as all the charm , sadness and drama of this classic is gone . Charlotte should be a hairy spider with a Lucille LaVerne type voice , not a gorgeous arachnid with Miss Reynold 's soothing tones . This is a story of friendship and self-sacrifice which is totally missing . And the tragic death of Charlotte , which is the highlight of the story , is simply glossed over . Along with The Cat in the Hat and The Grinch , Charlotte 's Web is one of a trio of worst children 's films of all time .
 It was not worth the money to get it and it was not worth the money to send it back ... I was disapointed though ...
 I loved this movie as a kid so I decided to get it for my son . I recieved a vhs that must have been damaged inside because we were not able to watch it . I sent an email to the seller & they were very nice & gave me a full refund . ** Good customer service ! **
 I remember loving this movie as a child ... but then again , there was so little out there for kids back then that I went wild over any children 's film . But nowadays not only do we have the classics , but we have the modern films and everything in between . The selection is great.Of course I thought this movie would fit well into my extensive family DVD collection , but the picture is so grainy and dirty that it reminded me of a library book so covered in food stains and spots that I do n't even want to read it anymore.As far as the movie , I felt uncomfortable to have my kids watch something so loaded with talk of killing and death . I was hoping this would be a good pic for kids ages 8 and under since so many kid films have violence and suspenseful action sequences , but this movie would understandably raise tons of questions for my 4 year old , and I 'm not ready to have her go on and on about death and dying and the killing of animals for the bacon we eat.With so many great choices out there , there are a few films that are great choices for kids that can be suitable for younger viewers that are just breaking into movie watching . For example , the latest release of Lady and the Tramp is a wonderful movie , and my daughter absolutely loved it . The restoration of that picture was mind-blowing with how clean the transfer was , making it a pleasure to watch.I 'm sure I 'll break out Charlotte 's Web one day , but it wo n't be until they 're old enough , like I was when watching it , to understand death and the like of farm animals . So basically they 'll be ages 8 + , so it 's not the innocent film I was hoping for when I bought this . Not to mention the gross grainy picture ...
 I am 50 years old but still have a nightmarish memory of this cartoon . I was twelve when it came out.The lingering unease and even fear is that its just a bad story . Do not attempt to put a big pink bow on the idea of a pig being killed for meat . Not to be forgotten it is cruel to young children 's sensabilities because they spend the movie in animal-empathy . Bambi was just as bad . Watership down with the rabbits was horrific . Young kids really do plug for these critters . In plain language it is messed up to confuse animal cruelty with fearful child-hood necessities like witches or monsters etc. . . And I did not like the creepy tenacious latently venomous spider either . Blatently obvious to me at that age was Charlotte was too tiny and scrawney to offer any real protection . What ever she said could have been spinning lies . So an anxiety factor there for Wilbur having recently read Watership Down which they later made as a film and known about Bambi.THEN Wilbur is inundated with grief because the story-line kills her off . Nasty.Horrid Horrid Horrid Horrid . Life will be painfull enough without bombarding your kid with this insensitive nonsense everytime they might wonder about animals .
 I 'm sorry , this film/book is just not as fabulous as everyone seems to think . Not having seen it since I was a child , I decided to buy it for my 2.5 year old son . I was shocked at the CONSTANT references to death , beginning with the first few scenes when Wilbur is described as a `` runt '' and singled out to be killed by the farmer . He 's later saved by the farmer 's daughter , only to be sent off to another farm , owned by her uncle . Wilbur is still under constant threat of slaughter and the entire film is devoted to this topic . Charlotte 's eventual death is another major theme . This film may be suited for older children , but why would I want my toddler to watch it ? He 's not going to get the undertones of `` veganism '' or `` vegetarianism '' that some viewers have ascribed and he 's not ready for a discussion about death -LRB- please !! -RRB- . I love old movies , I confess , I 'm an `` American Film Classics '' buff , but the fact that this film is `` old '' does not make it good or a `` classic '' . Yes , the production values are very good `` for the time it was made '' , but the constant syrupy musical numbers are overwhelmingly annoying . Take my advice , watch this on cable beefore you decide to buy it ... or better yet , buy the book and read it to your child , you will gain all the insight and morals without the awful musical numbers .
 I downloaded this movie and it was NOT the one with Julia Robert and Dakota Fanning . It was the animated version of the movie .
 They need to take a new transfer from Paramount 's original interpositive , and remix the music and effects tracks into Stereo utilizing Paramount 's original 3-track music and effects masters as they did for Paramount 's other classic treasure , Willie Wonka.This DVD is only better than it 's 12-inch LaserDisc cousin due to the widescreen transfer . However , the color is poor , the print they took the transfer from appears severely damaged in several places , the film jitter and weave is completely unwatchable . The sound is monaural and appears to be color-matched and sound equalized to look and sound good on the TV 's of the early 70 's when the film came to home video the first time . It 's as if someone played a 16MM classroom print of the film on a classroom projector , aimed a camera and a microphone at the classroom projector and then used that for the DVD master .
 The potential for this to have been truly great is lost by the focus of the film . If you are not familiar with Mr. Carey 's remarkable work , this will not supply too much evidence . The acting is fair . The actors who play Mr. Carey and the first Mrs. Carey are just not up to the roles . There is a bit of underacting and overacting here . What a shame that such an important story could not have been told better .
 The story of William Carey is an inspirational one . Unfortunately , this dramatic portrayal contained in this video does n't do the story justice .
 Robert Altman is an acquired taste for me . It never fails that I either love or hate his work . I am a firm believer in the idea that ` Short Cuts ' is one of the greatest films of all time , and I truly adored ` The Player ' and to a lesser degree ` Gosford Park ' . I thought I liked ` A Prairie Home Companion ' until it got about halfway through and the script fell to pieces and I now practically loathe it -LRB- aside from Streep who was all kinds of superb there -RRB- . He has a very unique brand of filming -LRB- I guess I should say ` had ' ... RIP -RRB- and that style works sometimes and then fails others . ` McCabe and Mrs. Miller ' , in my opinion , is one of those failings.I know that my opinion is not the popular one , but honestly , this may be my least favorite of his work that I 've seen so far . I struggle with this and ` A Prairie Home Companion ' . At least ` A Prairie Home Companion ' was genuinely entertaining is most parts , even if the script was utterly ridiculous come it 's closing , but whatever . Here I found myself detached and uninterested most of the time . I liked the gritty texture to this film , but found that the grit became nothing more than surface when there is no genuine feeling attached to it.The film tells the story of John McCabe and Constance Miller , two very different individuals with the same dreams ; wealth . Together they build a town from the ground up , and their success becomes something much bigger than either of them can truly handle . Grounding their town in prostitution , they become quite popular , but when McCabe allows his own arrogance and stubbornness to move him to turn down a business venture he realizes that wealth does not make you infallible.Technically , I do n't like the way the film was constructed . I do n't think that Altman 's style fits this type of film very well . Altman is known for making is mere observers ; taking us in and out of conversations and allowing us to come to know everyone through subtle touches . That just does n't work right here . It almost gives the film a feeling incoherency that can cause one to become frustrated or even bored , wondering just why they should be watching this film . I abhorred the use of song throughout the film as well . I did n't feel it necessary and I felt rather haphazard . It just did n't flow and made the film appear rather choppy . The grittiness of the film , while welcomed by me -LRB- I love grit -RRB- , was not always advantageous . It made certain scenes hard to grasp or focus on , and while that texture complimented the subject well it did n't serve Altman 's style right.Still , as much as this film left me unimpressed , there are some facets of the film that do work . For one , the acting on the part of both leads is really impressive . I am not one who thinks Warren Beatty is an exceptional actor , but he really nailed McCabe , layering him with genuine emotions and a real sense of character . Even better though was Julie Christie who balanced Miller 's frailty with a hardness that was phenomenally understated . Robert Altman also handled the films finale scenes with a brutal restraint that was very engaging . It is one of the moments where the films grit paid off and made for a phenomenally crafted and ultimately thrilling scene.I ca n't really recommend this film , but nearly everyone else here does so hey , see it and judge for yourself . I do n't think that it fits that wonderfully together , but that may just be me . Maybe I should watch it again . Like I said , Altman is an acquired taste , so maybe you like his style more than I do . When he nails it he really nails it -LRB- ` Short Cuts ' -RRB- but when he misses the mark it comes across almost sloppy with no real sense of direction . That 's how I feel about this one .
 While I thought the story itself and the cinematography was good , I was totally unimpresed with the dialog given by Altman to Beatty and Christie . Beatty basically has mumble dialog and Christie business dialog . I never really could get involved with the characters . I also thought Cohen 's 1971 sounding music was annoyingly out of place for this early century movie . I think this is the clear failing of the director and wonder how much better this movie could have been had someone other than Altman -LRB- Huston , perhaps ? -RRB- directed & controlled the screenplay/movie .
 Before Altman fans eviscerate my review , let me start by saying I 'm one of you . I think Altman was a true genius and one of our most consistently brilliant filmmakers . I admire and enjoy his films going as far back as `` Countdown '' and continuing through `` Gosford Park . '' I especially enjoy his films from the seventies , and consider `` Brewster McCloud '' and `` California Split '' among my all-time favorite films . Heck , I even admire the `` Bonanza '' episodes he directed.But `` McCabe and Mrs. Miller '' ? I do n't get it.Believe me , I 'd long looked forward to seeing this previously unavailable film , so numerous are the accolades that 've been heaped on it . But when I finally got my hands on the film , what I found was a long , dreary-looking picture about a handful of boring characters . Maybe the film 's rich subtleties failed to penetrate my thick noggin . Maybe it just has n't aged well . Whatever the case , I did n't find this film entertaining , insightful , or even moderately interesting . Were it not the product of Robert Altman , I doubt I would have made it through to the end.I 've heard and read the comments about Altman single-handedly redefining the Western , but that 'd already been done by Sergio Leone and Sam Peckinpah , among others . Only the difference is , when those other filmmakers removed the gloss Hollywood had applied to the genre for forty-plus years , they came up with compelling stories and characters.I do n't know any way to put this except to say the filmmaker of this particular movie seemed inept , not just in his storytelling skills , but from a technical standpoint as well . The picture is grainy , the color washed out . Okay , so he was trying to de-beautify the western , but did he have to make every scene so difficult to make out ? Worse is the muddy sound . Apparently this too was one of Altman 's choices , but given his fondness for overlapping dialogue -- a good effect when done well -- the decision to remove the clarity from the sound is a near disaster . Much of the dialogue is indecipherable.I 've also heard it said that `` McCabe '' is a satire of capitalism , and if not a satire , then at least an indictment of it . Well , if that 's the case , then capitalism has nothing to worry about , because the story of a lone businessman crushed under the heel of a corporation is hardly revolutionary . It was n't when the movie came out and it sure is n't in 2010 . Instead the message in this film comes off as trite , nothing more.The film is not without its virtues . There are some good scenes with Keith Carradine , and the ending is suspenseful and well done , if fairly predictable . But that 's about it.And yet , Altman fans really , really like this film . Even Richard Schickel , who recently blasted Altman in his review of a new Altman biography , cites this as Altman 's best work.In my opinion , not even close .
 Thirty years ago this film left me feeling cold and empty , but after seeing these five star reviews I decided to give it another chance . I was ready to admit that perhaps I had missed something in my youthful days . No such luck . This film did not age gracefully . I am a great fan of Leonard Cohen but thirty years ago he lacked the deep somber tones he does so well today . His early sweetness is in stark contrast to the rest of the setting . -LRB- And his `` Sisters of Mercy '' was clearly directed to the arrival of the `` high class '' hookers and not the cross being raised as one reviewer stated . -RRB- As to Warren Beatty 's `` performance of his career '' he plays the same role he does in all his films
 If you like Altman , you may like this , but Christie is horribly miscast as the female lead and Beatty , as the male lead , might as well have `` mailed in '' his performance . With Altman , it 's not so much about the actors as it is Altman.This was agonizing , although possibly not as agonizing as Buffalo Bill and the Indians.As usual , Altman takes two hours to express his cynical view of the world . So tiresome ...
 I saw `` McCabe & Mrs. Miller '' when it first came out and I could not get over how bad a movie it was . Furthermore , it is one of the worst westerns I have ever seen . All the people that were with me agreed that it was bad . First of all , in those days we did not have the luxury of closed captions , as we could not understand one word of dialog . Every actor and actress mumbled their dialog so much that if Marlon Brando were in it he would have come off as the only one who spoke `` The King 's English '' . And if you are not aware of it , Marlon Brando in his heyday the 50 's -RRB- was accused of always mumbling his lines.Secondly , the movie is so boring that there were only five or ten minutes of action in the entire movie . It was the scene where Robert Carridine confronts a bad guy.Since seeing it that one time , I refused to see again . It was one of the few movies I almost walked out on and that has only happened -LRB- where I actually walked out of a movie -RRB- twice . My wife says that I will watch anything , but I say , almost anything -LRB- I do have my limits -RRB- .
 Dull , boring , uninteresting moodfest/snore-a-thon . Does for Westerns what `` 2001 '' did for Sci-fi . If you like movies for their artistic `` vision '' then by all means . But if you believe movies should be designed to entertain then you may want to take a pass on this overhyped turkey.Not even Warren Beatty can salvage this anti-movie . I 'm sure Fellini would have liked it though . Just plain awful . 2 dogs .
 McCABE AND MRS. MILLER is a demoralizing tale that degrades the sanctity of the America West . Robert Altman attacks one of the pillars of American cinema and the pioneering spirit of America itself with this film . George Roy Hill 's BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID and Frank Perry 's DOC almost accomplished the same end though from different perspectives . Once again Robert Altman 's instincts go awry as he further demonstrates that he is no auteur . McCABE AND MRS. MILLER is really not a film director 's vision of a historically based society . Just the opposite is true about this film . It is all style and nothing more . There is no vision here . It is even unlike its foreign cousin , the Spaghetti Western . The Spaghetti Western is truer to the ideals of what made the classic American Western what it was . The Spaghetti Westerns were both style and substance and created a vision of the American West from an almost surrealistic netherworld of turmoil , greed and passions but always in the form of homage . If you want to see a film that de-myths the American West try and see James Frawley 's KID BLUE with Dennis Hopper , Warren Oates and Ben Johnson . As far as McCABE AND MRS. MILLER is concerned the script and story are both uninteresting and Vilmos Zsigmond 's inventive cinematography , though not befitting of the genre , can not take this snoozer out of the doldrums . Warren Beatty as John McCabe once again gives an underplayed performance but it somehow does n't work in this film as it did for him in films such as SPLENDOR IN THE GRASS and BONNIE AND CLYDE .
 Robert Altman fans are like `` Velvet Underground '' fans
 Sometimes I find out more about the movie when I watch the Audio Commentary . In this case , the DVD is most positive about this being the movie after M * A * S * H , in which some of the same actors appeared . The key to making this kind of movie was that a script was written with one line for each of the characters in the movie , to allow the studio to budget actors for the parts . Then each of the actors was encouraged to make as much of their part as possible whenever there was a card game , a meal , a fight , or negotiations . There are two stars in this movie , Warren Beatty and Julie Christie , and WB telling one of his jokes , about a small frog swallowed whole by an eagle , might be the high point of the movie for anyone who needs a joke to tell in the middle of financial negotiations when someone is worried about some little guy flapping in the breeze.Some of the people who like to see movies are only fourteen years old , and the commentary makes clear that no one ever expected them to like this movie . Certain scenes that earned the R rating for this movie were designed to keep little kids out , so there would not be anyone in the audience who would fidget every time someone takes a cigar out , when you soon figure out that no one is going to say anything for a long time . In the middle of the movie , a request for an immediate answer is actually responded to with `` My immediate answer is ` No , ' '' as if any big changes would have to be thoroughly pondered , possibly over a glass with a raw egg and whiskey in it.The Leonard Cohen songs in the soundtrack seem unusually stark to me . A rough voice and single guitar fit ` The Stranger Song ' and ` Winter Lady , ' but I am used to lush treatments of ` Sisters of Mercy . ' The song that might have been written after seeing this movie is ` Smoke , Smoke , Smoke -LRB- That Cigarette -RRB- ' by Merle Travis and Tex Williams , one of the most dramatic songs ever written about playing cards and smoking at the same table , which is now available of the ` Too Much Fun ' CD of Commander Cody & His Lost Planet Airmen . There is also an opium pipe in this movie , for a character who does n't play cards as much . Filmed in Vancouver , a neighbor complained when one of the film 's mules ruined a nice suburban lawn by eating it . Filmed in 1970 and 1971 , many in the cast were carpenters building the set who did n't want to get drafted in the United States and were willing to do whatever they had to do to build a place they could live in after the movie was over.I like the movie ` Popeye ' better than I like this movie . Shelley Duvall has an early part but no singing in this movie , but she got to sing ` He Needs Me ' and a few other songs by Harry Nilsson in ` Popeye . ' Has anyone who saw that movie ever forgotten Olive Oil singing , ` He 's large ' ? ? ? The plot of this movie has characters bad enough to sing ` I 'm Mean , ' but they do n't . Steam engine fans and wood-nailing carpenters might like this movie better than I did . The town had water pipes -LRB- which you do n't see -RRB- to allow rain whenever they wanted to film wet weather , and there was snow on the ground when Canada was below freezing . Based on a Novel McCABE by Edmund Naughton and I 'm sure I never read it .
 I bought this DVD thinking I was buying the movie , McCabe & Mrs. Miller . Instead , when I began to play it , I found that it is actually a backdrop for commentary by Robert Altman -LRB- the director -RRB- and David Foster -LRB- the producer -RRB- . As the movie begins , their commentary on how they made the film begins and there is no way to turn it off . The `` Special Features '' has a selection for `` Commentary '' , but selecting it does not provide an option for turning it off ; there is no way to turn the commentary off . Do n't buy this DVD if you want the movie . This is a DVD of Altman and Foster blabbering about the movie with the movie as a backdrop , it 's not the movie . I would give the movie five stars , but if there were a way to give this DVD no stars , I would . Do n't buy this if you want the movie ! You 'll be wasting your money .
 It 's a travesty that this film should be so highly regarded while Heaven 's Gate 's gets constantly trashed . This film is typical of its director , having little feel for character or history or myth . It 's pretty & `` hip '' in a fashion catalog way . All the characters have a contemporary -LRB- for the period it was made -RRB- look & attitude . Bad movie !
 `` McCabe & Mrs. Miller '' is the worst western ever made . Warren Beatty and Robert Altman join up to destroy the whole western genre single handedly . This is not what the west was all about . Altman has it all wrong . There is no honor , dignity or glory to be found anywhere in this film . That 's what the west was really all about . Sorry .
 Robert Altman once again demonstrates his inability to comprehend the essence of his film 's subject . The dismal story of this would-be-Western is only matched by the dismal photography by Vilmos Zsigmond . This film helped destroy the iconic myth of the American West . I do not like this movie at all .
 Jurgen Prochnow , best known for playing the captain of a German submarine in the classic DAS BOAT , once more demonstrates his prowess in fulfilling the role of a sailor . This time , however , he portrays a washed-up sailor , and the dangers that lurk are far more insidious than the depth charges hurled at him in DAS BOAT.This time around , he is an average-Joe who is hired by two gorgeous women to give them a ride on his schooner . It 's quite a long ride - about a month or more . The 2 women are played by Elizabeth Hurley & Patsy Kensit.So , you say , sounds like every man 's fantasy , right ? To be out to sea with two lovely women all to himself - seems like a pretty good deal . Only one catch
 Wan na make a low-budget movie and make a decent gross for your efforts ? If you are not Roman Polanski and you can not top Knife in the Water for its psychological dynamics and `` who gets the girl '' tension of two men on a boat with only one woman , then the best strategy is to resort to two women and one man . The dynamics can be just as interesting , if you have an implicit lesbian relationship and one of the gals strays to bunk down the guy . Jealousy rears its bitchy little head for the odd-girl out and this leads to all sorts of plot possibilities as well as an unexpected denoument . < > What makes the ending of Kill Cruise really unexpected is that the film has had all the interesting sex scenes cut ouf of it so that the homicidal finale comes as a totally unbelievable surprise . If anyone will release the uncut version , complete with a lesbian sex scene between Hurley and Kensit , then the ending will make a lot more sense . Fat chance . The biggest unwritten rule in Hollywood is that once some actress makes it big , anything that she did early in her career that involves nudity and sex , much less Sapphic sex , is supressed for release whenever possible . What you have left , then , with Kill Cruise , is a love-hate triangle with the dynamics so implicit as to be uninterpretable and a decent acting job by Jurgen Prochnow . Do n't bother ; rent Knife in the Water instead .
 This one does n't make a whole lot of sense , but it 's still somewhat fun . Hurley and Kensit , on a larth , go off on a boat with drunken sailor Prochnow . Prochnow has a sort of shady past so there is a little bit of tension as sexual tension begins to develop between he and Hurley . Kensit seems jealous , although whether it 's for Prochnow or Hurley we 're never really sure.I do n't mind not knowing what 's going on , but I wish the filmmakers did . Twists seem to come out of nowhere with no rhyme or reason . At first , both women seem to view the skipper as a lesser being , a plaything for their amusement . Then Kensit acts like a spoiled brat for no adequately explained reason . The final twist comes out of left field . Sure , I was surprised , but if a big squid would have popped up in the last scene and ate the ship I would be surprised too . It does n't mean it 's a good ending . The mysterious coda is the only reason to recommend this other than T & A. Days later I found myself wondering exactly what did happen . I guess they deserve points for that.The DVD is pretty rare and cheap -LRB- in presentation -RRB- . If you like Dead Calm , but are sick of watching it , get this . You might be pleasantly surprised .
 This was not a very good movie . I had to sheepishly explain to my wife why we had just wasted two hours of our valuable time . I had read some reviews that indicated that this movie was actually worth watching.Nothing could be farther from the truth ! This movie was dry and boring the entire way through . And the suprise twist ? An alien encounter would have made more sense.And the ending ... If a story has to finish with a paragraph explaining or expounding the ending , then there is definitely something wrong . Unless a story is a true story or added for humor , beware of movies that end with a paragraph on the screen . It means that even the writer did n't like the screenplay.The only redeeming factor in this movie is that you get to see Elizabeth Hurley 's chest , albeit from the side only.Anybody want to buy a slightly used copy ?
 The only reason why I think this `` movie '' continues to actually exist is the fact that the luscious & amazingly gorgeous Elizabeth Hurley does topless nudity in the film.Other than that asset , this film is absolutely abysmal.Atrocious acting , hackneyed script , ham fisted direction and terrible lighting.It 's not even good in a so-bad-it 's - good type of way.Avoid at all costs and just download the Elizabeth Hurley nudity off of the internet .
 I tracked down a copy of this movie solely because of J&uuml;rgen Prochnow 's presence in it . It 's getting some wider distribution lately due to the fact that it 's also one of Elizabeth Hurley 's earliest movies.This is a fun movie if you like Prochnow , Hurley , or sailing , because most of the movie is set on a beautiful 45-foot -LRB- approximate -RRB- ocean-going sailboat out in the middle of the Atlantic.Also released under two other titles
 I bought this DVD because I mistakenly thought that the premise had some interesting mystery/suspense possibilities , that the attractive , recognizable cast would deliver entertaining performances , and that , even if the plot and acting failed , there still might be enough to make the film one of those movies that is fun to watch because of how bad it is . To my immediate and mounting disappointment as the film droned on , none of this was true . Save yourself from this fate . If the one-star rating does not apply to a film like this , it has no use.The movie 's plot is undeveloped , incoherent nonsense . The film opens with a loud , dark , confusing sequence at sea where the sailor is caught in a storm and someone dies . There is never any serious attempt to explain or develop this story . Later , the now down-and-out sailor suddenly agrees to ferry two loudmouth , fringe bar singers and their bothersome dog on a 4-week trip to Barbados . During the trip , one of the singers takes an unreasoning dislike to the sailor , picks one childish fight after another with him , rummages through his possessions , and comes up with a theory that he killed the person on the earlier voyage because of a love triangle of some sort . The sailor later explains away the theory to the other singer , who seems friendlier to him , and then the whole murder theory is just dropped as if it were a mistake . After many tedious , labored , pointless scenes of the three on board quarreling , facing several trumped-up , ultimately boring seafaring adversities , and doing various routine chores like hosing dog poop off the deck , there is a last-minute , psycho-type killing on board that comes out of nowhere and explains nothing . The film ends with a cryptic message on screen about the fate of the survivors that , again , gives no meaning to anything that has come before.The film is a complete failure not only as serious drama but as light entertainment . By no stretch of the imagination is it sexy , funny , or fun to watch . The superficial , loser characters could not be less interesting or attractive . The sailor is so grouchy , withdrawn , and broken-down , the hostile singer so exaggerated in her disagreeableness , the other singer so vapid and vacuous , the petty quarreling among the characters so constant and annoying , and the tone of the film so dark that there is not an ounce of chemistry or lasting good cheer among the characters . Not only is the characters ' behavior a total drag , there is nothing erotic about the situations , scenery , or wardrobe . This includes an early , short , embarrassing scene in a bar in which one singer supposedly strips but clearly does no such thing and a split-second glimpse of a perfunctory , sleepy `` love scene '' that packs no punch whatsoever . I do not know what DVD version others saw . But if the one I saw contained any nudity , I must have missed it by blinking , leaving me only the actual pathetic substance of the film to judge.Sadly , some movies have absolutely nothing redeeming about them . This is one of them . The only thing to do when this happens is to come right out and say so . There is nothing inappropriate about this . It is just the way it is . Reciting all the movie 's flaws but then giving them a pass for no reason at all , straining to conjure and contrive tidbits that are supposedly worth watching , or engaging in speculative , wishful thinking that edited scenes or `` possible explanations '' exist that , like magic , would somehow make sense of this mess , only compounds the waste of time and money from a film like this and , even worse , contributes to the impression that moviegoers are suckers.Yet , this is all that would-be positive reviews of this film have been able to do . That spending a long time in close quarters on a boat can lead to cabin fever -LRB- and that it can be even worse if the people are psychos -RRB- is hardly the stuff of true meaning or entertainment value . Including a psycho in the cast does not mean that anything goes and that all standards of quality , coherence , or enjoyability are out the window . It may sound good to throw around terms like `` personal drama , '' `` character study , '' `` psychological study , '' `` mental chess match , '' or `` undertones of lesbian jealousy , '' but it is a mockery to apply them to this dreck . Of course there can be `` fluff '' entertainment that is enjoyable . But that does not mean that anything on a screen qualifies . What is on the screen here makes perfectly clear beyond any doubt that the movie does not deserve any of these lame attempts to make excuses for it .
 Watching this , you just KNOW that important bits were edited out to protect the current reputation of Ms. Hurley . The ending just comes out of left field - adding to the impression that something was taken out . There are hints of a more than sisterly relationship between the two female leads but not enough to shore up the finale . The only saving grace is the price is right !
 This is one of the pieces our anime club was watching around 4am , bushy-tailed & caffine-eyed . After the 1st episode , 75 % of the club found some excuse to do something elsewhere or sleep . Those who braved the next episode suddenly were overcome with nausia & we could n't bare to watch the rest . & none of us ate anything bad - . - I had to promise DiGi Charat & Pretear to get them to come back.If you DO buy this , I reccomend a bottle of stomache pills & a high tollerence for pure gooey sap .
 For a fan of Gilda Radner , this movie was a big disappointment . I thought she died of cancer , but maybe she really died of embarrassment over appearing in this movie . I 'd say the primary culprit is the writer , but I 'd like to point out to the director -LRB- S. Poitier -RRB- that having the actors scream their lines , does n't make them any funnier.Note to parents and the squeamish
 wilder and gilder , the names look like they rhyme , but they are pronounced differently . of course , it 's not gilder , it 's gilda . and it 's past my bedtime .
 First , I would not call the host an expert knitter . Her continental style is very sloppy . the complete beginner 's guide was MUCH better . this is for the complete novice . I picked this up to learn cont . style and long tail cast on . She goes WAY to fast in the long tail cast one . Other times are very slow.She even pauses to count her stitches in an example ... what a waste of time . a novice would do much better to watch a youtube clip . there is no real value to this dvd . unlike complete beginner DVD which you can keep going back to , to learn more . not sure why the other reviews are so high . Just wanted to let folks know the truth .
 The cover of this DVD may be viewed in all global regions , regardless of which dvd player you own ... Unfortunately , the DVD itself , was unplayable in a Region 1 player -LRB- as described on Amazon -RRB- ... The disc sent by the seller was manufactured in Argentina and was unplayable in a Sony DVD player ... Buyer beware ...
 Amazon claims `` training DVD to teach you all the features & functions & HOW TO USE & MAXIMIZE your Garmin unit '' . What can I tell you ? There are many many features and functions that are not mentioned at all . I have told Amazon to modify this claim and of course I am retuning it to them .
 The animation is choppy . The songs are forgettable . The cast is bland . The villians are very 1D . The story is ludacris and jammed with plotholes and filler moments . The romance between Judy & Sky Rocker is phoned in a mile away and also forgettable . I give this movie a 1 out of 10 .
 One of my discs -LRB- box 3 disc 1 -RRB- is completely unplayable on all three of my dvd players . Its been a month since I bought it so I had already threw my receipts away which was really stupid of me considering only a few months ago I bought Jin-Roh -LRB- another quality Bandai product -RRB- which did n't work either . The series is great though however if you purchase it I highly recommend you check all episodes ASAP to make sure you have a product that works .
 This show is not for true anime lovers . It 's basically an American Saturday morning cartoon with crude jokes and nudity . Do n't get me wrong , it 's not all bad . The main character Gene Starwind is cool , Caster Gun and all , and the concept is original , but that 's where it stops.There is absolutely no depth , each and every supporting character is lame and under developed , nothing is explained , the episodes leave you wanting so much more , and the ending is a total let down . It 's got sub par action and a hand full of pretty good action scenes but nothing more.Don ' t compare this to the likes of Trigun or Cowboy Bebop , especially the latter . Outlaw Star is simply okay , B - / C + , nothing more . Watch your friend 's dvds before you buy this first .
 I originally watched Outlaw Star when it was on Cartoon Network , and thought it was one of the best anime 's I had ever seen.How disapointed I was when I ordered and actually started to watch it.Outlaw Star is another tragic example of people trying to mix a very simple and almost childish atmosphere with mature themes and language . Which in short means that the storyline and the dialog my attract the attention of younger people who should n't be exposed to the language and the nudity that is in the cartoon , while more mature audiences may feel almost embaressed to be watching something so simple.Baisically , it 's like watching a Saturday morning cartoon with foul language and sex . It 's a very poor mix.Except for their dialog , the characters are great . the storyline , although sometimes predictable and simple eventually picks up , and by the end , you truly want to know what the Galactic Layline is , if you can get that far in the series .
 this is the worst anime of all time . the animation sucks , the shot composition is perfunctory and awkward , the storyline is melodramatic to the extreme and the characters have about as much personality as a loaf of bread .
 To begin with , John Carpenters ' original movie ` Vampires ' was no great shakes . Sure , it was an entertaining time-waster - but , from the guy who once gave us the sharp tension of ` Halloween ' to the gross delights of ` The Thing ' , the film displayed the director far from the top of his game . However in comparison , this cheap-looking and plodding sequel not only manages to make the original movie resemble something quite good , it also makes other recent vampire movies out there -LRB- ie , The Forsaken -RRB- seem a whole lot better in retrospect.The story -LRB- I use that term loosely -RRB- has slacker-ish vampire hunter Derek Bliss -LRB- played by a comatose Jon Bon Jovi -RRB- enlisted to track down a female vampire in Mexico . He bands together a team -LRB- hewever , he does n't like this as he usually works alone -RRB- , only to discover they have just been murdered by said vampire . Along the way he picks up Natasha Gregson Wagner , who has been bitten and is slowly transforming into a vampire as we meet her . She keeps her vampirism at bay however , by the use of a startling new drug which slows down the infection and is keeping her human . -LRB- Give you a slight plot hint . Guess what happens to her drug around two thirds through the movie ? -RRB- From then on its the usual desert roads , banal vampire attacks and boring character -LRB- un -RRB- development all the way until we are taken to the rather dull and frankly boring finale.Its a shame this movie was so bad . Director Tommy Lee Wallace has tackled the vampire genre before in the underrated ` Fright Night Part 2 ' , and proved he could move the action along fairly well . His other movies -LRB- Halloween 3 and IT -RRB- have all been decent enough productions to warrant that this endeavour may at least be a little entertaining . However , he seems to be preoccupied in presenting us with dull characterisations , uneven storytelling and lacklustre direction . The opening vampire attack -LRB- and subsequent payoff -RRB- are poorly handled and seem more at home in an episode of Buffy or Angel than in a movie of this kind . Jon Bon Jovi seems to be bored out of his mind throughout the movie , and the rest of the cast are playing their roles in the usual genre movie manner that we are all accustomed to . Only Natasha Gregson Wagner comes away from this movie looking any good -LRB- as she does from most of her other roles -RRB- , portraying the character with depth and charm.The cinematography is crisp and audio is sharp , which of a movie this recent that should be expected . Extras include an interesting commentary from Wallace -LRB- who informs us of the low budget he had to work with -RRB- and a the usual trailers , etc. . To sum up , if you are a fan of the original you may enjoy this one but probably not much . It feels tired and has a ` so-what ? ' attitude running through it which left me feeling grouchy and I quickly began to remind myself about the good old days when great vampire movies like ` Near Dark ' were actually trying to be something like entertaining and strange . Not dull and boring .
 I feel that this is one of those films that I feel is a part of the contemporary polarization . Vampires are either romantic teenagers or nearly mindless killing machines . It 's one extreme or the other . No one remembers balance anymore . I miss characters like Dracula who could be charming and occasionally sympathetic but still able to be predatory and vicious . Now that is an interesting vampire . I miss vampires like that.This was low budget , over-stuffed with action and bad special effects and ultimately disappointing .
 A more or less sequel to John Carpenter 's smashing take on vampires , Vampires
 This is a sequel to John Carpenter 's Vampires , a minor hit that saw director Carpenter return to form and break the cliches of vampire films . This is not bad and not good either , as they changed the whole film from its initial release . It did have a lot of nudity and gore and was kind of suspenseful , but this sequel just serves to put yet another American vampire film on the shelves . Check out the 1998 original Vampires by John Carpenter to get a good look at breaking the cliches .
 A poor plot and a very slow-moving story make this film a chore to watch.Rental only .
 This movie was described as terrifying . It was BORING !!!! In fact I wish I could give this movie a thumbs down instead of one star . This movie deserves a big fat ZERO rating.There was nothing terrifying about this movie at all . When a so called scary scene would happen it would get lame again . The movie stars Jon Bon Jovi as vampire hunter Derek Bliss . He is sent on assignment in Mexico to hunt and kill a quick moving vampire names Una . Una had some nice moves , but they did not last long enough . She would come at you quick , and get you with her sharp nails before sinking her teeth into you . He has to recruit other hunters and ends up with Zooey who may or may not be a blood sucker herself . Father Rodriqgo , Sancho , and Ray Collins -LRB- Darius McCrary from Family Matters -RRB- . Ray Collins is this gruff sounding -LRB- actually pathetic gruff sounding -RRB- vampire hunter . The voice was so bad , all I could do was laugh . Zooey take a medicine that helps her control her vampire urges , but when she loses the medicine Derek has to make a choice if she is worth saving . You get very little gore , terrible acting , and why folks think this movie is better then Vampires is a mystery . This is a horrible , horrible sequel , and it?s not better then Vampires !!! If you have nothing better to do , then watch this movie at your own risk . Better yet , rent some better Vampire movies . See Vampires , Blade , Blade 2 , From Dusk till Dawn , and the Lost Boys .
 Why in the world did Carpenter let himself get dragged down into this mess ? Jon Bon Jovi assembling a vampire hunting team of a 16-year old Mexican kid , the brother from Family Matters , a sorta-vampire on a anti-vampire drug -LRB- even though being a vampire means being dead , which medicine ca n't help -RRB- , and a priest whose acting was so wooden every time he lied his nose grew ? It 's just as bad as it sounds.A master vampire desires to exist in sunlight , and JBJ 's crew must stop that from happening . To do so they must eradicate all vampires in sight , protect a black cross , and keep their head above a tidal wave of campiness . Most of the acting is so nonchalant I could swear one of the actors fell asleep while delivering a line . Some decent gore here and there , but action is horrible and acting is worse.Just because Bon Jovi made a song called `` Shot Through the Heart '' does n't mean he should be `` acting '' in vampire movies . Avoid this like syphilis .
 There are very few movies that I have n't finished watching . This now goes on the short list . Luckily I did n't rent this one and instead was excited to see it on TiVo , that is until after 30 + minutes in I was hoping a vampire would kill me.This film while it has an R rating and there is a reason why , even the toned down TV version was extremely graphic , from pulling out someone 's tongue , watching a vampires head blow up and catch fire in the sun to blood spray . There is n't anything wrong with a good horror movie but graphic violence to fill time -LRB- so you do n't have to have actors say anything -RRB- seems a bit of a waste.The premise of a rag tag bunch of vampire hunters joining forces to defeat evil could have been a great movie . But , the low budget , director chosen and filming of this movie wo n't make it a classic on anyone 's list.In addition the movie was WAY OVERACTED . I do n't know if everyone was trying to make the film better or what but the overacting made it to the point that it made the acting look horrible . It got to the point I no longer cared who won a battle.As I said this is one of less than a dozen movies I have been looking forward to seeing that I could n't even finish.Gets 1 star cause I ca n't give it less .
 Why did they do this ? why did they make a direct to video sequel to a movie that made money?It screams for a big screen sequel that starts off where the original ended.not a flick that takes a simple premise and dumbs it down , and cant pull off the decent vampire body burns achieved in the original.The thing that was cool about the original was that the vampire slayers were meaner than the monsters they hunted.In this one they are weak and it becomes your average cheap vamp flick.not to mention carpenters good name wasted on the box.And whats with that awful wooden steak gun bon jovi uses , its sad.this vampire flick sucks .
 My Tivo has a sense of humor . I know this because Tivo will sometimes recommend movies with a straight face without sharing any of the relevant details , like `` you like vampire movies so you 'll like Vampires
 Definately not one of Carpenter 's -LRB- who I am not a huge fan of anyway -RRB- best ; it was written very lazily & directed -LRB- and acted -RRB- badly . Maybe it was the stupid/lame title , or maybe the boring plot . Either way , I did n't take much with me except the setting ... and Bon Jovi & Diego Luna 's prettiness . You know a movie is n't all that good when all that stands out are the looks of the main characters !
 This really is n't that bad ; it helps that the last twenty minutes of so are decently done . Beside the stupidity of having a spiritual condition -LRB- undeath -RRB- palliated by drugs , and the shredding of the mythology developed for the first movie -LRB- wood is n't special , it 's just that stakes are useful for dragging out folks into the sunlight , so the wooden shells should n't signify -RRB- , the general level of competence is pretty low.Jon Bon Jovi may have been a mediocre semi-entity of a rock-star , but as an actor ... he 's a mediocre semi-entity of a rock star . Ms Muriel Fouilland , who plays the master vampire , is good enough , and I believe is inspired-by/ripped-oiff -- from Anne Parillaud in `` Innocent Blood '' , but the dubbed-in wild-cat noises also taken from that movie detract from her appearances ... Natasha Wagner offers up as aggressive a piece of non-acting as I 've seen this side of high-school plays and pr0n.Diego Luna , who plays Sancho -LRB- `` The Kid '' -RRB- is the only one of the main players worth seeing again . With his exception , the less English a character speaks , the better the acting job ... a little reminiscent of the early Prof. Quatermass movies , in which a good English cast was saddled with a has-been American lead ...
 Jon Bon Jovi . Ok that sums up reasons to watch this movie . Now onto every reason not to ... it does n't follow hardly anything I 've ever known about Vampires , it lacks action in a major way , it is slow moving ... or maybe it just seems that way because you have to force yourself to stay awake through it . If you are a die hard Jon Bon Jovi fan , like myself , buy it , he looks great . If you want a good vampire more go get `` Interview with the Vampire '' , `` Queen of the Damned '' , or `` Blade '' and `` Blade 2 '' , those are vampire movies worth watching .
 What is this ? , the stupip , predictable and same vampire movie about a group of slayers chasing them and puttin ' them in the daylight ? , You have to be kidin ' . The male star is the popular singer Jon Bon Jovi -LRB- ` Pay it forward ' -RRB- , he 's a profesionall hunter.He 's hired to kill a vampire that is looking for some ritual weird thing.In his way he gets with Zoe , the beautiful Natasha Gregson Wagner -LRB- Two girls and a guy , Urban Leyend , Modern Vampires -RRB- . Then a priece , a black big tall guy and Sancho , a mexican tenn -LRB- Diego Luna , the kid from the mexican movie ` Y TU MAMA TAMBIEN ' . Toghether they must kill this female vampire , but what they do n't know is how long will Zoe be normal , because she had been beaten by one of the vampires.This movie uses the same thing that in the first John Carpenter 's Vampires , only that this one is cheaper and worser.Not worth seeing it at all.A non-clever piece of vampire bad film.Cast
 this movie was sad ! Jon ! you should stick to singing ! PLEASE ! your acting was and is horrible ! I take that back the 5 minutes you had in that submarine movie was pretty good . I 'm glad I only rented this and did n't buy it .
 A vampire movie is good if it does one of two things
 Not only does Bon Jovi leaves his supposedly reasonable acting chops at home with this one , but so does everyone else it seems . The acting and dialogue are seriously lame . A very poor `` sequel '' to John Carpenter 's bunker-busting original .
 i have never seen such a pointless movie . i mean what the hell were they thinking . the script was bad , no bad is an under statement , horrible script and even worse actors . the only good part of the is the lead vampire , i would have gave this movie 5 stars if she would have just ripped her shirt off like expected in every other horror movie but no they go and screw it up like everything else . and oh yeah the end was good to .
 Reviews of this movie usually start with `` do n't be fooled , this is not a Carpenter 's movie . `` I was n't fooled . Since Carpenter put his signature on Vampires and Ghosts of Mars , he could easily do that here as well because movie is equally stupid and infantile as these previous two . What makes these people do movies this foolish , one may ask . Well , the answer has to be money , and in Bon Jovi case some type of macho posturing.What are you going to see?Body builder impersonating dedicated handyman impersonating dedicated priest.An ugly frail women impersonating stronger than `` average '' vampire.American teenager impersonating Mexican teenager.Another frail , not ugly though , woman , impersonating victim.A black guy playing unusually stupid vampire `` hunter . `` And a bunch of statists that die in implied but not consumed action sequences.Anything new you have not seen before ? I guess that must be a surfboard weapon package . Anything new that you have not heard before ? With lines like `` I bet it will hurt you bad if I pull this trigger '' or something like that , there is nothing very smart here.I think that both Carpenter and Craven ... and their cohorts , should be demistified as `` classics . '' These guys are making movies for mediocre and subintelligent moviegoers , there is nothing remotely `` classic '' and worth viewing in their flicks .
 The reason I bought this movie is first the title and second I like Bon Jovi . I will buy anything with vampires and thought it would be interesting to see Bon Jovi in a horror movie . I was wrong the two do not go together . Silly premise , silly ending and less than stellar acting . If you are looking to be frightened , then this is not for you . If you like anything Vampires with Bon Jovi thrown in , you might want to keep this for your amusement .
 i did n't even see this movie and I know it sucks . All that I had to see was Bon Jovi and I threw the video to the ground as hard as i could muster at the video store where i was promptly kicked out . It was worth it though , it actually was offensive that such a thing could exist . The vampire genre could be so awesome and yet very few films live up to its potential . I guess it also lends itself to complete drivle such as `` Vampires - Los Muertos '' .
 Jon Bon Jovi should definitely stick to singing because he 's a horrible actor , but that does not even begin to describe how terrible `` Vampires - Los Muertos '' is ... as horrible of an actor as Jon Bon Jovi may be , `` Vampires-Los Muertos '' is an even worse movie . Vampires , that 's a laugh ... this movie has a terrible plot and the acting is even worse . The original `` Vampires '' sucked too , but this one is even worse folks ! Definitely one of the worst so called `` horror '' movies of all-time and that my friends is saying something !! Can you believe some people call this a horror movie ... well , you can imagine what I call it ... yes sir , I just call it rubbish and that 's being very kind .
 Dont waste the money on this stinker . Jon , stick to your day job of rocking teenage girls and middle-aged housewives . This is supposedly some sort of sequal to Carpenter 's `` Vampires '' which totally rocked , Los Muertes is nowhere near being in the same league . Obviously an excuse for Bon Jovi 's female fans to see Jon with his shirt off unfortunatly guys there are no gratutious female bod-shots for us to make this movie worth-while . Forget the fact that the plot jumps around so much that you give up trying to understand it and just pray that it somehow gets better before you fall asleep . Take some advice and rent it like I did . Especially if there is nothing else you would rather do than numb your mind .
 i just bought this movie last week at bestbuy.i also bought the judas priest cd at walmart last week.why are you guys fallen behind on your movies
 If you like the music of Pablo Montero , only buy this if you are a collector , it only has 6 songs , very bad extras and the videos seem to be very bad TV grabbing , lousy video quality . Not worthy of Pablo Montero . Looks like the music company who gave permission to publish this really does not care about a basic standard of quality
 I 'm not a newbie to Shakespeare or any similar writers . I 'm not put off by the idioms or way of speaking in this movie . It was just utterly awful in every other way . Imagine Blade Runner meets Romeo and Juliet - that 's what this movie made me think of . For the most part , save the lead role played by Eccleston and the actress who portrayed Castiza , the acting was atrocious . The direction was all over the place . I generally like bizarre movies , but this was too much - I do n't like bizarre for the sake of bizarre . I found the meaning of the play was completely lost in this movie .
 All I needed to watch this movie was to know that Alex Cox had directed it , but as soon as the credits rolled , and there was Doctor Who -LRB- Eccleston -RRB- and Eddie Izzard and Derek Jacobi , and a soundtrack by Chumbawumba , I was settling in and expecting quite a thrill.But outside of the wonderful nastiness of the original play , there is a serious dirth of solid direction in this movie . I chalk it up to the Luhrmann effect -- spend so much time finding flashy ways to update the way a Renaissance-era play can be staged , but pay almost NO attention to the actual acting or use of the language itself . The Luhrmann _ Romeo & Juliet _ was almost unwatchable for its clumsy Shakespeare -- if so much time is spent updating the setting , why not also spend some time to update the delivery of the lines ? Not that I would necessarily recommend throwing out the old script and rewriting all of the dialogue in modern lingo . This approach often falls flat as well , but in keeping the original text , it would seem helpful to teach the actors how to say the lines with genuine expression and emotion rather than stumble over the lines in a faux-classical approach.A linguist recently did a study of English accents and determined that a Renaissance London accent probably more resembled an Appalaichan accent , so these poor renditions of classic English drama need to STOP these fake deliveries and try to deliver lines with some genuine emotion rather than present the fallacy of a classical performance.The story here is a juicy one , full of incest and rape and bawdy jokes and necrophilia . Poison and love and revenge , and Cox picks up well on the sense of revenge spiral and how violence begets violence into endless spirals , but his overly-hyped setting with loud combinations of colors and neon and technology up the wazoo grows quickly tiresome when the lines sound about as fluid as kindergarten recital.And poor Derek Jacob ... in purple fingernail polish and dark lipstick flounders without solid direction on the language -- if a great actor like this had trouble pulling off an even adequate performance , what chance has the rest of the cast have ? I am a huge fan of Eddie Izzard , and I long for him to be in a stupendous movie , but here he is as clumsy as most everyone else in the film.Read the play , and try to imagine a solid , straightforward performance without all the unnecessary lights and mirrors . This is a brutal work , worthy of a brutal performance .
 The Revengers Tragedy is one of the worst modern adaptations I have ever seen in my entire life ! I can not believe that someone would sit down and distinctly consider to even re-write such a script . I honestly believe that Thomas Middleton 's literary work has been trashed through this overdone , lack of follow through and just down right horrific costuming and acting . I highly recommend that no one rents this dvd . What a disgrace to such a fine and intense play .
 Any sense of story is completely lost in this blood and gore fest . I understand that the director is attemping to comment on the random violence of our world . Is that something new ? `` Bonnie and Clyde '' did that over 30 years ago.I also understand that we 're supposed to be jarred by the post-nuclear images of London and the freaks who haunt the underground . I so wanted to scream `` Shut up !!! '' Oh , and yes , we get the part about the beautiful member of nobility who dies under such cruel circumstances . Diana did nothing to deserve this treatment.Really , I would expect more of Derek Jacobi and even Eddy Izzard.This movie became irrelevant the day before it was released .
 I love NAI movies but I feel this one fell a little short on traditions andconnection to the mother earth and it 's creatures . I took a chance buying a movie I had never heard about .
 I have watch all three Zenki Saga , do n't know why . Stuborness , a undying hope the characters will develope . By the 3rd Saga you have about 10 min of stock footage in every episode , plus the same basic plot must make writing and animating it easy . By the end if I had to watch Zenki break his bonds , get the axe and be powered up by his brother one more time I might puke . The character never seem to develope , they are the same emotionally by this saga as the first . I would have liked to seen Zenki grow up emotionally just a little bit and Chiaki too . Just when the plot looks like it might get iteresting the DVD is over , so unless there is a 4th saga that the end mid plot point and everything . To bad I kinda liked Zenki brother , he had more character and seemed the one of the smartest . Overall , load , bright , requires no concentration , read a book while watching it , you wont miss anything important by giving it only half your attention .
 First off , I love the Halloween series and this review is based on this release . Now if you think this release will feature H20 in its OAR of 2.35:1 then you 're wrong ! This release will still present the film in an open-matte presentation of 1.78:1 and not only that but Resurrection is presented in 1.78:1 too -LRB- either cropped or open-matted from its OAR of 2.35:1 -RRB- ! Now you 're probably asking yourself `` How does he know ? '' I 'll tell you how I know ; this release was released early at Best Buy stores and a Blu-ray . com forum member got the release and told the info to confirm . I was hoping Echo Bridge would present this release as a 2-disc set with Halloween
 I ahve purchased and rented many concert videos and DVDs over the years , and found the production values to be amateurish , at best.The photography on the concert itself was dark and drab , nowhere near the quality of Jars of Clay 's music videos . This was a modern recording , so why is it only in 224kbps 2.0 stereo ? What about a PCM or Dolby Digital 5.1 mix ? The 2.0 stereo sounded almost as if it was really 2.0 mono . `` ten : thirty '' was boring . A collection of home movies shot during recording with the band doing mostly nothing , edited with short commments by the band members.Also , could n't they have included some music videos from `` The Eleventh Hour '' as bonus material.If `` Jars Of Clay '' is reading this review , they might want to consider hiring an experienced crew to film , edit , and mix the concert , and an experienced DVD author for better navigation .
 very poor quality . obviously recorded onto dvd from a vhs . very grainey and absolutely a waste of money.Do not recommend this dvd to anyone .
 I guess you 'd have to be on drugs to get this . Collectors will need it for the collection but this documentary was absurd . A big waste of time . I found myself wanted to fast forward often . I expected more from Nikolas Schrek .
 What a piece of garbage ! As a fan of true crime , I was hoping for something interesting . I was wrong . All I got out of this is the director being a fan of Charles Manson , a supporter of the church of satan , and garbage making Manson look like some sort of folk hero . And the backgroud sounds of people chanting `` praise satan '' was twisted and went on a little too long in my opinion . Subliminal ?? Charles Manson is a scum who , along with his killer family , belongs in jail the rest of their lives ! Charles babbles on and on and on and on and never makes a bit of sense . This is nothing more than trash !
 If you feel like watching a looney-toon talk gibberish for a little more than an hour and forty-five minutes , then this is the perfect DVD for you ! Otherwise , I can not recommend it.Charles Manson , the mythic architect of the August 1969 `` Tate-LaBianca Murders '' in Los Angeles , California , is interviewed in prison for this 1989 program , with very little -LRB- to none -RRB- in the way of what could be termed `` useful '' or `` enlightening '' information being revealed.Charlie talks and talks ... and talks some more during the program , seemingly coming up with answers off the top of his head ... all of which have absolutely no coherence whatsoever . Not a sentence he spoke in this program made a grain of sense.I think it 's a safe bet to say , as has been said of him in the past , that Charles Milles Manson -LRB- Maddox -RRB- is a supreme master of obfuscation and double-talk . This program , overall , has fairly rock-bottom production values too , featuring shrill sound , slow menus , not exactly top-notch video quality , and several errors by the narrator/filmmaker , who was obviously reading his spoken words straight from a written `` script '' -LRB- which I think would have been acceptable if not for the boring-like monotone quality in which its delivered in this presentation -RRB- . I 'm fascinated by the subject of Charles Manson , but I wish I had skipped this program in favor of something more compelling and far less rambling and just plain nutty -LRB- which is how Manson comes across here -RRB- . If you 're looking for quality Manson material on video , I 'd opt for the A&E ; Biography on Manson , which is quite good IMO .
 A bumbling work , the 1989 documentary `` Charles Manson - Superstar '' attempts to portray Manson in sympathetic rays - a man whose philosophy was too revolutionary for the conservative American machine . The film hints he was a radical prophet jailed more for his beliefs rather than the murders committed by his cult of wayward kids . It 's shockingly naive , lacking in knowledge of the crimes . A distractingly low-budget documentary forged with minimal skill , the film does provide rare on-camera access to Manson 's unique ramblings , and he truly puts on a show for director/interviewer Nikolas Schreck.For 60-plus minutes , we see Manson genuinely trying to make sense of his notoriety , stroking his graying goatee , staring into space before abruptly standing up to perform his now-legendary shtick . He 's quite animated , doing a jig here , karate chop there , inching towards Schreck with a wink and a smile . It 's a first-hand look at the Manson con , formed during endless decades of incarceration staring from the windows of numerous cells . There has never been a doubt as to his charisma , and he hovers over Schreck and mumbles , `` You and I are connected . I can see we have a lot in common . '' You realize you are witnessing first-hand the very rap he used to entice numerous kids into his brood.There 's some good footage of the Barker Ranch compound in Death Valley , with several haunting shots of the abandoned vehicles and trash still remaining from the days the Manson commune lived there in 1969 . There 's some nice footage of what 's left of Spahn Ranch circa 1989 . Schreck 's narration , stiff and pretentious , attempts to make intellectual sense of the Manson aura , at times connecting his influence to current movements including the skinheads . Sadly the narration , undoubtedly penned by Schreck , exposes what an amateur mess the documentary is . His exaggerated proclamations and insinuations serve as evidence as to the shallow perception fueling the work . It 's fairly easy to see through the propaganda.As many know , Schreck is the leader of the latest version of the Satanic Church started by the late Anton LaVey , and he 's married to his daughter . Not sure what they are calling the group today , the Werewolf Order or the Left Hand Path . These counterculture movements were hip in the late 1960s and Manson devotee Susan Atkins was in fact a dancer in one of LaVey 's San Francisco productions . This minor connection is documented in the film and supported by urban legends to create a `` wow '' factor for the uninformed . Schreck 's awkward questions during the Manson interviews are harmless , possessing the power of lobbed cotton balls.In addition , Schreck 's knowledge of the crimes is shockingly ignorant . Then again , had he known the facts , would Manson have allowed him such access ? Oh well , even as far back as 1989 it was genuinely known Manson was a major instigator in the LaBianca slayings , choosing the very house and victims himself . Today , additional evidence seems to point towards Manson visiting the Polanski/Tate household following the murders -LRB- and just a couple of hours before dawn -RRB- to inspect the crime scene . So for Schreck 's documentary to attempt to portray Manson as an innocent bystander jailed for his beliefs causes the film to slide into the neighborhood of UFO abductions.To Schreck 's credit , he 's gone on record to say his documentary was incorrect in assumption and he believes he was conned by Manson . Surprise , surprise ... A blunt curiosity , lacking skill or insight .
 This is one of the the worst documentaries I 've seen , regardless of subject . Manson is an extremely romantic character and a pop culture icon and while that explains the interest it does not explain this film . The quality is incredibly poor , that audio is sometimes incoherrent and the interviews are cut poorly with no editing to speak of . If you are incredibly curious and fanatical you will pursue regardless of any review , but if you want a good documentary , try elsewhere .
 It 's time the leech Nikolas Schreck 's great journalistic acumen be exposed for what it is
 Rodan remains one of the most entertaining of all Japanese monster movies , with nice color photography and more consistent special effects than the original Godzilla . This DVD , though , is a disappointment . The print that was used is by no means the cleanest you 'll ever find -- lots of scratches and dirt on the image -- and there really are n't any extras . No effort appears to have been made to find better source material , and that makes for a less-than-stellar DVD experience . They could have done much better .
 It dos n't really have a story
 This has to be the all time worst sci-fi flick since the mesozoic era . Poor acting . Poor directing . Poor scenery and effects ...
 I bought this DVD at -LSB- store -RSB- for -LSB- price -RSB- . I can safely say that it was probably worth half of that . I think that I seem to be missing all of this mystery that everyone else speaks of when they describe roDAN ! I know that special effects were not in their prime back in roDAN ! 's days , but seeing the same tank roll by in a scene three times is n't doing it for me . Also , the exact same jet airplane was destroyed at least four times . I do n't know much about Japanese cinema , but their dialogue proves to be uninteresting and ponderous . The only thing that kept myself and my friends going during the movie was shouting roDAN ! The monsters were overly plastic and the model towns were obvious . If we are going to be that fake , I would at least want a little camp . In mechagodzilla it was funny to see this beast fly by essentially standing horizontally and moving across the screen . Here roDAN ! is taken too seriously . I say we need less boring dialogue that does n't contribute to the plot and more action for roDAN !
 Just as a warning , I am a pretty big G-fan ... This Rodan DVD seems to be the norm for the majority of kaiju DVDs released here in the States ; the movie is good , classic kaiju eiga , but this DVD is barebones , and rather lacking in quality.MovieRodan is a classic Japanese monster film released shortly after Gojira 1954 , and the first of the Toho films to be released in colour . Basically two giant flying monsters wreck havoc on Sasebo and other parts of Japan . SFX are kinda cheesy in some scenes , and the scene where a jet is destroyed midair is repeated way too many times , but other than that the Rodans look pretty good flying around and causing havoc . Wires are occasionally visible , something I 've never really noticed when I saw this on TV . There are a few times where the SFX were so cheesy I laughed out loud , like when the bug lunges 100ft at a policeman and kills him . Hehe ... Pretty consistent with Toho 's efforts . Akira Ifukube is responsible for the music , and Ishiro Honda returns as director . I doubt this is the uncut version ... 4/5VideoThe picture is average at best ; of course , some of this is due to the film 's age -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , but the transfer really is n't that great , and there are scratches and print damage all over the place . Given the awesome treatment Toho has given for many of their Region-2 releases of older kaiju films , there really is n't much of an excuse for such shoddiness on the part of Classic Media/Sony . Rodan , like Gojira 1954 , was filmed in Full Screen , so a lack of widescreen here is n't a concern .2 / 5AudioSadly this DVD only offers English Dubbing ; the original Japanese track is nowhere to be found . The dubbing is adequate for the most part , although there are some awkward moments , and appears to the be same dubbing in the version frequently on TV . The 5.1 track is absolutely terrible , echoing like no other , and is quite a pain to listen to . Stick with the 2.0 Stereo here , which is adequate .2 / 5ExtrasOther than an awful preview for the Godzilla game for Gamecube , there is n't anything else .0 / 5OverallThe quality is low enough where you should only pick this up if you find it for $ 5 or less in some bargain bin somewhere ; the $ 10 they ask for here on Amazon may be too much .1.5 / 5
 I 've always been a big fan of all the Toho monster movies and had been awaiting this DVD release with baited breath . Would this be the one to finally feature an option to watch the movie in Japanese with English subtitles ? Evidently not . I 'm tired of these great movies being reduced to cheap B flicks by virtue of awful dubbing , re-editing and the deletion of music cues . It 's time they were seen as originally intended . I 've been lucky enough to see subtitled copies of many of the Godzilla movies ... all of them brilliant.But these tacky dubbed versions drain all the soul out of them ... and are an insult to the great filmmaker 's who put them together in the first place . I 'm tempted to learn Japanese and buy the official Toho releases .
 The five-star review here must be for the Warner Brothers Archive Collection DVD of `` The Prisoner of Zenda . '' If it were for the Grapevine Video release , I 'm sure it would have mentioned the abysmal quality of the DVD . Grapevine 's transfer to DVD was made from an extremely bad print of the film , with absolutely no attempt at restoration . Many of the title cards are so dark as to be unreadable ; surely it would have been a simple matter to create new title cards for this release -- unless the Grapevine people could n't read them either . The contrast in one section of the film is so high that characters and objects are reduced to featureless blobs on the screen.I agree completely with the other reviewer 's comments on the acting and the cinematic qualities of the 1922 film . I 'll be returning the Grapvine DVD , and I 'm willing to try the Warner Brothers release , but in the meantime I 'll stick with the 1937 Ronald Coleman version .
 I bought this film thinking it sounded really interesting , but I have to admit it is one of the dullest movies i have ever watched ! The sleeve notes promised alot but the film delivered nothing . very disappointing !!!
 I purchased this DVD , thinking it may have much info regarding the 1918 flu pandemic . It does n't - just briefly alluded to . But , an interesting glimpse into this very interesting era .
 `` The Terror of MechaGodzilla '' is a very forgettable Godzilla movie that unfortunately marked the last appearance of Godzilla in the original series -LRB- which lasted from 1954 to 1975 -RRB- . Like most Godzilla movies from the 1970s , the story has something to do with an alien invasion . It also involves a prehistoric dinosaur called `` Titanosaurus '' rampaging around Tokyo . MechaGodzilla , Godzilla 's mechanical clone , comes along for the ride , this time being controlled by the aliens.The alien invasion story in this movie is simply not interesting , engaging , or funny . Mostly , it 's just boring . The monster action is curiously kept to a minumum , and besides the opening credits -LRB- which are mostly stock footage from the previous entry , `` Godzilla vs. MechaGodzilla '' -RRB- , Godzilla himself does n't show up until the 47 minute mark.The DVD is unfortunately not presented in its original 2.35:1 aspect ratio . It is shown in a severely cropped 1.33:1 version . The picture is quite scratchy with muted colours , although I must confess , it was a bit better than I expected it to be . The only special feature is a preview for the `` Godzilla
 Summary
 I ca n't believe how boring this movie is . Right off the bat , you should know that Godzilla is n't the star of this movie . With that out of the way , you should prepare yourself for a typical sci-fi flick , because Godzilla is hardly in this movie.The Human Scenes are , for the most part , serious . The only humour to be found is in the way the aliens dress up -LRB- dark sunglasses , large helmets with horns , white sneakers , etc -RRB- . Also , the way they laugh is somewhat funny . Apart from that , this is a serious movie . And it 's not very engaging . It 's actually quite boring.The Monster Scenes are seriously lacking . Sure , the movie opens up with recycled highlights from the previous movie `` Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla , '' but after that , Godzilla does n't appear until the 46th minute . Well , actually , he only appears for the 2 minutes there because the other monster withdraws . So , we do n't really see Godzilla until the 55th minute to be sure . Until that moment , you see a few scenes of Titanosaurus not doing too much . Oh , did I tell you that Mechagodzilla does NOTHING until the 55th minute ? So until the end of the movie , you 're left with boring Human Scenes that do n't exactly entertain the audience between Monster Scenes.To be fair , the climactic fight -LRB- the ONLY fight actually -RRB- that begins on minute 55 is quite decent . Also , it lasts until the 77th minute . Still , this does n't make-up for the lack of Monster Action throughout the movie 's duration . -LSB- The Monster Scenes during the movie consist of Monster vs. Monster , Monster vs. Alien/Mankind , and Monster Trashing City -RSB- In any case , the Human Scenes do n't flow very well with the Monster Scenes . And Godzilla seems to be thrown into the movie from ` out of the blue ' - very poor integration of the main character.Make no mistake
 This easily my top three favorite Godzilla movies , but this DVD release unfortunately has tons of scenes cut out -LRB- probably 20 min or more -RRB- . One major cut is the ending when Katsura gets shot , she is supposed to kill herself but then the movie just ends leaving you wondering what happened . I guess there was just too much suicide in this movie or something . If you are buying this movie for Godzilla fight scenes it is well worth it , but I would n't recommended it to someone who remembers the original film , I 'd wait for the release of the unedited classic that I would have given 5 stars for instead of only 2 .
 Aliens from the Third Planet of the Black Hole -LRB- or something like that -RRB- hatch a plot to transform Tokyo into some kind of alien super-city with the aid of a giant robot and a living dinosaur . Naturally , only Godzilla can save the day . I loved these movies when I was a kid and I still want to love them now for their nostalgia value , but I just ca n't get past how clunky , repetitive , and , well ... dull they are . Nevertheless , I give this film a couple stars because I can still get a thrill from the iconic image of Godzilla stomping through Tokyo , the classic score is great , and there are a few moments of goofy charm that deliver the experience I was hoping for . /
 I didnt get what was pictured on Amazon 's website , It looked like a copy of the original . I returned it immediately and ordered from somewhere else .
 I gave this DVD 1 star simply because there is no way to give this DVD no stars.First , let 's talk about the truth in advertising , or lack there of . The back of the case says the extras include `` Interactive Trivia Game , Film Facts , Godzilla Trailer Collection , Godzilla Video Art Gallery , 4 Full Screen Motion Screen Savers , Printable Photo Gallery , Printable Art Gallery . '' The ONLY one of these things that is remotely true is you get 1 screen of basic film facts , and that 's it!Second , let 's talk about the 5.1 Surround Sound audio track . The DVD does offer 2 audio tracks , the 5.1 and a Dolby Digital one . However , the 5.1 track audio is out of synch with the video ! Yes , it 's an English dubbed Japanese movie , but , even at that , the track does not match ; the sound effects are grossly behind the on screen video . Also , Simitar took a page from Rhino 's Transformers and G.I. Joe DVD 's and added new sound effects into the mix that no one asked for!Lastly , the choice of video print is the Bob Cohn Enterprises US theatrical cut . That cut removed so much of the film that could be construed as too violent for kids in order to get a G rating that what happens on screen often times makes no sense!If you want Terror Of Mechagodzilla , get the Toho Master Collection DVD from Classic Media instead . You get the UPA TV cut , which is mostly completely Toho 's official intended English cut , save for one scene of fake bare breasts that was naturally cut for American TV audiences . You also get the Japanese cut of the movie , which is actually shorter than the UPA TV cut because UPA added a prologue to the print to explain what happened in previous Godzilla films , in particular Godzilla Vs. Mechagodzilla , aka Godzilla Vs. The Cosmic Monster , aka Godzilla Vs. The Bionic Monster . There 's a commentary track on the English cut , a 10 minute featurette on the many women who have appeared in Godzilla movies , a photo gallery , and the Japanese trailer .
 Ishiro Honda & Akira Ifukube both make a welcome return to the G series after a few years away -LRB- I am not countingGodzilla vs. Gigan 's use of Ifukube 's music for other films -RRB- . Honda 's direction , while not as assured as his work on such earlier classics asMothra vs. GodzillaandInvasion of Astro-Monster -LRB- aka Monster Zero -RRB- , really adds to the proceedings & helps propel the story along . Akira Ifukube once again contributes a masterful score -LRB- the best moments are the cues for Katsura & the new Mechagodzilla theme -RRB- . Mechagodzilla -LRB- MG2 per an insignia on his arm -RRB- looks great , all robotic fury and icy malevolence . He 's the star of the show here . Godzilla 's look is a modified version of the previous film 's design . Titanosaurus is okay but I just ca n't seem to make myself like him . Sure , his backstory -LRB- a dinosaur forced to attack mankind by alien invaders -RRB- is interesting & his design is decent enough but ... I do n't know . Maybe it 's that silly roar or maybe it 's his `` power tail . '' The spfx are generally executed well . As usual , there 's a lot of impressive pyro on display here . The scene where Mechagodzilla decimates city blocks is definitely a highlight . I have to say , the aliens do look rather silly in their 1930 's era space invader helmets . Also , the scene where the `` godzilla air balloon '' is repeatedly knocked into the air does not work at all . This film is uneven but it 's not a bad way for Godzilla to bid farewell to the '70s .
 I remember now why I did n't like this as a kid.Though this is the last original Godzilla , he 's as cool as ever here.the things missing in this particular episode/movie : Titanosaurus , looks cool , but is weak -LRB- as someone mentions , he 's not a fighting monster -RRB- -- he is like King Sesar from the first Godzilla v. Mechagodzilla
 This sequel to Godzilla Vs. Mechagodzilla makes its predecessor look like Oscar material . Godzilla does n't appear in this movie until mid-way through it . When he finally does show up , Godzilla seems to pop-up out of nowhere to do battle with Titanosaurus , one of the worst movie monsters that I have ever seen.Being a rabid Godzilla fan , I looked forward to watching this movie . Unfortunately , even my five year old son did not like this installment in the Godzilla series.Poor plot . Poor villains . Poor effects . Not enough Godzilla.Don ' t waste your time & money on this one .
 The Simitar two-sided dvd contains a fullscreen versionon one side , and a so-called `` theatrical '' `` letterbox '' version on the other.WARNING
 I rented this movie , and the quality was horrible . I have the Simitar release , and that was way better . Now I have the R2 uncut Japanese version of this movie , and that is far superior than any release here of this version . It was remastered , so there are hardly any scratch marks on the print , which is what it should be when released for dvd . It was worth the price I paid . While the original version was n't made with a widescreen format , the US release was , and only the Simitar release is widescreen , this is n't . Classic Media should be punished by all us Godzilla fans for this blasphemy !!
 No matter how much you may want to see this film , DO N'T BUY IT . This transfer was made from a beat up , soft , poor-contrast 16mm print , and to release it on Blu-ray was nothing short of thievery on the part of Toho or whoever was responsible . The film is worthwhile , but unless they issue a new Blu-ray transfer from good 35mm source material save your money .
 One expects a higher priced Blu-ray Edition to be an improvement over the DVD Release . This release omits the Raymond Burr Godzilla King Of the Monsters version . Now instead of passing thew DVD on to a youngster I 'll HAVE to keep both . I will not get tripled dipped on this one . Classic Media dropped the ball with this release . They 've tarnished their impressive record of Kaiju releases
 I bought this DVD because my 4-year grandaughter is fasinated with Godzilla . It did n't hold her attention or mine . There was more of Raymond Burr than Godzilla .
 Inexcuseable . Being a short movie there would have been ample room on the DVD to include the original Japaneese version of the film . The Raymond Burr version presents broken shards of the original film interspersed with an american narrator spliced in to soothe the minds of racist 1950 's america . `` Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon '' viewers can choose between english subtitling or english dubbing . Godzilla fans get neither . DVD extras are a nice , but what 's the point when they do n't include the movie in the first place ?
 The disc was n't scratched or obviously damaged , but it started skipping about halfway through the movie on several DVD players , including a PC DVD drive . My guess is that the factory pressed a few bad discs and I got one of them . Amazon gave me a full refund so I 'm not too disappointed .
 Yes the movie is a classic , but there is no restoration , so the picture quality is appalling . I have movies from the 1920 's and 30 's that look better . Avoid this Blu-ray .
 I 'm well-aware that this movie had been chopped up by us Americans when we released this movie in the states . And so my following mini-review is based on `` Godzilla , King of the Monsters '' starring Raymond Bore ... I know it 's spelled `` Burr '' but since there was no respect for the original Japanese edit of this movie , I 'll show similar respect for this actor 's wooden performance.First off , why ? Why on Earth did there have to be inserts of an American actor ? Did we put an American actor in `` Seven Samurai '' before it was shown in the US ? No , so what 's the deal?I 'm only griping about this because , well , Raymond Burr is BORING . He shows no range of acting ability - it 's therefore a mystery as to why we felt the need for his presence ? He adds nothing special to the flick . He ca n't act . He 's boring . And he ca n't even pronounce `` shortlived '' correctly which is sad considering he 's American . I feel no remorse in knocking every little flaw about Raymond Bore because someone important thought he could do a better job than the Japanese star . And because of our need to put a caucasion star in the movie , we end up with a series of human scenes in which the star does n't interact with the rest of the cast . Sure , they try to make it look like he 's talking to some of the REAL Japanese stars , but overall , Raymond Bore feels like he 's in his own little world devoid of character interaction.In any case , I 'm not sure who to blame for this one , but the scenes do n't flow well together . As a matter of fact , they do n't flow period . Watching this movie is like watching a series of unrelated scenes thrown together for no apparent reason ; the only thing binding the scenes together is that they 're all part of this movie called `` Godzilla . `` As for the monster scenes , they 're way too over-rated . I was n't entertained at all by Godzilla 's presence . It was boring , and I never felt his impact . The humans do n't really confront him - the movie says they do , but you do n't really see it . So you get very little action between Godzilla and the military . And if I did n't say so already , the monster scenes do n't flow well with the human scenes.In the final scene where the scientist and the other guy go underwater to place the Oxygen-destroyer , I did n't feel the emotional impact that I was supposed to feel . Even when the scientist decides to end his life , I felt nothing . I was saying to myself `` who really cares ? '' I mean , the movie tried to play it serious and emotional , but it fails.Overall , you get a serious movie that does n't engage/interest the viewer very well . You get horrible character interaction between the `` stars . '' None of the scenes flow well together . The monster action is boring . A very weak title . It 's really no wonder why the most popular Godzilla movies are the really campy ones with hilarious dialogue , and great monster action . I have yet to see a serious Godzilla movie that entertained me.Yes , I wish I had access to the original Japanese version . But I still do n't know if I 'd like it due to its serious content which rarely impresses me in a Kaiju movie . I 'd still recommend seeing either version at least once just to say you 've seen the Original Godzilla . After you 've seen it , feel free to let your disc collect dust because you 're unlikely to ever watch it again .
 As a previous reviewer wrote , the original GODZILLA films have a grandeur and drama that none of its followers can approach . The use of black and white photography , and the brilliantly composed score , enhances the sense of impending doom . The characters are particularly realistic and haunting and the introduction of the Raymond Burr character -LRB- Raymond Burr in a very low-key and controlled performance -RRB- for the American release does n't take away from the drama of the original , Japanese GOJIRO.This new release does seem to offer a fuller scope in its picture , and an overall greater clarity from scene to scene , but I was immediately shocked at the amount of cracks and mars in the video . Based on pre-release commentary , I anticipated a much cleaner , much more highly restored picture . The soundtrack sounds fantastic , and the packaging of the Criterion release gives GODZILLA the classic status the movie deserves.Perhaps there was no source material that allowed for a better clean up , but this was not what I had anticipated or hoped for .
 Do n't waste your money on this terrible 1080i transfer . The only version of this title worth owning is the BFI UK Import DVD which sports a far better transfer of Gojira -LRB- with English subs -RRB- . It 's a R2 PAL DVD but one of the few DVD 's that actually looks better than its Blu-Ray counterpart .
 I wo n't claim this is a movie review - everything said previously about the glorious original Japanese version -LRB- which I have as a VHS dub from laser disc -RRB- is true.For the 50th anniversary of `` Gojira , '' and with the original film making the rounds of specialty theaters in a new 35mm print described as `` beautiful , '' it 's time to retire the `` Steve Martin '' farce of the Raymond Burr version once and for all . Then maybe we can concentrate on the REPEAT Steve Martin farce from `` Gojira 1985 , '' a film which I must say is every bit forgettable except as it elements from it have recurred at Toho Studio 's occasional whim .
 If you are looking for the 2004 restored and re-released version of the ORIGINAL Japanese version -LRB- with the original 98 minutes of footage restored and without the lousy American version Ramond Burr scenes -RRB- then you DO N'T want this DVD.The original Japanese version of this movie was a much different , and much better , version of the story . The Americanized version destroys the sublety of the film and reduces it to a giant guy in a rubber suit crush-crumble-chomp fest.Everyone has seen this version of the movie dozens of times on late night TV . Avoid this purchase and you 'll be much happier .
 This American version of Gojira stinks . The quality is horrible , the audio is horrible and the only special feature is a corney and home-made trailer for the now out-of-date Godzilla
 This is normally considered the best Godzilla movie among fans , but I do n't know . Please do n't hold it against me if you disagree with me , but I just found the whole enterprise kind of boring . Frankly , a nuclear message movie and a giant monster movie just do n't mix . Likewise , it 's too somber a movie . It just does n't have the fun , silly elements that I see a Godzilla movie for . It takes itself too seriously . `` Godzilla 2000 '' is my favorite of the series because it was constantly winking at its audience.The DVD is about as good as you 'd expect . There is a full frame version -LRB- 1.33:1 -RRB- , and a widescreen version -LRB- 1.37:1 -RRB- . The letterboxing is so modest it really does n't matter which version you choose . The picture is about what you 'd expect . Night scenes are murky and the picture is sometimes scratchy and sometimes clean . On the special features front , there is a collection of trailers -LRB- not the originals , unfortunately -RRB- , an art gallery , a trivia game , and some hidden film facts and biographies on side one . On side two there is a sci-fi monsters documentary , which is basically a collection of theatrical trailers for movies from `` War of the Worlds '' and `` The Day the Earth Stood Still '' to `` Robot Monster '' and `` The Giant Claw . '' It 's not very professional , but it 's enjoyable .
 If you pick this up expecting blu-ray quality like I did , save your money . Whoever transfered this to blu-ray did so without `` cleaning up '' the film 's imperfections first . It 's full of scratches . I had the standard DVD release of this and was disappointed when i put on the blu-ray version and saw all the flaws still in it . They did n't even have the courtesy of English-dubbing it . If you do n't understand Japanese , sitting through 2 hours hearing all the screaming in a language unknown , it grates on your last nerve . Why could n't they English-dub it like Criterion did to Salo ? In a nutshell , I think the manufacturers of this blu-ray release are in it purely for the money . The bonus features are pretty decent , including the making of the Godzilla suit , which was interesting but other than that , I 'd say do n't waste your money . You can get the standard dvd of this at a fraction of the cost with the same quality .
 Blu-ray version is missing Raymond Burr !! I have seen both the American and Japanese versions of Godzilla . The Blu-ray version is missing Raymond Burr . I prefer the American version of this movie with Raymond Burr , I understand that others prefer the Japanese version.Postpone your purchase until both versions of the movie are included .
 Amazon 's description for the Blu-ray edition states , `` Also included is Godzilla , King of the Monsters -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , the popular ` Americanized ' version starring Raymond Burr ... '' This is false . The Blu-Ray version does NOT include the Americanized cut . Amazon appears to have lifted this wording from the 2-disc standard DVD set , `` Gojira / Godzilla Deluxe Collector 's Edition . '' And considering this Blu-ray 's poor image quality -LRB- described in other reviews -RRB- , that standard DVD set is clearly a better choice at half the price .
 Honestly , for those of you who have yet to heed the warnings of the other reviewers who have claimed that this movie is a travesty , you really ought to do yourselves a favor and actually find a way to see the original film , like I did . Fortunately I saw the original before I saw this god-awful thing.Though the original is by no means a movie you 'll be able to refrain from laughing at -LRB- the machine used to kill Godzilla is called the Oxygen Destroyer , for Christ sakes -RRB- , there 's an entirely relevant load of substance to the Japanese characters subtly portrayed in the Americanized version that the movie itself loses all of its dignity along with all of that substance . Though to some -LRB- including myself -RRB- both versions were a laugh-fest due to the fact the primitive methods used to portray special effects in the 1950s are hilarious , the Japanese version included a very touching romance between Hideto Ogata and Emiko Yemani that ended tragically and heroically through Ogata 's selfless sacrifice in order to put a stop to Godzilla . This emotional scene is completely ruined in the American version with constant incoherent cuts to Raymond Burr 's ugly mug . Those who have seen the Japanese version might have actually taken a break from their laughter to perhaps realize the same moral learned by those who saw the same movie in Japan when it was first released , too . Every shred of evidence that this movie is an allegory to the disastrous affects of the a-bomb usage has been deleted . So , the original has character substance . However , if you 're watching this DVD 's version you 'll get nothing but a man in a rubber suit thrashing about with fishing line attached to his tail so he can knock down a train or two until there 's an arbitrary cut to Burr 's face wide-eyed with astonishment.If you love Godzilla for the laughs I highly recommend this title , as it is shoddy 1950s special effects at their comedic zenith . However , if you would like to see why so many appreciated the original film -LRB- as well as laugh at the outrageous name given to the device given to Godzilla that 's mentioned seriously a hundred times -RRB- then I would highly recommend you do some research and find some means of watching the original `` Gojira . '' I saw it at a local independent theater , though there 's rumor that it may be headed to DVD this winter .
 I recently saw the ORIGINAL Godzilla released in 1954 , which was directed by I. Honda . The AMERICAN version has `` cut out '' critical footage to make the film `` lacking in writing and direction '' by Terry Morse . This version is a rock solid lack of truth , because of the failure of Hollywood to `` leave it alone '' . All reading this review should see the original and not purchase the 1956 version which has been `` cut to ribbons `` The film because of Hollywood is a disaster , and should be avoided at all costs
 I watched Godzilla when I was just a kid and I 've been watching it ever since . I guess you could say it 's my `` Rocky Horror Picture Show '' . The acting is n't great by any stretch of the imagination , but there 's just something about it that I love ! It 's entertaining in its own way . I 've never been priveleged to see the original movie that this one was based on . I 'd love to sometime , but for now , as bad as the movie purists say this is , I love my Godzilla !!
 This is ok but , I have three reasons why it got two stars . 1 . should not of put Burr in it 2 . 20 minutes cut out -LRB- or something like that -RRB- 3 . Classic scenes are cut out
 NOTE
 This is not a critique of the artistic or entertainment merits of the film itself . I am restricting this review to the quality of the blu-ray release alone.After watching blu-ray releases of black-and-white Japanese films such as the Seven Samurai and Yojimbo produced by Criterion , my expections were high for the quality of these release . I was extremely disappointed . Unlike the Criterion releases , there has been absolutely no attempt to re-master this film . The film is full of scenes that are murky , grainy , washed-out and/or full of scratches to the film element.This is not a nit-picky critcism of an extreme video/audiophile . I do n't know anything about technical specifications for home electronics such as dpi , compressions rates , etc. . I am simply reacting to what I see on the screen . If someone as uneducated as myself can see the shortcomings of this release , it must be pretty bad.It boggles my mind why this company would even bother to release this film in high definition blu-ray when they obviously have such poor source material to work with and have no intention of doing any restoration.I sincerely hope Criterion , Studio Canal or some other company with a better track record for quality will aquire to the rights to this film so we can get a better release .
 i have read that TOHO has just remastered -LRB- sept 2009 -RRB- this in 4K HD 1080p and it is pristine-it is also pillarboxed-so you see more than the DVD $ 65 at YESASIAall region no subs-but we all know the story by heart dont we ?
 Godzilla King of the Monsters -LRB- 1956 -RRB- -LRB- Sony 2002 -RRB- 2/5Just have to say this movie is -LSB- stuff -RSB- compaired to the Japanese original un-edited version.Okay here we go anohter -LSB- bad -RSB- godzilla dvd . This disc contains a 4:3 picture -LRB- I do n't know if this is the original ratio so I wo n't comment -RRB- which has alot of film damage in places although it is good in others , it does n't suffer from compression though . It has a mono soundtrack as standard , the sound is patchy , most of the reshot peices with Raymond Burr sound quite clear , but the Japanese orginal material is very hissy . Ever wanted to watch Godzilla in the bathroom but ca n't because there 's no electrical outlets there ? Well now you can simulate it by turning on the BONUS 5.1 remix of the soundtrack which is one of the very worst I have ever listened to . The sound is echoed and reverbed all over so everywhere sounds like a bathroom . Now the final Extra reveals the true reason for this release , the preview of Destroy All Monsters for the GameCube , this makes it more obvious than ever that this is just a -LSB- low -RSB- tie-in release to get a bit of interest in the game.Good Points
 This movie is alright . But I saw the original 98 minute versionwith sub-titles . That was better . Does anyone know if its available anywhere . Last version was dubbed .
 The version that was released on DVD a couple of years ago is by far the best . This version is supposed to be `` restored '' ? My copy still has the scratches in the frames and skips every now and then . My biggest disappointment is that it does not include the reworked Raymond Burr version . Yes , I could have read that it did n't but I ASSUMED it did like the previous release did . For you purists out there it is a grand thing , but for me I wish I had of passed on this .
 The ultimate Godzilla is the original , Japanese version -LRB- Gojira/Godzilla -RRB- in Japanese with English subtitles . After seeing it in it 's original form , I would never again want to see the staging done with Raymond Burr . Come on ! It 's less a story about the Terrible Lizard that attacks Japan and more a story of the terrible actor who is looking for another vehicle . It may have hooked American audiences in it 's day and you may want a copy for your collection , but upping the price and calling it the `` Criterion Collection . '' Surely you have something else you want to buy .
 This movie made me sick to my Tum Tum . In fact , after I watched it , I felt like taking a Colt revolver and blowing my brains out . My life will definitely be Rocky after watching this horrible flick .
 This movie was a big disapointment i grew up on the three ninjas movies and this one stunk , i mean they slap in three noname kids to play the parts , and a few washed up actors and call it '' an exelent follow up . '' I wanted to throw colt off of that lookout tower they were on , to bad his nostrils would 've worked as parachutes , and his mullet would have cuoght hold of something , and tum tum was a little shrimp , and rocky , they expect us to believe he had a girlfriend ? this movie sucked !
 DO NOT WATCH IT . it is a complete waste of time . the shots are off -LRB- you can see the people in the background and it 's obvious that the film is being sped up -RRB- . if you want to watch a good 3 ninjas movie , stick with the first 3 . i do this to warn you .
 I do n't like this movie beause it does n't have the same Rocky , Colt , and Tum Tum .
 I do n't like this movie beause it does n't have the same Rocky , Colt , and Tum Tum .
 I bought this film for a dollar with the intention of sending it to a friend who needed some `` family '' entertainment . Being a connoisseur of bad movies , though , my curiosity got the best of me and I had to preview it just to see Jim Varney as the villain , Lothar Zogg , which I admit is a great name . It is a sad day when Jim Varney is the best dramatic actor in a movie , even a kid 's movie . -LRB- I would say this movie would be appropriate for ages six an up ; the only violence is incessant karate . -RRB- This will definitely teach me not to watch kid 's movies I bought as gifts.Again , I repeat , Varney is by far the highlight of the film , although Hulk Hogan -LRB- as `` Dave Dragon '' -RRB- tries his best to hang in there . The undisputed low point is Loni Anderson in a black leather outfit as the evil `` Medusa . '' Her performance is not frightening , though her evident cosmetic surgery made me scream out loud.The plot is that three kids , Colt , Rocky , and Tum Tum -LRB- really -RRB- learn to be ninjas from their grandpa , who uses a variety of teaching methods , most of which seem to involve toilet plungers . They defend Mega Mountain from terrorists led by the `` Zogg and Medusa Moronic Criminals Corporation '' -LRB- apparently -RRB- via endless action sequences and contrivances that James Bond would n't allow out of his tool shed , furnished by brainy techno-nerd , Amanda . Eventually the tension is resolved by the least believable plot device -LRB- hint
 This movie sucks ! This movie will have you rooting for the bad guys . Did I menchen that the bad guy is Earnest . `` from the earnest movies . '' This movie is written awfull and directed awfull and the acting is awfull . Colt 's lisp gets on your nerves . Colt acts gay and looks gay . Tum Tum needs help over ever single obstical . Rocky is gay and wants wheels . The bad guys want quick cash and take over an amusment park . Why do n't they just rob a bank or something . Hulk Hogan is in this movie , but he sucks . He always gets beat up by some old lady in leather . Did I menchen that the bad guy is Earnest . The worst thing about this movie is Colt . You just wish that you could drown him . His nose is huge and his nostrils pobably would n't allow him to drown . He can use them as a floatation devise . They invite some girl over and invite her to the park after she ran a helicopter threw there window . `` Who says that she 's not a murderer . < WHAT WERE THEY THINKING > Did I menchen that Earnest is the bad guy . Gee I bet that this movie boosted Hulk Hogan 's carrer.I invited my friend to watch it and he gaged after 5 minutes . Did I menchen that Earnest is the main bad guy . They 're supposed to be older , but they all shrunk and became gay . Well I 'm warning you from my fate DONT BUY THIS MOVIE UNLESS YOU WANT TO SEE EXACTALY HOW CRAPY IT REALLY IS . Or if your a child it might be alright , but not for a teen or anyone with half a brain.P.S I just relized that the deformed M on Hulk 's chest is really a fist . < WHO KNEW . >
 * I could n't find my purchase of the DVD in my region on Amazon but the movie is the same on VHS.The only reason I bought this DVD is because I 'm such a fan of Varney 's . I would n't have known about this movie much less get it if he was n't in it . While lots of people rag on Hulk Hogan , he was n't the worst actor . By far , the ` Most Wooden Performance ' goes to Loni Anderson . If this is a family oriented movie , why in the world did they have her dress in that skanky leather outfit that was far too short ? Terrible casting as far as Loni goes . She was supposed to be the evil Medusa but I did n't buy it . She just did n't have the quality of pulling off the ` bad guy ' type of role . She was the ` master-mind ' behind taking over an amusement park and threatening to destroy it if the owner did n't pony up the dough . She was much better on ` WKRP in Cinncinati ' . I got a little tired of Tum Tum 's ` Ay-yahs ' after a while . They were too high pitched and over done . I was actually rooting for Lothar to become successful in his mission because he was the only one of the bad guys with the brilliance to pull off the heist . The other goons barely had a double digit IQ put together . Jim easily outshone all the stars , as usual . He always gives his best to whatever role he played as you can see here . Jim and Victor were the two best actors in this movie . The man was a brilliant actor and a genius . If you 're a fan of Varney 's , then yes , get the movie just to watch him . Otherwise , do n't bother .
 dig this , yo brethrin , hold your hand limp , facing your left . then pound your chest like that saying repeatedly `` I am Wee tod edd '' then have someone watch you .
 `` 3 Ninjas '' , as a concept , is pretty stupid . Three white kids are taught in the art of ninjitsu by their Japanese grandfather , whom none of their parents look remotely Asian -LRB- I guess one of them was adopted -RRB- . The kids use their impossible abilities to fight evil ninjas in broad daylight , while making cartoony sound-effects and awful one-liners . And people complain about `` Naruto '' disregarding the art of the ninja ? Regardless , it 's a stupid concept that 's marketable , but there comes a time where a franchisable product can go too far after many sequels . `` High Noon on Mega Mountain '' represent the franchise pushing the bar as low as it can get , a heinous amateur production far from intelligence and fun . There 's only two reasons to praise it
 They had to be HIGH when they made this movie . HOLY CRAP . Hogan 's hair is fake just like his acting . Grandpa went from a wise old man to a stupid old bat . The kids want to leave him at the first part of the movie , but it 's never menchened again . At the end it has no menchen of the previous elements in the movie . Grandpa is probobly the best actor of all of the caracters though . Tum Tum and Colt are the worst . I wish that they made a game so that I could repeatedly kill Colt . This is n't a real 3 ninja 's movie anyway . It 's practically all about Dave Dragon and his gay power rangers . If you want a real 3 ninjas go with Kick Back or the other 2 . P.S. Colt has the gayest lisp ever . He really doth
 this movie is not worth it . buy part 1,2,3 . do n't waste your money on this piece of trash .
 A friend of mine caught the end of this movie on cinemax , then he waited until the next time it was on , and taped it . When he brought it to my house I was shocked and apalled . The acting is horrible , the fight scenes are disgusting , and the children are flat out annoying , not to mention Colt , who has a mullet and nostrils the size of dump truck tires . I started watching the movie at the part where multiple `` ninjas '' in funny black costumes attack the children . One of the 3 kids jumps about 12 feet onto the roof of a building , the ninja he is fighting appearently intentionally falls off after he gets hit . Tum tum the youngest one is always kicking these 6 foot tall men in the face , but they never show him do it , just a leg probably on a stick . The movie is chock full of `` Ball '' jokes , every ninja that Tum tum ever fights gets kicked in the privates , ha ha ? What about the time a ninja gets knocked onto a railing , and is sliding down it butt first . Naturally another ninja ends up keeping his chin right on the railing , for some wierd reason , and gets hit in the face by a butt . How about when the lady shoots out all the lights and sends ninjas after the three children , they are swinging in the dark , one falls off the scaffolding , is holding on by a hand , it 's dark right ? Well to summon up courage in the ninja the other one shows him a picture of their grandmaster guy , I thought it was just dark ? This movie is ... horrible ... , watch it and write everything that is wrong with it , what was the director thinking ? ...
 Believe the hype . This 4th installment is terrible . You know a movie is in trouble when the highlight of it is Jim Varney of Ernest fame.Premise
 I bought 4 dvd 's from the real wheels collection and was very disappointed . Lots of commentary and very little shots of things in action . Did not keep the attention of my preschooler -- or the adults watching with him .
 All I , and every other Godzilla fan , want is WIDESCREEN . Ive seen every Gzilla move made but seeing it in widescreen is like seeing it for the first time . Nice to see Rodan come out on DVD . Doesnt Sony have competent research people ? This is the second box set with Terror of MechaGzilla and still no widescreen . True fans like myself , and there are many , would pay double for widescreen . And one of my all time favorites , Godzilla vs MechaGodzilla , why wont they make the DVD ? Wake up people . Give us what we want . We will pay . TY
 Oh dear oh dear ... Japanese monster movies tend to get slagged off in the west and is it any wonder when they are usually so ineptly handled * by the west * like this boxed set.Sadly , most people have never seen Godzilla movies in their original letterboxed format and subtitled , in glorious `` Tohoscope '' colour -LRB- where applicable -RRB- . Instead they get dross like this DVD boxed set which loses stars for : -LRB- A -RRB- Really poor quality images -LRB- sratched and grainy -RRB- -LRB- B -RRB- Being panned and scanned -LRB- as oposed to letterboxed -RRB- -LRB- C -RRB- Risable dubbing and general poor quality audio -LRB- D -RRB- Some of the films are edited `` for content '' -LRB- Terror of Mechagodzilla for exmaple -RRB- . -LRB- E -RRB- Lack of DVD extras -LSB- ... -RSB- it get that for the packaging -LRB- excellent -RRB- , the fact that the Raymond Burr version of Godzilla is actually quite well done and the US vesion of Godzilla vs Mothra does include the Frontier Missile sequence not included in the Japanese version . Oh and actually having `` Rodan '' on DVD for the first time.But how much better if some care had been put into the movies . Instead this smacks of a cheapie , rushed release , the attitude of `` oh its just a Godzilla film , they 're all crap anyway , the Japanese make them like this on purpose '' . But this boxe set * only * if you really need to see some of the movies , no matter what the quality . If not , save your dosh for companies who have released Japanese films in a much more respectful way - support them and give shoddy garbage like this a miss .
 What can one say about The Ultimate Godzilla DVD Collection ? Several words come to mind , especially `` been there , saw that . '' At first glance Sony Music Entertainment 's Classic Media seemed to have done a good job . The box holding the 5 DVDs -LRB- Godzilla King of the Monsters , Godzilla vs. Mothra , Godzilla 's Revenge , Terror of MechaGodzilla and Rodan -RRB- is nicely done , with a holographic image of the first Godzilla taken from the promotional poster donning both sides of the case . In addition , the individual DVDs themselves are nicely packaged sporting what can honestly be said as the best artwork to ever grace the cover of a Godzilla video , both DVD or tape.The problem however , is when one opens the box and plays the individual DVDs themselves . The first hint that one notices there is something wrong is the absence of any booklets or additional information , the case containing only the DVD itself.Then there is the information stored on the DVDs . Unlike the Simitar DVDs , there are no extras , no trailers , no trivia questions , save for a promo for the new Nintendo Game Cube ; Godzilla
 Even if you are a die hard Godzilla fan , do n't waste your money on these DVDs . Print quality is poor . The widescreen films and cropped . The color is faded . The prints are scratched . Another opportunity wasted by a company that just did not give a damm about it 's product . And TOHO wonders why there is such an underground trading network in the high quality imports from Japan . With abominations like these , it 's no wonder .
 Part of me is really pleased that these classics are available on the market again -LRB- and Rodan on DVD for the first time ! -RRB- . And the box design is truly nice , the best that kaiju films have ever seen in the U.S.But Classic Media -LRB- and Toho , and Sony -RRB- should be ashamed of themselves for the really poor quality of the transfer itself . Others have written plenty here about it , and I could n't agree more . For the first time , I will actually be holding onto my VHS versions as the sound and image quality of some of my VHS is far better than what was presented here . Of course , what do we expect for -LSB- money -RSB- But I think many of us would * gladly * pay twice as much for just * one * of these movies presented with a clean image , widescreen if available , subtitled original available , and decent extras -LRB- well , maybe not for Godzilla 's Revenge ; - -RRB- I had really hoped for so much more , especially as these might preceed some release from Sony/CTHE of the more recent -LRB- and excellent -RRB- films `` Godzilla vs Megagairus '' and `` Godzilla | Mothra | King Ghidorah '' . But disasters like this set , the American GINO film , and the general treatment of Godzilla movies over the years leads me to believe that those who control this market just do n't care about the property , or those who love it.So I 'd like to see the set sell well so that Godzilla continues to get the exposure deserved , and perhaps to encourage the studios involved to provide us with better quality product ...
 I 've waited for years for someone to do the original Godzilla series justice but obviously I 'll have to wait longer . This is an unusual selection , probably due to copyright laws ; two of the most dismal episodes in the series , `` Terror of Mechagodzilla '' & `` Godzilla 's Revenge '' , make it into what is called the ` Ultimate Collection ' . Terrible transfers , video-quality sound and no widescreen presentations . It pains me that American distributors continue to treat these classic films as unworthy of serious attention . Anyone who has experienced the pure joy of `` Son of Godzilla '' , `` Godzilla vs. the Sea Monster '' , `` Godzilla vs. the Bionic Monster '' , `` Ghidrah the Tree-Headed Monster '' or `` Godzilla vs. the Smog Monster '' will share my disappointment in this DVD box set . I would love to get the entire series in widescreen and especially with the option to view the films as they appeared in the original Japanese as well as the English dubs . Special features ? I 'd even sacrifice those for a clean transfer and 5.1 surround sound . This is n't to suggest that this box set contains any special features , just the occasional trailer and the ubiquitous advertisement for a Godzilla-themed video game . What I would n't give for the chance to see `` Godzilla King of the Monsters '' in the original Japanese and without the Raymond Burr scenes ! Someday ...
 This box set is a complete waste . These versions are the reason giant monster movies get a bum rap . These are the same old tired versions that aired on tv . Anyone who has any of these movies on video , should just keep your videos and forget about it . All the companies out there who plan on making a fast buck with poor versions of movies , keep your crappy DVDs we do n't want them . It is about time that we get some quality versions of the older monster movies . In Japan you can get every film uncut and in widscreen ; why ca n't we be treated the same , is n't are money just as good . We are fans who love these films and want to enjoy the very best version that we can . In the future please think of the many fans out there . We will probably be the ones that buy 99 % of the movies and we know when we get cheated .
 I was seeking an objective documentary about crop circles . This is not it . This is a buddy-film . Peter Robbins , noted UFO researcher and author interviews Colin Andrews , noted crop circle researcher and author about conspiracies and cover-ups and personal mistakes made . Chatty interview , not very informative . The only real value in the DVD is the photo gallery located in the `` extras '' section .
 I have been seeking an objective documentary about the history of crop circles . This is a buddy video . Peter Robbins is a UFO author/researcher interviewing Colin Andrews on his experiences with crop circles . Lots of talk of cover-ups , conspiracies , mistakes made and the CIA . Not much worthwhile information in the DVD . Disappointing.In the `` extras '' section there are some interesting photos.This DVD is worth about $ 5.00
 This movie is an adaptation of a Japanese comic book . Miike has done this before quite well -LRB- e.g. Osaka tough guys and the brilliant Fudoh The Next Generation -RRB- . Unfortunately , this one fails as a movie because , unless one has read the comic book -LRB- I have n't -RRB- the story is going to make little sense and the over the top stuff that makes a comic book fun makes the movies feel plastic and unreal.The movie does have a lot of stuff that will appeal to the adolescent male , the target audience , the problem is that it should leave everyone else feeling a bit cold.I turned it off about midway through , just could n't sit through it , not worth the time . Not worth yours either , unless you are a male between the ages of nine and fifteen and/or a manga reader -LRB- about the same demographic -RRB- . Love the director , hated this movie .
 This movie is poorly written , produced and executed . Many of the cast members were out of their element and compensated by over acting . I was confused as to what the message and moral was ; and the story itself seemed to glorify the protagonist despite the use of bible scripture . The flow of conversations were comical at best ; it did n't seem realistic or believable . The movie failed to paint a picture and the plot has many inconsistencies . It is my opinion that more time and care should have been taking to perfect the story ; and more money to hire a professional camera and audio production crew . If Christians represent Christ , this movie is a gross misrepresentation of excellence across the board .
 This was a confusing picture . The way it was shot and the way the story was told had me watching 2 times to understand it . Only after I saw the deleted scenes , then I understood the movies . Some imformation was left out of the movie that should have been left in it . Then this would have been a great movie .
 Arthur Freed , the great producer of MGM musicals , must have been sick or on vacation during the filming of The Belle of New York . The terrible script , inferior music and lyrics should have sounded an alarm , but no one was there to here it . Only the dance numbers are worth anything . Everything else is beneath contempt . It 's hard to believe that Freed would allow its release . If ever a picture needed a fix , it was this dud . Alas , no one saved it . What a waste of Fred Astaire , Vera Ellen , Alice Pearce , Conrad Salinger and director Charles Walters .
 The Belle of New York was very disappointing to me.Considering the dancing talent involved , I would have thought this movie to be quite good . No way ! The songs are corny , the plot is second rate , and worst of all , Fred Astaire and Vera-Ellen just do n't fit in . It 's a waste of their dancing talent.The only thing I liked was the humor and that 's about it.Save your money and do n't buy it . I would recommend `` Three Little Words '' instead . Fred and Vera are great in that movie .
 I think the only reason this is given such high reviews is owing to the fact that it is such a great play . The performances here are frankly mediocre , and Wallace Shawn is just not that good in the role . Vanya is in the middle of a nervous breakdown and Shawn plays him tired and resigned . PLEASE see the BBC Chekhov collection with Kenny Jones as Vanya to see what this really could be . PLEASE . At least for an English version ; curiously , there is no Russian version of this anywhere on DVD .
 the casts are all good but i could n't stand the endless blah , blah , blah . maybe it 's good but i simply fail to find this bore-to-death movie the least interesting . if i were in the theatre , i might have to apologize to the other audience when i bailed out of the aisle in the middle of the big nowhere .
 Got DVD from library & I 'm so glad I did n't pay a penny for it . This DVD is the hardest DVD to navigate I 've ever seen ! Once you 're in a section you ca n't replay it or see where to go to the next step if you 've mastered the one you 've just seen EXCEPT to go all the way back ` Home ' which takes you out of the DVD completely so you have to remember what you just saw and hope you can chose the right area to go back if you want to watch it again or go on to the next part in the series.She DOES NOT tell you what kind of yarn to start with -LRB- very important because some yarns are much more forgiving ! Had to look that up online for free - again would 've been wasted $ if I 'd bought DVD ! -RRB- She DOES NOT explain what size hooks to buy -LRB- Approximately 16 different size hooks to choose from at the store . Got the info for free online as well and again the info should 've been in a beginners crochet DVD . -RRB- When I went to the demo part of the DVD it jumped right in to crocheting like you should already know how to do it ! Should n't she show you how to put the yarn on the hook , hold it or SOMETHING ??? Melissa crochets 90 miles an hour and there 's no way a beginner can keep up with this , know which section of the DVD they 're in , how all of the stitches go together ... . it 's a mess . If I would 've bought this DVD I would 've felt bad giving it away to charity it was so bad ! I took the DVD back to the library the next day . -LRB- Just for the record I can pick up on things when taught correctly
 What you are buying is just a dvd , not the starter kit that is shown on the costumer images ... and the one I bought never started playing , not even once .
 If I had known that this DVD was all I was going to get I would have purchased a used one . This DVD was supposed to have 4 different colors of yarn and instructions to crochet a project . That was one of the MAIN reasons I bought it new form Amazon . But all that came in the mail was the DVD . It is hard to crochet a project if you do n't have the supplies to do it with . Very Disappointed Indeed !!
 CONSDVD ORGANIZATION - The organization of the topics was very unorganized . There were too many topics to choose and when you would pick one , it would only last 20 seconds . So you would have to keep pushing the `` play '' button every 20 seconds , then click on the next topic.INSTRUCTORShe rushed through how to hold the yarn . I watched it several times , but she went at 90 mph so i never learned.CAMERA WORKIt seemed like a lot of vital moments were cut off . Like it would show the instructors hand with all the yarn placed on her finger instead of showing how she placed the yarn on her fingersLACK OF PROJECT LESSONSShe never showed all of the projects step by step , the wash cloth only had written instructions , it never showed her doing the project . It was really weird.I really wanted to learn to crochet , but this dvd was a huge disappointment . It is by no means a way for a beginner to learn . And if you are advanced , then theres no need for a dvd such as this . On a side not , the instructor was posing in awkward positions and she was very serious . It was not fun at all .
 I do not recommend this DVD and the reason is , &#34; I do n't know why this lady is going at the speed of light crocheting &#34; . Is she not suppose to be teaching us to crochet ? I watched 5 times her doing this square and she is going so fast that you ca n't see anything she is doing . She does at one point in the video say , &#34; I know it looks like I am going to fast but when you get more experienced with your crochet you will too . &#34; Hello , lady ! More experience is what we are trying to get too . So , after she flys through it with a blur she says , &#34; when you get too the point I am at press play and a crochet instruction for the square comes on the screen , duh ! You are going so fast that we will never get to the point of pressing play because you need to let us watch you crotchet . That is all I have for this DVD . I would give her no stars if I could . Next time you make a crotchet instructional dvd just remember it is too teach others whom has never touched a crotchet needle before that is why we ordered your intructional video and -LRB- slow down -RRB- .
 Honestly , this is probably the worst movie ever made . It is so bad that I bought it . Why buy the worst movie ever made ? Because it 's funny , that 's why . Not intentionally funny . Bad funny . Over-acting . Exaggerated gestures , intonations of voice , etc. make this one of those films that so bad you want to watch it more than once . I actually bought this years ago and watched it with a friend . To this day we occasionally look at one another and say , `` Can I have the pink ones Damon ? '' and `` Yeah stick him Frank ! `` If you enjoy the B genre and go into this expecting it to be terrible you 'll probably enjoy it as such - a terrible B movie with bad acting , stupid dialogue and a ridiculous plot . Call up some friends and force them to watch it with you . They will either hate you for it or you 'll bond over the absurdity.If you 're looking for a GOOD film that includes neo-Nazi skinheads might I suggest `` Romper Stomper '' . If you 're looking for a bad film then look no further , you 've found it !
 Man this film is funny . Chuck Conners must have been high on fumes when he participated in this excrementitious travesty . There is nothing that one normally equates with quality or enjoyment in this thing . Its portrayal of skins is laughably one-sided . They are merely ciphers with no recognizably human characteristics . The purpose of this is merely to portray skinheads as vermin needing extermination . This treatment fails to take into consideration the simple fact that many skins are quite admirable . They are n't psychopaths and do not commit random acts of murder . However one feels about a particular group 's perceived motivations and philosophy -- they still deserve to be portrayed objectively.For a film calling itself `` Skinheads '' , this one shows nothing of the skinhead community . It is rather misleading in that it suggests that one might learn something about skinheads and how they think . All we have are cliches that can be gleaned from a typical article about skinhead violence in any commercial tabloid . The purpose is to not only demonize these particular skins , but all individuals -LRB- White separatists , etc -RRB- who hold similar views.The movie merely tries to horrify its audience by making a cheap slasher picture with skinheads instead of a derranged idiot in a hockey mask . At least when Jason killed the couple for having sex , you got to catch them in flagrante delicto . These skins have no philosophy -- they are just mad killers . The lead skin spouts off cliches about loving Adolph Hitler and the survival of the fittest/strong -- but there is no indication that he possesses the capacity to articulate a justification for any of his beliefs . He certainly does n't express anything remotely coherent about Hitler and why he considers him to be so sexy . He 's merely a thug who is dressed up to be a skinhead . He 's completely distructive and utterly devoid of the instinct for self-preservation . He does n't care about his `` people '' any more than slugs care about `` Fraggle Rock '' . Strangely , the `` victims '' of the skins wrath are so utterly banal and worthless -- that one wishes them to be horribly transfigured into mounds of gibbering flesh . Instead , we get a lousy shootout , with Chuck Conners replacing his walker with a rifle . His gleeful sexism and hatred of Nazi `` scum '' make him your all-American hero for like five seconds . I know the director and producers were counting on those images of leather-armed C.C. to give this trainwreck some integrity . I thought his moronic macho posturing was the funniest thing in the whole damn movie . Really , I would give this thing 5 stars for its comedy value , but I do n't want to even incidentally praise this waste product for any reason .1 / 5 stars * only because it is so funny -LRB- and because I ca n't rate it any lower -RRB- *
 I really , really , really wanted to like this movie . Not only did it get great reviews , but it is set on a wooden square rigger . The golden age of sail ! There were all these stories about how Peter Weir did all this research to really get the authenticity . Wow ! I thought . Well , all that does n't amount to squat if you do n't have a story or characters that are interesting . And what about a cohesive timeline ? One day they are off the coast of brazil , then next in the cape , having the same conversation ! Who was it that died overboard when poor Crowe had to cut the mast off ? It took a few minutes to figure out what was happening every new scene . Those boats are pretty though ... Rent Horatio Hornblower instead .
 I am one of those people who prefers to read the book before I watch the film . It allows me to create my own imagery , instead of relying completely on the producer and director of the film.Having never read a Patrick O'Brien book , I went to the bookshop only to discover that The Far Side of the World is in the middle of a 16 book series . Undaunted , I read the first seven books before watching the film . I was completely captivated by the description , detail , and the relationship between Stephen Marturin and Jack Aubrey.To my utter horror , the film was a mongrelized , cobbled , disjointed retelling of a number of O'Brien 's books . As I watched the film I remembered a 10 second blurb from the fourth book followed directly by a one minute conversation from the second . Everything chopped up . Everything out of order.To make matters worse the film focuses almost entirely on grand battle scenes and chases . It does almost nothing to help people get a feeling for the conditions and relationships on a British man-o-war . Where is the wit found in the books ? Where are the interesting reltionships ? The person who cast Stephen Marturin clearly did not read the books . The fact that Stephen is in the intelligence business and became a ships surgeon to get around never seems to works its way into the story line.A cinematic spectacle perhaps , but not a great film . Save your money , and buy the books instead .
 This is Exactly like Moby Dick . only the difference is they are chasing after a ship and not a whale . hello , a big lacking in originality bit time.I was disappointed , like watching a movie for the second time.if you saw the most recent Moby Dick movie . Do n't rent this unless you want a repeat of the same old same old . .
 I have been an avid reader of the Aubrey-Maturin series.O ` Brian was a purist and developed intense , believable characters . This film , unfortunately disappoints . The inane mis-casting of Russell Crowe , with his innapropriate Aussie drawl , is the biggest flaw . He in now way portrays the original character , either in stature or speech.The same can be said for Maturin , who is the `` raison d'etre '' for most of the missions undertaken by H.M.S. Surprise . If one wishes to see the fullness of this crime , read the series.I was soooo dismayed to see this in the theaters . The entire emphasis seems to be on the visual aspects of this work , which standing on their own are creditable , although lacking in many ways to show the immensity of the seafarer 's world in Aubrey 's time . I can only pray , that like `` Mutiny on The Bounty '' , this great epoch will be revisited by artists with clearer intellect and vision . Sorry , but I can not recommend this juvenile epic in any regard .
 There 's nothing particularly * wrong * with Master and Commander , but there 's nothing particularly compelling about it either . For a movie that has received as much hype as this one , potential purchasers of the DVD should understand that they 'll get a sturdy sea warfare film that provides a bit of a diversion , but not much else . There are no surprises here , nothing to really pick out of the pleasant background that unspools as the film progresses . The characters are forced and hackneyed -- the little kid with grit , the secret pacifist warrior who also has his sensitive and artistic side . And technically the movie is quite competent , managing to do a convincing job of re-creating a period look . But there 's something about the way the actors work within that carefully crafted period look that undermines it , and once the viewer starts to focus on the fact that `` that 's Russell Crowe up there , '' the remainder of the film becomes an endurance contest . You know how they say good actors disappear into the character ? Crowe , who has been great before -LRB- e.g. . The Insider -RRB- and good before -LRB- Gladiator , A Beatiful Mind -RRB- simply has nowhere to go with this badly written character and inartfully written dialog.I personally suggest that people looking for more compelling sea adventures check out the amazing `` The Bounty '' with Messrs. Hopkins and Gibson squaring off , or Robert Shaw in `` Swashbuckler , '' or even Pirates of the Carribean . Even the sea scenes in `` Count of Monte Cristo '' with Jim Cavaziel work better . Heck , I 'd even suggest `` Cabin Boy . '' It 's not that this film is terrible , it 's just that there 's no particular reason to go out of one 's way to see it .
 This review is for those of you who already know this is a great movie with a great soundtrack ... but are considering upgrading from a DVD to this Blu Ray for an expected boost in video quality.Don ' t bother with this `` upgrade . '' The video quality of this blu ray is no better than my DVD -LRB- tested on a 60 inch plasma HDTV -RRB- . Very disappointing ...
 I ca n't believe the over the top reviews for this one . This would have been a great Sunday afternoon TV flick in the late 80s but nothing more . Lots of sailing , drinking and gore -LRB- not that there is anything wrong with that mind you -RRB- but there was just no compelling storyline arround it . This was painfully long to watch . Swimming lizzards and birds that wo n't fly , however fascinating , seemed to be odly out of place it was more like Gladiator meets the nature channel . It seemed to me that Russel said ` Hey , I like the Galapagos Islands and sailing , so lets do something there ' , I usually like his work , but that thing stunk .
 I RECEIVED A DEFECTIVE COPY OF THIS FILM FOR CHRISTMAS . WHAT A MISERABLE SURPRISE !
 This film is what I expected , a generic Hollywood style film . So , I wasnt suprised , but I was suprised by how many people love this film . It is disgustipating ! Crowe looks like a girlie with his gay pony tail , what a looser .
 brilliant special effects . worst . plot . ever . if you like huge circles with no conclusion AT ALL -LRB- it 's seriously a huge circular plot that sucks -RRB- and not being entertained -LRB- as well as the use of the `` periscope shot '' at least 28 times -RRB- , then this movie is for you . if you actually like good movies , then stay away from this .
 I thought this movie was very tedious . It had one decent battle scene at the beginning and a marginal battle scene at the end . Everything in the middle was uninteresting filler . They spent more time on the Galapagos islands then anywhere else looking at animal specimens that I could n't care less about . If I wanted that I 'd have watched Jaques Cousteau . I was expecting a movie about wooden naval ships , but those were more of a background scene in this movie . The character of the captain was also as shallow and see through as plastic wrap . All the other characters around him has to tell the audience how great the captain is because the captain character sure could n't demonstrate it on his own . The political correctness was also nauseating . Make better use of your time and money by checking out something else .
 This movie is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who has read the books on which it claims to have been based , or who knows anything about 18th-19th century naval warfare before ironclads .
 This film was perchance one of the worst I have ever had the displeasure of viewing . To begin with , the cinema at which I saw this film was filthy . Refuse and spilled drink were ubiquitous , rendering the floor sticky and thus completely abhorrent . The staff was terrible , and they all had a terrible attitude . Furthermore , the man who was selling the popcorn was a racist , and his relentless taunts will remain in my mind for the rest of my life . As for the film , it was quite enjoyable , and quite worthy of the Academy Award -LRB- TM -RRB- nomination it garnered . In summation , I would recommend this film to all those enjoy a film with a talented cast and wonderful direction ; just do n't see it at the Odeon in Leicester Square , London , UK , SW4 .
 Okay , okay I know there are fans of this movie that will want to make me walk the plank for this review ... BUT ... . I was unable to get interested in this movie in the least !!!!! I tried twice to sit down and watch this movie but each time my mind wandered to other things . The movie simply did not grab my interest or attention in the least.Naval battle ... . get drunk and eat ... naval battle ... get drunk and eat ... that got old real fast.I found myself grabbing magazines to read and other things to distract me while this movie played.The second time I turned to my wife and asked ... `` Do you mind if I stop this movie ? `` Her reply ... `` Go ahead . I 'm not watching it anyway . I fell asleep first time and this time I 'm doing needlepoint . This film is lame and boring . `` So we never made it past about 50 minutes before just giving in to pure boredom and the mental torture of dragging thru this bloated artsy-fartsy film.Great cinematography ... great costumes ... . great historical accuracy ... but if I want a documentary I 'll watch History Channel and actually enjoy a real history lesson ... . not Hollywood 's attempt at being cerebral or whatever .
 Let me make this quick and simple
 When I put the DVD into my lap top to play it yesterday , it would n't play ! All my computer was doing was trying to load it , thinking , making noise . I thought then that it was my lap top so I removed the DVD and tried another movie , which worked perfectly . I was very excited to get this movie and very disappointed at this outcome . : /
 Very poor copy . Too dark to see in many parts.No more DVDs from Amazon . I will buy thiselsewhere
 The DVD plays fine , but the case wo n't hold the disk in the center anymore because the plastic broke . The DVD does n't have deep scratches , but the light scratches on the surface make you wonder what happened to it .
 This movie is supposed to be based on Patrick O &#65533; Brian 's set of 20 books . The book `` Far Side of the World '' has the British ship pursue an American ship , not a French ship . So , why the switch ? In the 20 set collection , most of the naval battles are between America and the British around 1810-1815 . The books have very little to do with France.If this was purely a movie made up on the imagination of the people involved then I would say it is pretty good . But , honestly , can we allow the director/producer to distort a writer 's work ?
 I was extremely disapointed in this movie . It was soooooooo boring . It started off with a battle . Then it dragged on and on and ended in a battle . Plus , the ending was one of the worst I have ever seen .
 Okay , now , in all fairness to this movie , I did n't watch the entire thing . I could n't . I sat through the first several hours , and it was slow and tedious . I did n't care about any of the characters , and there was no action whatsoever . Five or six hours in , a pseudo-interesting thing happened involving a the cabin-boy , I think . That kept me watching for a while longer . But hour 10 , I gave up . I realized nothing exciting was ever going to happen ; and I 'd grown to loathe all of the characters . I 'd also grown a beard . It was looong.-SteveSteve5805@yahoo.comEdit
 This movie is just so utterly boring it 's not even funny.Why go further ?
 peter weir continues after all these years to make bad movies -- this one is more hollywood than most of his other mishaps-its not believable despite the other reviews here -- the first half almost sinks under the weight of garbled dialogue ----- its all salty aND BRINY and british -- AND OVERWRITTEN -- the action is all close ups of wood being exploded -- u dont have any feelings for these sailors -- one actor astands out -- the lad who assists the doctor and captain and gets to see his other young friend die in battle -- there are a few moments that are compelling - but not that compelling to make the voyage worth while -- the suicide -- almost poignant but not quite - because of the general failure of the movie to put us convincingly where the action is - its all pretense and with no real plot -- it adds up to much ado about very little -- in other better seafaring movies like the old moby dick -- or captains courageous -- you are there on board ship having these great adventures ! !!!! here its all second hand -- and you are always conscious yer watching something that was badly edited & unconvicingly shot -- this movie joins the ranks of the rest of the garbage that won awards last year -- the crappy mystic river - the unbearable sophomoric and moronic sophia coppalla nonsense - that hobbit idiocy - the oppressive and the depressing sand and fog -- all just more smoke and mirrors !!!!! dont waste yer time matey !!!!!
 The movie was poorly produced . The plot stinks and you have action at the beginning and end and not a lot in between . If you like naval warfare movies then maybe this is your thing but it is not something I will be adding to my DVD collection .
 all i have to say is anything you really want to see in this movie can be seen in the previews . thats how sad it was . my date and i both fell asleep . the first part is ok . from there its just downhill . not even rent worthy !
 Initially , I did not want to see this film , however , after seeing the trailer , I thought that there was enough action and adventure to keep the film interesting . I should have trusted my first instinct.As it turns out , all the action is in the first 10 minutes and the last 10 minutes . Unfortunately , the two hours in between is as boring and vapid as any movie since The English Patient . I would have left this movie had I not been with friends -LRB- none of whom enjoyed the film either -RRB- .
 This has got to be one of the most overrated and boring films of all time . I went in expecting a movie that would deliver a good story about a naval battle and the such . I left the theater feeling ripped off . The movie spends a painfully long amount of time on useless and irrelevant little stories about so called `` Life on the sea '' . This film should n't even be described as a Full length movie . It should be described as a very long documentary -LRB- read dull and slow -RRB- about naval life paired with a mini action short . The only thing that kept us from falling asleep during the film was the nicely done cinematography.IMO , do n't waste your time and money .
 this is a horrible poor excuse for an action/war movie . i 've only shut off 3 movies in my whole life without finishing them and this is one of them and i watch plenty of movies , i own over 400 dvds . the movie appears to be awesome from the previews , but this is a trick to get you to see it . after watching this for a little over an hour , i wanted to rip my hair out of my head because it was rediculously boring . i would give this negative stars if i could . russell crowe is an excellent actor , but hopefully he chooses better roles in the future after this one .
 This was the worst excuse for a movie ! A plot that really made no sense , this movie seemed to be made so that we could see how cute Russell Crowe looked in uniform and enjoy the battle scenes . While I love , and own , several of his other movies , I totally disliked this movie , and will probably not watch it again , let alone recommend it to others . It 's so bad , that I 'm sure Russell Crowe could not have actually READ the script before he agreed to do the film .
 The acting was a farce , as much as I like to look at Mr Crowe . He should have given this one a miss and let some one more capable take the helm
 If you just want to see how the people lived , joked and dressed during napoleonic times , it 's a good movie . If you want to watch an action movie , or a movie that has a line to follow and will keep you on the edge of your seat , look elsewhere . This is not the movie . It 's more documentary type than anything else . Not worth the money to rent it !
 This movie should not have gotten the credit that it did . it may have had good art direction and costume designs but that does not make a good movie . Master and Commander was filled with a boaring plot , very few and very dull battle sequences , and scene after scene at the dinner table that make doing bifunctional equations seem interesting . Watching this movie was probably the worst thing I have done all year , including cutting off my own legs and beating myself with them . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 What is it?It 's `` Moby Dick '' without the whale . And captain Ahab 's drugged.It 's `` Bounty '' without the rebellion.It 's `` Treasure Island '' without Long John Silver.It 's horrible . There 's this ship following another ship . In pauses between `` turn that way , Mr. . . '' , there are feeble attempts of characterisation , unless they 're busy painting the ship . Whatever worked in the three aforementioned movies , fails miserably . The worst thing is , it 's obviously there . I can buy that a great white whale is a demon from Hell , but a demon taking a form of a technically more advanced French ship ? Meh.It 's surgicaly devoid of charm , humour and anything resembling amusement . A few gross scenes that are potentially captvating , but by the time you get there , you do n't care . A few scenes that should be moving fail 'cause you ca n't quite remember whi IS that guy who just died , really ... Actors ? Horrible . Absolutely horrible . Then again they have nothing to do , they ca n't DO any better . If they cast Anthony Hopkins , Sean Connery , Brad Pitt and Alan Rickman , they 'd look just as bad.Special effects and stuff ? OK , that 's well done . And the claustrophobics of the ship on the huge ocean is captured marvellously . Then again , after ages of chasing around , you expect at LEAST a spectacular finale . Unfortunatly , there IS none.It 's a horrible movie . Do n't buy it . Do n't even rent it . Do n't bother . If you MUST see a movie about the sea and the old ships and stuff , get the movies I mentioned above .
 Master and commander , well Russel was nominated for his acting , all the reviews said how good it was , I think they must have shown it at the morgue as it was DEAD boring ... . I had a flight to take and great the movie was Master and Commander . So with great anticipation I sat down to enjoy this raved about movie . I have never known a 3 hour flight to last for 6 and a half hours , well that 's how long it seemed to take for this movie to finish . I had to go to the WC half way through the movie , even without sound it looked boring . Down the back of the plane were the air crew , each with their own portable DVD players watching other movies . . I wonder why ??? The most boring dead beat story to come to the big screen in the past 10 years ... . Do n't waste your money !!!!!!!
 I was looking forward to Russell Crowes performance but this movie did him no justice . What should have tipped me off was the assanine box cover , however I was duped by the clever reviews mentioned thereon . Do not be mislead , this movie is as bad as the art work on the cover . Boring to the point of tears and fatigue I was literally exhausted after watching this movie and had to receive shock treatments to revive my will to live . Do yourselves a favor and stick to `` The Gladiator '' .
 I am among the biggest Russell Crowe fans on the planet , and we had to wait months since `` A Beautiful Mind '' for another RC movie to come out . I thought , Great ! He 's in another action/adventure story , the stuff he was created to do.How disappointed I was with `` Master & Commander . '' First of all , like another reviewer said , it was extremely hard to understand what the characters were saying . Also I had read a Roger Ebert review and he said this movie was reminiscent of Jaws-where , like the shark , the murderous French ship was stalking Capt. Aubrey 's ship and you never saw it , but you knew it was out there . Was supposed to be suspensful I guess , but it was n't . The story was so tepid that it was almost a Discovery documentary on how to take care of and sail a big ship . I could n't get into the story and the characters were boring . Two little old ladies sitting behind me said , `` This is the best part of this movie '' when the characters laid over on the Gallapagos Islands . The sound effects were tremendously too loud and I saw numerous other theatre-goers covering their ears . This movie was certainly not worth losing your hearing over ! When they were n't fighting , Russell Crowe or not , I fell asleep . This is definitely a guy movie , lots of fighting , blood and guts . Can not recommend . And the box-office results are showing this .
 The film itself is very well made and pleasing to watch . Buy it today , by all means.My extreme distaste is to the fact that in the book this is based on , the British actually fight -LRB- and beat -RRB- an American ship in the war of 1812 -LRB- which the poor Brits had to fight at the same time as the Napoleonic war -RRB- . What 's the matter with you Americans ? Ca n't you stand to see a little defeat on the big screen with some great historics to go with it ? You won the damn war in the end , anyway ! In most historical films the British are portrayed as evil and tyrannical -LRB- Braveheart , The Patriot -RRB- , or else just bumbling , and ultra-posh . What a load of Hollywood Hogwash ! It 's like in `` The Last Samurai '' , where you just have to have some American heroe gloating over victory.Free your minds people ! -LRB- Take no offence , please . I think Americans are great ! -RRB-
 I was hoping for a lot from this movie and it let me down on all counts . Theres no plot even though it covers several of the books . My father who read the whole series and has never disliked a movie in my memory said he got he best use of his $ 8 by walking out of the theater an hour in . Those who has read the books will appreciate a few glipses of favorite character but thats all you get . I love Russle Crow but he didnt get much of a chance to act , mainly because there absolutely NO PLOT . However , it is very beautiful , if you enjoy amazing shots of tall ships and ocean watch this movie , thats all there is in it . For me amazing shots of ships in a storm get a little old after an hour , but it just keeps going on , and on and on ...
 I have to include myself in the `` not impressed '' minority here , simply because any story or depth is lacking . The movie is well made , no one doubts that , and it looks incredible . There are moving scenes , and most of those involve either the little blonde haired kid -LRB- you either feel sorry for him , or think he 's uber-courageous -RRB- , or the doctor of the ship feeling sorry for himself because he ca n't study the islands . The movie tries hard to have `` depth '' by adding these side stories of the Galapagos islands rest-stop , the `` sensitive '' doctor , and the `` wow , those are little kids in the midst of battle ! '' But these portions are n't explored enough to really add much flavor to story that 's basically about a ship trying to engage in battle with another ship . French ship blasts English ship , English ship limps away and hides , English ship recovers , English ship searches French ship for revenge . The rest , the human story , is just garnish . It was like drinking sugar water . No nutrition here at all . However , they do try hard to add a sense of atmosphere and history . Which works . For awhile . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 After waiting , purchasing , and watching this movie I have no idea why it was granted the accolades it was . Peter Weir is a very good director but has little to work with as Crowe goes beyond character and tries to utter failure to not be a part of the movie but be the movie itself.In Weir movies often the landscape becomes a character in and of itself - think for instance of Picnic at Hanging Rock . However here he loses this advantage and opportunity . I know that the Hollywood money men make decisions to formula but keeping Weir from creating the landscape character of the ship and sea is really inexcusable.A universally poor cast and script lead this film into the depths of mediocrity which is such a shame .
 This was a very boring movie , there was n't much to keep you on the edge of your seat or to just keep you entertained . Russell Crowe saved this movie from me giving it 1 star . He is definetly one of the best actors out there and should get better movies to showcase his talent in . Without him this movie would have been even worse than it actually was . If you want to see a good ship movie check out Pirates of the Carribean . That is a very entertaining movie and I look forward to the second one . I very much hope there are n't any sequels to Master and Commander .
 Great books often lose in translation , and this is no exception . I felt that Peter Weir took several volumes of O'Brian 's incredible opus , cut them to pieces , shook 'em in a basket , then pulled out random bits and duct-taped them together . I do n't see why . Even one book could have been filmed as a miniseries.Crowe , Bettany , et al did their best , I 'm sure . Killick was perfect . The shipboard details were superb . Maturin 's little office looked much like the one on the Victory . The look and sound were superb , but the plot had no shape or direction.Trying to shove book 1 & book 10 together was as graceful as a front-end collision . Taking chunks of story from different decades and mixing them like hash made for some really stupid bits . Maturin would n't have been complaining about someone getting flogged for shoving an officer -- not after he 'd been aboard for several years . Likewise the old salt explaining to the youngster the difference between a pirate and a privateer . This kid 's been on board for months -- that would have been explained long since . It was in character but out of sync -- as Gene Roddenberry once said , it would be like Joe Friday explaining how a pistol works.There were breathtaking scenes
 `` Master and Commander - The Far Side of the World '' is a great movie . However , I received a defective DVD which made the middle third of the movie unviewable . When looking at the readable side of the DVD after the movie froze part way through chapter 13 , I could clearly see the defective area . It looked as though someone had spilled a bit of acid on that part of the DVD.Amazon.com 's website instructed me to go to the manufacturer for replacement of manufacturer defects.The manufacturer , 20th Centry Fox , provided me with return instructions and I shipped the DVD and information to them on Oct. 30th 2006 . I paid for the return shipping , and presumable there will be no other charges to get the replacement DVD.It is now Nov. 11th and I am still waiting for my replacement DVD .
 This is a movie that threw away all the potential it had to be at least better than average . We are introduced to Captain Aubrey and his crew , who are chasing down a French ship and constantly being thwarted . And that 's it . By about halfway through the movie , one wonders when this chase will get interesting , or if it will harken back to the good old days of pirate movies , ala Errol Flynn . It does neither . The characters are so bland that the names are even hard to recall.The movie 's one redeeming quality , and why I gave it two stars instead of one , was the historical accuracy involved . We get a glimpse into the past that is neither overblown or trite . However , even a documentary needs interesting commentary .
 First of all , I will get my bias out of the way and say I have n't seen that many `` sea '' movies that I have liked . So when I saw this one , and came to realize that it is more about the relationship of two characters , Russel Crowe -LRB- Captain -RRB- and Paul Bettany -LRB- ship 's surgeon , -RRB- then I realized I just did not like it . Now this one is n't a creative mental movie like Crowe 's earlier part was in A Beautiful Mind , and it lacked the action in Gladiator . Those aspects gave the other movies the acclaim that they received . This one however leaves fighting as a tie-in to all the events going on in their busy personal lives , raise sail here , swab deck there . Give it a chance ; because open-minded is better than close-minded , still I felt personally disappointed by the movie more than anything .
 Yes , yes , yes ! Marvelous period detail , accurate to the nth degree of infinite boredom . Weir does SUCH a fine job of fitting in so much unnecessary -LRB- but , gee , it 's so realistic ! -RRB- detail that he forgot to add a plot . The flimsy storyline about one tiny ship chasing a bigger one really begins to wear thin once one realizes we 're dealing with `` Lucky '' Jack Aubrey . No Nelson he , not even a Hornblower . His guile strikes the viewer as labored and obvious -- not that Crowe does not do a good job at acting the part . He presents Aubrey in all his luck , his vulgarity , and rather simplemindedness . But after picking out all the fine details and admiring them , I was still left waiting for a grand denouement that never happened with a hero who 's less than inspiring . The minor characters are just that , and the subplots are vapid and make the movie longer than it needs to be . This is not the naval action movie that is going to make a believer out of me . And one more thing - nice music but it did n't match the action . That was very jarring in some places .
 Great movie if you are a single male , in your 50s , and own a boat . Otherwise , paint drying is more exciting . Dull , dull , dull.I think the Patrick O'Brian 's estate should sue . His books are lively , humourous , exciting and , well , had a story . Not this movie . `` No women allowed '' should be on the cover of this DVD . My girlfriend was so bored that I am condemned to three `` chick flicks '' for picking this stinker . Thanks Master and Commander .
 My goodness ! I 'm still asleep after watching this movie ! If you 're having trouble sleeping , try this snooze fest . It 'll knock you right out . I almost fell asleep several times in the theater . It was hard to get into the movie and difficult to understand a word they 're saying with that accent ! So basically the whole thing was confusing and it lost my interest . I could n't wait until it was over . The beginning battle scene was exciting ... then the movie went downhill from there . I got tired of seeing the same things over and over again , sailing , more sailing , feasting , and mumbling words . Not sure why critics rave about it so much . Just warning people out there not to waste money on this dull dud .
 This movie is boring . There 's nothing here that I like . I know people like it because of the pyschology and the emotion depicited in the film . Somehow , it does not appeal to me .
 Wow ! Am I ever happy I did not spend 10 bucks to see this in the theater . It is possibly the most boring movie I have ever seen . Granted , I am not particularly interested in this genre , but even my boyfriend , who was all hyped up to see this , was bored senseless .
 This DVD was damaged and I was not able to view it . It was returned and picked up on 1.4.10 and I have not yet received a credit for it . Please let me know how to proceed and receive my credit so I can purchse another DVD . I was very excited about viewing it and would still like the opty to do so . Thank you .
 I ordered this BluRay from Germany , but unfortunately it wo n't work n my BD Player -LRB- PS3 -RRB- because it proteced with a stupid region Code.Now what sense does it make to protect BluRays that are also available in Europe and partially older releases?Well , be advised european customers , DO NOT buy this BD unless your player can handle it -LRB- there is only very few -RRB- ...
 CThe biggest problem with this movie is `` Crowe '' he can not act ! The story is a little far fetched and not believable .
 This movie is an insult to the author and the casting stinks ... a hobbit for Coxswain , just WRONG ! Either do the series , or do n't ... do n't mash several books together and ruin it all .
 The novels written by Frank Tilsley and Frederick Marryat are much better . They are more realistic and have more substance . The novel written by Frank Tilsley was turned into a movie and Frederick marryat 's should be .
 Sorry fellas I got ta keep it real . This film is so incredibly boring it almost put me to sleep . -LRB- Like a sweet rocka bye-baby melody -RRB- Theres like zero action and like 2 scene changes , the ship and the little rock island . The one battle scene is a joke too . This is just a horrible attempt . I even had a hard time understanding the dialog . My mistake is that I bought it before I watched it , I wanted to like this movie so bad and I had high expectations for it . Thank God I was able to unload my copy for 6 bucks , I just wish I could have the time I wasted watching it back . I 'd give it a quarter of a star if I could . Horrible ! Too much talking and playing violins -LRB- Hee Haw !!! -RRB- This one sucks bad ... Real Bad !!
 This movie got out of the gate rather quickly which I was very happy about . It 's important for a film to grab the viewer or at least set a few things up to spark interest . The first 20 minutes did just that . BUT ... . the next 1 hour plus just dragged and dragged with nothing happening of any importance and this is where the movie spun its wheels really badly . It wasnt sure what to do with itself and just plodded along with some meaningless side-stories and situations . I started yawning at one point just hoping that the early excitement came out again . It barely did . One interesting but too short battle sequence late and then it just fizzled off and was over.Russell Crow 's character was pretty cool but I was n't rooting for the guy or anything . Most of the other shipmen were throw aways ... . noone stood out or made anything of themselves . Too bad.The battle scenes and camera work were solid and the sound of the cannons was awesome . But , there was not enough action and too much dilly-dallyin ' around . Ultimately , this movie is boring and will help you sleep if you 're having trouble . The good reviews here at Amazon must be coming from large boat owners/hobbyists or ex-navy members because the general public will be squirming in their seat waiting for it to be over.The movie is 2 hours and 18 minutes long and about a half hour of it actually has anything happening . The rest is blah.NOT recommended !
 even at a discounted price of 28 dollars - it feels like an enormous jip by Fox to assume blu-ray buyers would fork out that much for SO LITTLE - for the film ... fine ... but for so few supplements - that 's highway robbery . Shame on you Fox , shame ! ` Predator ' was mentioned , but ` Commando ' was omitted as being another lame attempt by Fox , ` Master and Commander ' continues the trend .
 About as much fun as playing with your toy boats in the bathtub . These 19th Century British military seamen seem better suited for Never-Never Land and a bottle of rum , given their ridiculous offensive war strategies of disguising the ship and building dummy ships to fool the enemy . I 've had better ideas in ` Stratego ' . There 's a flogging , a tormented officer , an amputation , sentimental characters getting killed , and a good-hearted commander who will stop at nothing to destroy his Napoleonic archenemy . The only thing missing is a great white whale to smash the whole thing to smithereens . Given the current state of seafaring movies , if this were a ride at Disneyland , it would be the safe , innocuous Dumbo elephant ride .
 My husband and I bought this and eagerly sat down to enjoy it . We found the noise level in the movie coupled with the heavy British accents made it impossible to understand what they were saying . We are not old or hard of hearing , either ! This definitely detracted from our enjoyment to the point that we were glad when it finally ended . The cinematography is exceptional . The story was hard to follow -LRB- mostly because we could n't understand the dialog -RRB- . If there had been subtitles it would have helped ! Maybe we are the only people reviewing this who had this problem , but I am reporting honestly our reaction .
 I was hoping to sea an epic , sea adventure with loads of realistic violence . Instead , I got A freakin ' 2 and a half hour long boring movie . The only action was at the beginning , and the end . The movie is a failed effort . WARNING
 I 've never read any of the Weir novels which this movie is purportedly written around . My wife was actually the one who wanted to see this , she says largely because of the its great reviews . I think it had more to do with the birds -LRB- Crowes in particular -RRB- . That said , she agreed to leaving about an hour and a half into the film because it just was n't working for us.The film begins , and I assume ends , on a boat . I 'm not sure anyone ever steps foot on dry land . Sure , there is action , suspense , the guy everyone is rooting for but whom you 're sure will get killed somewhere along the way , but somewhere along the line they forget to `` insert plot here . `` The problem with the movie is that the lulls between action scenes are terribly long . And the `` Master and Commander '' as played by Russell Crowe is supposed to be some hotshot military tactician , but even I raised an eyebrow when , in the middle of a fogbank while looking for the enemy ship , he 's ringing bells on his boat . I mean seriously . The last thing you do on open water is make noise if you 're trying to hide . There were several scenes like this . Another is where the `` phantom '' enemy ship sneaks up on Crowe 's crew yet again and Crowe is incredulous . My thoughts , `` Well Russell my boy , every time you and your crew are below deck getting drunk , the phantom captain hits you out of the blue . `` So either the books are poorly written , or I 'm way more knowledgeable about military tactics than I think I am , or sea captains were just stupid . Either way , the film was a terrible bore with no discernible plot other than chasing down another boat . That 's it . Enjoy !
 As a long-time fan of both O'Brian and Forester , I looked forward very eagerly to this movie . On seeing it , I certainly enjoyed the connection to the characters from O'Brian , but waited to write this review . Now having watched the DVD a couple of times , I know what bothers me about the movie
 I like Russell Crowe as an actor a lot . I 've admired many of Peter Weir 's previous movies . I like action adventure movies . I love war stories . I love history . And so I anticipated that I would really like this movie `` Master and Commander '' and instead ... what a disappointment it turned out to be ! What happened?The cinematography and the authenticity of shipboard life and naval warfare in the age of tall ships is terrific . Kudos . But that 's about it for this movie , and just about everything else fell flat for me with this movie.Russell Crowe plays perhaps the most cardboard cutout character of his career in this movie , the rather unsympathetic , ego-driven war-crazed Jack Aubry . Crowe 's best roles have always been these flawed but ultimately honorable , heroic figures . Not so here with Jack Aubry . It did n't help that Crowe inflated himself again to the size of the Pillsbury Doughboy in order to play this role -LRB- yes , I know that the novelized Aubry was that size , but still , a fat guy at the helm of a tall ship just does n't look terribly heroic -RRB- . Perhaps in a different era , Aubry 's determined drive to risk the lives of his men in order to seek out , engage , and defeat the enemy of his king would have appeared heroic . In the context of our current world , post-Vietnam , and now mired in Iraq , one can only think that this guy was an idiot for taking on unnecessary risks and for throwing away the lives of his men.For that is the one thing that this movie , in its drive for realism , does show . At the end , a number of the characters that we have become thoroughly acquainted with during the movie get killed in the final battle with the French ship Acheron . And I could n't but help think , was this supposed to be heroic ? Just what did Aubry gain from all of this death ? A promotion?As for the rest of the movie , well , others have mentioned already the problems with the plot . This was n't just a minor problem . There were gigantic holes in the plotline . The lack of a coherent plot just made Aubry 's meandering determination to attack the French ship look even more senseless and ridiculous.So here 's the plot in a nutshell , see if you can spot the holes
 I had high hopes of this movie after seeing and hearing all the great reviews that this movie has recieved upon it 's release and was so excited to see how it turned out . Sadly , I have to say that this movie completely fell short on all fronts of what I was expecting.The movie is about the tale of Sailor Stephen Mataurin as he sails out to sea too see the wonders and strangeness of the richness of the lands on the ` far side ' of the world while the Napeleonic Wars rage on in France.The good points which are rather sparse are good . The various shots of the oceans and the ships sailing are absolutely beautiful and spellbinding . The landscapes are also stunning as well . The various battle scenes are intense and bring out the graphic nature of what real life Pirate battles were really like and the sad results of war throughout the ages . The action scenes though only amount up to maybe ten or fifteen minutes of the movie . That 's pretty much it for what 's really enjoyable about this movie.The good points though are negated by the excessively slow pace of this movie . It drags and drags on that one ca n't help but feel tested at his or her ability to maintain interest in a slow movie for over two hours . The movie also felt like it was all thrown together into just a hodgepodge of fighting scenes and disgusting surgical acts too . While it does bring to light how awful surgery was at the time , it sure was rather hard to stomach at times . Everything just seems to not hold together for very long and by the time the movie ended , I was just utterly dumbstruck and was like `` What the H was that ?! `` While far from being a one star film , `` Master and Commander '' really could have been one of the greatest films this year but due to it 's molassas pace , and the lack of good dialogue , this really turned out to be a rather dull and dissapointing movie .
 I recenntly bought the above DVD . But can not play it on my DVD player it says `` Wrong Region Disc '' I would like to return the DVD , unfotunately I have discarded the package . Could you please advise me further ? I want to mention that I have always had very good and prompt service.ThanksHarry Shaw
 A British warship in the Pacific is taken by surprise and pounded hard by a bigger , faster , better designed and better armed French warship during the Napoleonic wars.Nevertheless , the British give chase and we kinda know they will prevail because they are ... blond.This is confirmed by the few scenes where you actually get to see some Frenchmen . They are shaggy , dirty , grim , and , unfortunately for them , not blond.So everything makes sense.Entertaining , mostly of you are blond and not French .
 England is at war with France . Russell Crowe plays a sea captain chasing after an American-made French ship . Not throughout the entire movie was I made to feel like I had to chase the ship too . I never felt the obsession on the level I was intended to . First it was a Moby Dick movie , then it was something else , then back to Moby Dick again . I took a break 1/3 of the way through to come back in to one of the crew jumping off the ship to commit suicide . I would have jumped too if I were in this movie.If you like cinematography , it was absolutely gorgeous . But you might want to wait to rent . There are far too many other good movies releasing this time of year to see instead .
 When I saw the previews of the movie , I expected to see action and adventure . This movie was boring and I found myself wanting to leave the theater . The beginning of the movie started of strong , but as the movie wore on , it began to lose its momentum . If you want to get an historical perspective on how it was to live at sea back then , then this movie is an A + , if you want action and adventure get The Last Samurai .
 I was really looking forward to seeing this movie & I 'm sad to say that I was very disappointed . I was expecting there to be tons of action but there was n't hardly any . My husband who usually really enjoys these types of movies commented that the movie needed some more action . I was so bored & confused . The talk was boring & different . When people got hurt or died I did n't even know who the person was because you did n't get a chance to see & even when they would mention a name I 'd already heard so many names that I just forgot who was who . I did n't laugh one time in this movie & I felt like the movie ended with so many questions still unanswered . I do n't know if it was left open for a part 2 but I just did n't get the ending . In my opinion the movie could 've been so much better & I do n't really recommend it to anybody unless they are really into the ship battles in history .
 what a lopsided battle at the end . The master and commander himself , charging lead through a barrage of longbarreled shooters is able to stab and hack through all the Gauls with swords themselves - and kill every one of them ! no backstabs since the little kids are handling the others with their sidearms and scabbards . Yep the english boys cant miss!the final score is britain - 20 dead france 100000000 dead . Well thats about all i noticed of the movie since the other two hours of it I was kinda zoned out due to noninterest .
 As notes in a previous review , why would you spend premium dollars for a 1-Disc stripped down release when the Widescreen Collector 's Edition is still available . Does Fox think the general public will just buy it because it is on Blu-Ray ? Shame on you Fox!Save your money , but if you like the movie as much as I did , buy the Widescreen Collector 's Edition .
 The movie has no more plot than a cat and mouse sequence that never ends . In the parts where I wished the movie would slow down , it went too fast . In the parts where I wished the movie would speed up , it went too slow.If you 're looking for an intellectually stimulating film , steer clear of Master and Commander . It 's a cat and mouse chase that lacks creativity . I thought the chase scenes in the Matrix were long , but compared to Master and Commander , Matrix 's sequences are short and deep . Master and Commander is only a thriller , there is nothing epic about it .
 I have to confess I never believed the hype for this movie . I was n't looking forward to three hours of sailors sailing it up on a boat . If that was the only problem I had with it though , I wonuld n't be quite fired up enough to write about it.What I was disappointed about was how incredibly cliched the movie is . The writing was more appropriate to a period peice from the silent movie era than a current film . And it has every stock character from a naval movie ever . The weak officer , the near mutiny , the enemy ship who always appears like a ghost , the superstitous old sailor , etc. , etc. . The dialogue was as wooden as the dialogue in Star Wars Phantom Menace and rarely gave Russell Crowe a chance to demonstrate his talent.It gets two stars for being SO formulaic . At least all of the completely predictable events were there , enough to give all of the hack critics out there a woody . If it had tried to be A LITTLE creative and failed , it would have dropped to one star for me . I 'm sure those who read the book will be happy with it , but why you would want to pay eight bucks for something with no new fresh life is beyond me.There 's a reason this movie got beat out by Elf in it 's debut week -LRB- despite the fact that Elf had already been out a week -RRB- . It is totaly tedious .
 At one moment , this movie seems to be about a ship of war attempting to complete a mission . At another moment , it seems to be an `` expose '' of life on an 18th century vessel . At yet another moment , it seems to be a pretentious moral investigation into the balance of military vs. scientific priorities . Unfortunately , from trying to be so many things it never succeeds in fulfilling any one of them . Nor do the characters give us particularly much to care about them . The end result is a definitely underwhelming impact leaving one wondering why this film was made in the first place .
 First , are we supposed to be fooled that Russell Crowe 's Australian accent was British ? The only reason I 'm giving this film two stars instead of one was because of the art direction and costumes . As for the rest , I 've seen better on the History Channel . Lucky Jack 's obsession parallels , Captain Ahab from Moby Dick , but less interesting . I wanted to like this film , but it just did n't engage me . Surprising enough , it probably would 've been a pretty good book . Nah . Overall
 Soundtrack was great ; deep , rich bass and very active surround channels . Visually , the movie was average . The plot was slow moving , repetitive , and essentially anti-climatic . I watched it once then sold it to break even . Rent the movie first .
 Well , this was a shock
 I 've really tried to like this movie . In watching it on blu-ray after watching it on DVD , I can truly say that the blu-ray quality is really quite good , with a few poor shots from the original film intact , and the sound is great . I have several major problems with the movie , all of which I think seriously detract from its quality . First , the story line really drags on , and the relationship between the French and British combatants is not really developed to the extent that it deserves , as the movie focuses more on the personal relationship of the commander -LRB- R. Crowe -RRB- and the ship 's doctor/naturalist . There are a lot of minor side plots going on , like suicidal depression , and an inordinate number of surgeries . The time scale of the pursuit around Cape Horn , like most events in this film , is lost on the viewer . After a while , the consistently upbeat attitude of the commander is almost maniacal ! Then there is the ununatural but substantial natural history - an unusually large part of this film , as the ship 's doctor is portrayed in a Darwinesque fashion , in the Galapagos . The first strange episode involves the identification of meal worm -LRB- Tenebrionidae -RRB- larvae as `` weevils , '' part of a pun by the commander , but clearly demonstrating the ineptness of his naturalist friend . This gets worse on the Galapagos , particularly where impossible telescopic views of remote animals are depicted , and the naturalist releases a captured lot of common green iguanas -LRB- Iguana iguana -RRB- , a species that does not occur in the Galapagos Islands . At least in Gladiator Ridley Scott -LRB- whose work I greatly respect -RRB- used a European Robin . Imagine your reaction if he used an American Robin in a Roman battle scene ! Terrence Mallick , in The Thin Red Line , and in The New World , has also focused on natural history , but takes care to accurately depict the local flora and fauna -LRB- more than anyone -RRB- . Given the emphasis on Natural History in this film , and its obvious cost , care should definitely have been taken in this area . It 's either sloppy movie-making , or distain for natural history .
 I kept waiting for this movie to get going and it never did . Just no tension at all . I guess I 'm spoiled by the Horatio Hornblower series , which is much more exciting and a better tutorial of ship life in those days -LRB- Master and Commander got a lot wrong , but like Russell said , `` If you watch movies to learn history , you are wrong , Mate ! '' -RRB- . There are 8 Hornblower espisodes -LRB- A&E -RRB- I know of and I have 6 of those in a boxed set . I presume you can order the other two on DVD , which are the most recent . All are feature-length , so in all , you get almost 16 hours at sea.Russell Crowe , whom I love , really did seem fat and slow , which is what all the previews showed but I blindly ignored . At least * rent * it first . Do n't buy it without seeing it like I did .
 One measure is what I draw from a movie . For the life of me , I can remember little but Crow hanging from the riggings , powder smoke , some island research and wine drinking . That 's it . No catchy phrases , no memorable scenes . Nothing.Its been probably eighteen months since I viewed the film . At the time I thought is was a bit dull . I served in the modern submarine navy and I think a film about the sub during even my time on board would have proven more interesting.Good production value , though .
 Yes they both have the costumes , the floggings , the weevils crawling from the biscuits and of course the swashbuckling action but what separates them is the sense of believability and attachment to the characters that Master and Commander never comes close to . I also found the script awkward and unbelievable and the pedestrian plot is an afterthought . The new Horatio Hornblower series is a much better take on this exciting era and it captures the sense of adventure and romance on the deep seas that makes it linger in your memory while Master and Commander has long faded away .
 I purchased this DVD based on all of the hype surrounding the movie and of course Russell Crowe acting in a period piece . After watching this movie I wish I would have saved the purchase for a box of popcorn and a matinee discount.Even Russell Crowe did n't pull in this movie for me despite being a great actor . He is convincing as Captain Aubrey but instead of acting and emoting he does more posing than anything else . Maybe it 's because the movie itself had absolutely no storyline to connect the viewers to the individual characters . The sea is beautiful , the Galapagos adventure amazing , the period pieces and ship detail as accurate as I could imagine , but there just is no plot . Two boats travel about a restless ocean trying to anniliate one another over political control , so what ! I even rooted for the French in the end because their Captain at least attempted to help an injured Brit while Russell Crowe was busy posing and demanding the loudness of cannons for interest . I was ready to de-board and take in a documentary on the Galapagos Islands , the only really interesting aspect of this film .
 Worst Russell Crowe movie I ever saw and I really like Russell Crowe . He did not really have a lot of lines to say . The movie was very boring in my opinion .
 Having read some of the books , I was really excited to watch this movie . It just never could get going . There was so much dealing with the boat that the plot line never progressed , and had I not read the book , I would n't have known what was going on . I did n't even finish the movie , so maybe it got better after the first hour , but I 'll never know .
 First of all , I will get my bias out of the way and say I have n't seen that many `` sea '' movies that I have liked . So when I saw this one , and came to realize that it is more about the relationship of two characters , Russel Crowe -LRB- Captain -RRB- and Paul Bettany -LRB- ship 's surgeon , -RRB- then I realized I just did not like it . Now this one is n't a creative mental movie like Crowe 's earlier part was in A Beautiful Mind , and it lacked the action in Gladiator . Those aspects gave the other movies the acclaim that they received . This one however leaves fighting as a tie-in to all the events going on in their busy personal lives , raise sail here , swab deck there . Give it a chance ; because open-minded is better than close-minded , still I felt personally disappointed by the movie more than anything .
 my husband got himself all set up for a peaceful aftenoon viewing , this was short lived as DVD announced could only be played in ` A ' zone .
 I walked out of this film with nothing , no sense of exhilaration -LRB- like one gets with good action sequences -RRB- , no warmth , as with a great story that you just learned about , there were some good visuals , and the audio was strong -LRB- you felt a chill from the rain and wind from THX -RRB- - but that was by far the highlight.I laugh when I read the reviews from Big Name reviewers that say such great things about this film . I guess politics in Film reviewing is no different than any other politics - people will say what they need to when the perks / or $ is good enough . -LRB- Hell , if our President is doing it - why should n't a movie reviewer -RRB- .
 I rented this movie for my son . What a snoooooze fest . There was no theme , no plot . Just sailing about . There were no characters to root for , no story to follow . I ended up picking up a book . The battle did n't make sence because they never addressed the issue of why ? Then the battle was over as was the movie and I was left with ... WHY ??? The only mildy interesting thing was that the young officers were school aged boys without hope of sprouting facial hair anytime soon . That one of these boys underwent a dramatic and maiming event and walked away ... was the only riviting tale . It would have been interesting had they addressed the issue of why such young boys were sent to sea ... as they were obviously blue-blooded chaps . This sub plot was too short and vastly unexplored though.If you want a good tale of the sea ... try Finding Nemo , it is superior in everyway .
 This was a very unclear movie . There was very little information from the communication of the characters and I could not understand why they needed to chase that ship . Also , it 's all very stretched out . Only about half the scenes needed to be in the movie . It was also very boring and had very little excitement . In the end it seemed that the captain was fooled and started to chase the ship again and then it just ended . They should have deleted the useless scenes earlier and made the end a bit better . A waste of time , do n't watch it unless you really , really want or if you 're a Russel Crowe fan .
 The movie was allright , nothing to get excited about.I often read while watching a movie . If a movie is good enough to really command my attention , I stop reading . This movie did not command my attention.The worst thing about it was that there was no ending . The movie just stopped in the middle of something . Im sorry I spent the money .
 You ca n't make up for poor directing and boring dialogue with special effects.This movie was a complete failure . I would give it no stars if that was possible . Having read all of the Lucky Jack novels I was hoping that Russell Crowe would be able to bring to the screen something of what Patrick O'Brian had created in his 20 novel series . After the first hour I had to begin fast forwarding . It was a complete and total waste of my time . Even if I had not read the novels , this movie was just poorly done . I did n't care about the characters , the fighting scenes had good special effects but since I do n't watch a movie for the special effects this did nothing to add to a movie that simply did n't make it as far as directing or acting was concerned . Save your money and time , give this movie a miss . Or better yet , get a copy of Mutiny on the Bounty with Marlon Brando .
 I have n't the slightest notion how good or bad this film might be . The idiots who sent it chose the PAL format instead of the United States format of NTSC - so it 's useless to me - - - thanks a lot , fellas !!
 The story basically is Aubrey chasing around in the southern part of the hemisphere after a French man ` o'war ... that is it ... I found it -LRB- extremely -RRB- tedious and annoying.One of the most distracting part of it was the noise.The dialogue was often drowned in it ... Frankly I think Weir should have spent a bit more time on character development ... If you think that this film is exciting , then you probably would love watching grass grow ...
 I wanted so bad to like this movie , but unfortunately I could not . This movie almost put me to sleep , oh it 's true . I had a hard time understanding the dialog so I was forced to use the english subtitles . There 's almost zero action in this movie and even the one battle scene was weak . Too much talking and playing violins . -LRB- hee haw ! -RRB- Very , very boring movie . I 'm sorry guys but this one sucks bad ... Real Bad ! ... . Can you dig it ?
 This is not very enjoyable , and I think the Oscars have been corrupt since Jerry McGuire won best picture . I know I 'm in the minority , but the individuals set of films just rubs me the wrong way . I doubt the historical accuracy of the films , and do not enjoy the sense of self-importance and bravado . Want to be a leading man ? Lose 30 pounds and get a haircut . I find Ben Affleck to be a better leading man , and I think he 's a robot in a Daredevil costume . The day these folks re-make Deliverance with Russell Crowe as Ned Beatty , Ben Affleck as Burt Reynolds , Matt Damon as John Voigt , and Tom Cruise as Ronny Cox is the day they take some daring and bold roles . I think Norm McDonald and Artie Lang from the film Dirty Work would nicely reprise the part of the Hillbilly 's that victimized Ned Beatty and John Voigt .
 Okay , now , in all fairness to this movie , I did n't watch the entire thing . I could n't . I sat through the first four hours , and it was slow and tedious . I did n't care about any of the characters , and there was no action or plot whatsoever . Five or six hours in , a pseudo-interesting thing happened . That kept me watching for a while longer . But hour ten , I gave up . I realized nothing exciting was ever going to happen ; and I 'd grown to loathe all of the characters . I 'd also grown a beard . It was looong.-Steve -LSB- ... -RSB- And do n't say that this review was n't helpful . I dared to say what no one else would
 When this film was at cinema , I almost went to see it , because all of the critics said it was so good . Great I did n`t go . I would have wanted my money back . It is very boring , has no plot at all , a ship following another ship , ALL of the film . With a sort of `` entertaining '' battle at the beginning and a very boring and with a `` pro-war '' message at the end , which is the worst of the film . There is a semi-battle in the middle . There is no development of the characters , just in a superficial way . Quite impossible to be fond of a character of the film . Except , maybe , of the doctor , and not that much neither.I am very surprised to see how many people here have reviewed well this film . Ca n`t see how . It is n`t even entertaining . Still more surprising is that this film was made by the director Peter Weir , who directed before the good films The Truman Show and Dead Poets Society . Really , do n't waste your money and time.If you want to see a war film , see a film called The Boat in its english title , though it is called the submarine in german , it seems to me . It is about submarines and ships . Or The thin red Line . They are very good , and have n`t the pro-war message this one has.Two stars because it may not be the worst film I have seen .
 I thought this movie was a piece of crap - the visuals were OK - but the story was dragging and boring as hell . You should definatly rent it not buy it so you can spit on the CD before you return it . - ruggedthug.com
 Fox Blu-Rays are the worst on the market . Bare bones and picture quality is B.S. See Predator for picture Quality compared to other Blu-Ray releases , terrible . The Wild Bunch was made long before Predator and so was The Searchers and they look way better than Predator . B. Dent must not see too well .
 I went to the theatre and saw this film the first day it came out . It was differant but i loved it . I could n't wait for the DVD to be released . However once i saw that there were two versions , and one of the versions cost twice as much as the other i was to say the least angry . One version is just the movie and it costs just the same as any other DVD -LRB- might as well just wait for it to come on cable -RRB- . The other version -LRB- the collectors addition -RRB- contains all the extra 's that you would find on any other DVD movie only they are expecting you to pay twice as much for something you would normaly get for the regular price of a dvd . What a scam . That is the reason i will only give it one star . Like i said , i loved the movie , however the value when buying the DVD is terrible .
 This movie is so slow and boring it will put you to sleep or make you want to leave the room.I was not entertained by this movie at all.It was a chore to watch it.Reminded me off a movie that they would force you to watch in school.It was painfully long and dull.The plot was bad.The dialog boring.The only good thing about this was was the special effects and costumes.I Ca n't believe all the good reviews for this movie.Must be some dull and boring people , just like the movie .
 I bought it because of the many high rating reviews , tried very hard to like it but in truth I found it too slow and in fact boring , a real waste -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 I saw this movie in Korea back in November , and you know what , I was n't really that impressed . Firstly , Russel Crowe 's acting has never impressed me all that much . Maybe its just me , but I have a very hard time seeing what is so special about him . I felt like he pumped out the same tired performance that he has been doing for years . Secondly , the plot bothers me . Everytime they meet up with the other ship , there is no reason whatsoever for why they should run into it . Its never explained . It just sort of pops up and they battle , then it runs away . Third , the fact that they had two little kids in important posts on the ship is just absurd . Not believable at all . I know they tried to be accurate to the fact that they had little kids on boats back then , but it makes no sense to have them in such important posts . Lastly , the subplot with the doctor supposedly discovering evolution before Darwin is awful . Its an unnecessary subplot in the story , and even a little moronic . It was executed real cheesily . Why this movie was nominated for best picture is beyond me . Personally , I think its simply because Russel Crowe is in it . Hollywood seems to have the assumption that anything Russel Crowe does must be good .
 Come on people how can you stand this movie . I have a cousing who has n't ever seen more than 20 minutes of it because he falls asleep . It 's not worth the time . theres no plot , no real purpose to the movie !
 This is not a film of the story of Nicky Cruz acted out . It is a documentary interviewing Nicky and others for the most part . The worst aspect was that the sound was so poorly done that it was a major , major struggle to try to understand anything that was said . It is disappointing that the people who did this DVD did not make the effort to make a truly excellent product .
 What in the WORLD happened?Blessed ? Yeah right ! It sure was n't a blessing watching some of the most terrible storytelling I 've ever seen.This movie has no atmosphere whatsoever . No drama , no suspense , no horror , no * anything * . It 's very bland and ordinary.It 's exactly this kind of rubbish that makes me wonder what goes through the minds of Hollywood writers sometimes . Did they really expect a masterpiece when they made this film ? I sure hope not . I hope this movie was just some quick cash-in as part of some contractual agreement or something . The thought that some time and effort was actually put into this would be ... hard to believe.I 've seen terrible films before , but this one takes the cake.The first 1 hour and 10 minutes of film is pure trash . That leaves 15 minutes for an ending that 's actually alright because at least something good is shown near the end of the movie that * almost * makes the movie feel different from all those cheesy Lifetime Movie Network films and comparisons.I was so bored while watching this film , and Heather Graham 's character does absolutely nothing for me either . This movie was doomed right from the beginning thanks to whoever came up with such a `` genius '' concept . A pregnant woman walks around with twin evil babies in her belly . * The entire film * deals with the mother worried about her twin babies . She constantly goes to the doctor for check-ups , but the thing is ... what were WE supposed to get out of these constant visits ? So what ? She 's having twins . I certainly did n't sense any evil presence lurking . So BAD.The storyline would have been significantly better had it focused on the babies actually being born and THEN doing evil things to other people . Then the movie would have actually built some kind of suspense . Maybe the movie writers thought such a storyline has already been done plenty of times before , but surely it would have been better than what we ended up with.And her husband ? And the guy at the restaurant who tried warning her about the babies being born ? Any suspense here ? Nope , none whatsoever.I recommend -LRB- rather strongly in fact -RRB- AVOIDING this movie .
 Once again here is a dumb movie that starts out with potential but ca n't live up to it past the first thirty minutes . I watched this because it was supposed to be based on Rosemary 's Baby . Maybe it is but it is the lame , watered down , completely unscary version . To give you an idea , think of this as a made-for-cable TV movie equivalent of Rosemary 's Baby.You have Samantha -LRB- Heather Graham -RRB- and I ca n't even remember the husband 's name played by James Purefoy . It does n't matter because his name like anything else is completely insignificant . Well Samantha is a school teacher -LRB- who went to work probably once the entire film -RRB- , the husband is a struggling writer -LRB- how creative ! -RRB- and they are desperate to have kids . Every time Samantha sees a child she longs for her own . Teaching kids all day makes it hard since she can not have one of their own.The couple decides to go to a fertility center and Sam is implanted by , -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- the Demon Seed ! That 's right . The fertility center has impregnated her with two twins both spawns of Satan himself . Meanwhile the husband gets a literary agent and publisher -LRB- both in less than a week ! -RRB- and the publisher is so ridiculously creepy down to his horn-shaped eyebrows that Stevie Wonder would know this is supposed to be the devil . Yet Sam and her husband have no idea . The man shows up and makes all of the husband 's dreams come true . Suddenly his book is doing so well he 's going on a book tour ! Sigh . Being a writer , the way they portray how easy it is to get an agent and sell a book in these movies is sickening but I held my stomach and kept watching . After all this was n't the worse thing about the movie.Soon after Sam 's pregnant strange things begin to occur . She sees funny faces when the woman does her ultrasound . She hears growling coming from her stomach . Her babies are clawing her from the inside out and a strange man in a black hoodie begins following her . Despite all this , Sam is only concerned for about five minutes then she 's back to singing `` Skippidy Do Da '' like nothing ever happened.After an hour of nothingness we finally get to the core of what 's happened but by then it 's too late . A three year-old could tell what 's gon na happen before the end . The movie was tragic and the ending was pathetic.This film was wrong in so many ways . The main characters had no chemistry , were boring and unbelievable . The husband acted like he could n't care less what happened with the babies and never did anything with Samantha while she was pregnant . You 've wanted kids for years and your wife gets her chance and all you care about is your book ? Completely unbelievable . The writing was dull and the terror was nonexistent . There was nothing scary about this movie . Rosemary 's Baby was such a hit because of how it captured you with such underlying suspense and creepiness . This film wished it could be half as brilliant as Rosemary 's Baby . I 've seen comedies scarier than this!Please do not buy this movie . It 's not worth buying even from the used section ! I would n't pay 5 dollars for this unless you 're just a big fan of the actors . Watch it on cable like I did if you must but take it from me , you do n't have to.I do n't recommend this movie to anyone . This is the dumbest , most lackluster , pitiful excuse of a thriller/horror I 've ever seen . I could 've excused some of the silliness if it had at least been scary .
 With horror remakes being all the rage right now , I do n't understand why these filmmakers did n't just remake Rosemary 's Baby with Heather Graham instead of Mia Farrow . That 's all that this movie really is ... Rosemary 's Baby with a dash of sci-fi cloning to make it feel like it 's something new . Only `` Blessed '' is done with none of the subtle style of Roman Polanski or Ira Levin.Instead , the suspense is supposed to be built with ultrasound images that have the Devil 's face hidden in them like a Rorschach ink blot . Apparently , some rich guy has managed to procure a vial that contains a few drops of Lucifer 's blood . Being a moron , he thinks it 'd be a good idea to clone Lucifer using a local clinic that he owns . Poor Heather Graham has no idea what she 's in for . When will girls learn that if you go to a fertility clinic , some old man will impregnate you with a Devil clone?Sounds absurd , right ? Well , it is .
 I spent an hour watching this boring film , waiting for something to happen and guess what ? Nothing happened . Sure , there is a car crash at the last part but I dare anyone to explain the ending to this mess . To make matters worse , they put this thing on DVD - so the poor direction and bad dialog is crystal clear.Its not scary or creepy and nothing is explored in this art-school film contest reject.Poor David Hemmings , his career ended worse than the career of Raul `` Street Fighter '' Julia .
 ` Blessed ' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- is a UK-Romanian product featuring Heather Graham , James Purefoy , Andy Sarkis , David Hemmings -LRB- his last film -RRB- , Fionnula Flanagan , and Stella Stevens , directed by first-time director Simon Fellows.So ... ` Blessed ' is , as the title suggests , an occult thriller , of which basic story resembles that of one Mia Farrow film made in ' 68 , so if you have seen THAT classic , you do n't need any further comments from me . Yes , the film is about Heather Graham 's heroine Samantha , who receives a medical treatment in a clinic to have a baby . It succeeds , and Samantha , now pregnant , is very happy until she notices that she starts to feel weird things . Like , someone is watching her ; or , the next-door neighbors are missing ; or , she sees strange visions , or ... well , you see the drift of the story now.Let 's not talk about the obvious similarity with the past films . The real trouble is that the film is not scary , suspenceful , or whatever interesting in any way . The first half of the film is particularly dull , though the director tries to give us a shock or two -- with tantalizing music score and things suddenly appearing on the screen -- but they are all tired tricks the fans would never like.In the second half , things get slightly better , for you see at least some things happen . However , all of them are predictable , and even the reliable actors like Andy Sarkis -LRB- no Gollum CGI here , but sporting a curious Iralian accent -RRB- can not raise this B-film higher than it is . You see , while there should be more mysterious mood in the film 's world , and actually the film offers something like mystery , what we really see is ridiculous outcomes of it , or too familiar explanations.During the shooting of the film , David Hemmings who plays one of the key roles had a fatal heart attack , and sadly he passed away . The producers , heavily shocked , knew that there still were some important scenes in which his character must appear . -LRB- It seems the producers used CGIs and a stunt to finish the production . -RRB- This tragic incident might still have something to do with the film 's failure to fully explain the story , the characters , or their motives.But I do n't think ` Blessed ' could be a success , commercial or artistic , from the beginning . There is little thrill , even cheap ones , in the pedestrian story which looks like going on and on automatically . So now , all I can say is , what ever happened to Heather Graham ?
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . Completly unscary , absurd , trite , and badly produced . The DVD has zero extras , not even english subtitles . Garbage .
 The Omen meets Rosemary 's Baby in his sloppily written and poorly performed melodrama . Heather Graham and James Purefoy portray a young couple unable to conceive a child . They stumble upon a clinic that uses in vitro fertilization to help them along . Lo and behold , Heather is pregnant with twins and all seems right with the world . But of course , the clinic is merely a cover for a cloning operation headed by a sinister David Hemmings . The movie 's script is so jumbled , however , that exactly what 's being cloned is never truly clarified ; why is another couple ceremoniously dispatched ? Is the husband in on the scheme ? Why did LORD OF THE RING 's Andy Serkis sign on to play a somewhat maniacal cleric ? It 's like the scriptwriters did n't know where to take the movie , since it 's all been done so many times before and so much better ? A shame considering the talent involved .
 ... of the crappy screenplay , mediocre acting , and less than thrilling pacing . Thing is , it could have been a pretty decent flick if they 'd paid attention to the details . Anyway , the music was well done and matched the melancholy autumn landscape perfectly , the only reason I gave it any stars .
 I just watched it and it is as bad as all the other reviews indicate.Please avoid at all costs then all these reviews have not been written in vain .
 This DVD was mastered by a monkey . I thought there was something wrong with my player at first . Real bad digital artifacts makes the DVD look like terrible digital video art .
 Why does everone like this movie , it 's the worst Godzilla movie ever made . I makes no sense , an Indiana Jones rip-off & Godzilla gets teamed up on . Another stupied part was when Mothra and Battra were fighting , Mothra never used her laser beams when Battra was kicking here ASS , until Godzilla comes and fights Battra and only Battra , Mothra out of nowhere uses her laser beams . Heasi era -LRB- I spelled it wrong -RRB- was a bad era for Godzilla why , most of them have bad plots . It 's only worth watching once and never again .
 The movie was okay . It 's one of the better Godzilla films.The one thing that REALLY makes this movie stink is that the unstoppable Godzilla was beaten by bugs ! That SUCKS !
 Very disappointed that the commentary track does not work . The menu shows that there are commentaries during the USA version of the movie . But when you put commentary on during the film it just plays the movie , no comments . I can not recommend this DVD set even though I love the movie . All of the specials should work if they are mentioned in the menu .
 `` Godzilla vs. Mothra '' is probably my all-time favorite Godzilla movie , mostly because it has better-than-average special effects and an ecological angle to the storyline -- do n't exploit the environment , or there will be dire consequences -- that still resonates today.This DVD reissue , though , is woeful , especially in comparison to the Simitar DVD put out a few years ago . That DVD gave viewers the option of widescreen and fullscreen images , though it was light on extras . This reissue from Sony only offers the fullscreen version , and a scratchy print of it at that . And the extras ? Nothing but a commercial for the `` destroy All Monsters '' video game.Go find a copy of the Simitar DVD instead and avoid this one unless , like me , you 're fond of wasting money .
 I do n't know how many minutes are cut from the original but the sequence the fairies sung in the island was terrible , since some lines -LRB- not whole song but sentences sometimes , musical bars , i mean -RRB- was lost in this DVD ... the movie itself is good .
 Poor Godzilla . this is a very sad movie because Godzilla did n't win , only Mothra won - how sad - I thought watching Godzilla as he was tumbling down into the water . If you really love Godzilla then do n't buy this movie , this movie is only for people who hate Godzilla .
 I hate this film!It 's even worse than Godzilla vs. Megalon.Nothing holds this film up.It 's a disgrace to other Godzilla films.People like this film alot but I do n't get why.It has a horrible plot , bad acting , horrible monster scenes , and even Godzilla catches on fire from a rocket that never hurt him before.BAD , BAD , BAD !
 I 'd say this one is okay , but there 's nothing really that great about it . godzilla looks impressive here , but rather clumsy . The special effects are good . plenty of scenes of the milatary attacking godzilla , which are more enjoyable then the fight scenes which are brief and boring , ca n't understand how godzilla lost to two little catapillars when he just should have stomped em , pretty embarising . However , nothin 's worse than listening too those little twin faries singing .
 The plot is bad.They steal from Raiders of the Lost Ark when getting the idol and only Battra , Mothra 's evil twin , keeps this movie from bombing out completely.After you watch it once to know whats going on in the series so far you should n't watch it again.Horrible !
 Godzilla Vs Mothra -LRB- 1964 -RRB- -LRB- Sony 2002 -RRB- 2/5This is my first time seeing this film in the godzilla series but this review is about the dvd not the film . The picture is quite clear without much damage , the colour is okay to , pretty much it is an okay print not bad but not great . It is not in it 's original widescreen format either . It shows signs of compression but not to the point of pixelisation . The frame rate is 24 fields 24 frames this improves on the King of the Monsters dvd as that was done in a standard NTSC VHS format of 60 fields 30 frames with a frame doubled every 4 which is n't as nice a picture . This has the same ` extras ' as King of the Monsters which are the advert for the tie-in GameCube game and another 5.1 remix which makes everything sound like it 's in a bathroom.Good Points
 This is basicly a remake of the 1964 classic . This is more high teck but the new Shobijin are really bad and er n't even twins and there is a really bad dub job . Thus this ends up not even coming close to the original 's power .
 DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !! `` Godzilla VS Mothra '' Is a great movie , it is a shame that it is presented here , with this DVD , in a full screen format . I just watched the uncut , Japanese LETTER BOX version DVD a friend loaned me , and was greatly disappointed at just how much the American full screen formatted version destroys the film . Do yourself a favor and do n't wast your time or money on this FULL SCREEN PIECE OF CRAP , for it is unworthy of a space in your DVD collection . Wait for the letter box version .
 This is one of the worst monster movies ever . Why ? Because1 . The plot 's terrible .2 . Those twin elias are soo anoying , you 'd hope Godzilla kills them .3 . Battra -LRB- dark Mothra -RRB- turns GOOD ! 4 . Godzilla 's the `` Bad Guy '' .5 . IT 'S A RERUN OF GODZILLA VS. MOTHRA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Basicly , without Battra , I would give this movie a 1 .
 The DVD itself was OK -LRB- and the movie itself rates five stars -RRB- , but the case was damaged . Be careful of this seller !
 Let it be known that I 'm an avid Godzilla fan , and I wanted some DVDs for my new DVD player , so I bought this DVD . Boy , was I disappointed ! There 's really only 3 extras on the DVD -- interactive menus with scene selection , a Destroy All Monsters Game Cube promo , and audio set-up options -LRB- english mono and 5.1 Surround sound -RRB- . The 5.1 Surround sound echoes and sounds unbarable . Options to change the language to Japanese , and add/remove subtitles would 've been nice , as I do n't care for dubs . The picture 's quality is really bad -- there 's scratches , and what not , making it seem like a bad video transfer . Still , the promo 's pretty cool , the animated intro by Mothra 's kinda neat . Overall , this DVD is worth picking up only if you ca n't get a hold of Simitar 's superior version .
 It 's wonderful that this , the best of all the Godzilla films , can be seen in its full format in the crystal imagery of DVD . But , considering the audio channel and subtitling capability of DVD , its almost unforgivable that this move has been released with only a dubbed audio channel ! The dubbing for all the Godzilla films robs you of your chance to fully enjoy the performances of some of Japan 's best actors -LRB- Takarada , Fujuki , Sahara , and Tazaki -RRB- and gives the film an extra level of silliness that hurts it . Come on , this is DVD ! Simitar must really be a cheap company if that ca n't muster up the energy to provide a Japanese language track and English subtitles .
 If you need to throw away some money , this DVD is it . Quality of sound is horrible . Stage is a mixture of everything you can think of from all over the world , including Japan . Amazon.com needs to watch this DVD before they classify this DVD into their classical music category . I would put this one into a garbage section .
 Martyn Green was a great Savoyard whose Ko-Ko was famous and was the reason for the film . In that case , it 's a shame some of Ko-Ko 's best material was cut . One article I once read said that `` I 've got a little list '' was omitted because people knew it so well . If that 's true , then the producer was a major idiot . If anything , the film is worth seeing for even a bit of Green plus Kenny Baker . Baker 's recordings are only of light popular music so having his bright tenor in something approaching classical is a treat . Too bad he did n't get to at least try his hand at Nemorino or Almaviva - on records .
 This is a `` Mikado '' in name only . A Gilbert and Sullivan fan for thirty years , I was disappointed to find such songs as `` I 've Got a Little List , '' `` To Sit in Solemn Silence '' `` There is Beauty in the Bellow of the Blast , '' and half of the incomparable first act finale cut out , with special emphasis on Katisha 's arias . Perhaps the worst thing about G&S as staged for most of the past century is the ossified approach to the material . The lines are delivered by rote , without any sense of character or meaning . Martyn Greene 's KoKo is a busy creature -- lots of stage business and slapstick , but Greene 's portrayal is so loaded with schtick that it amounts of an insult to Gilbert 's very funny book and lyrics ... as if the film is saying , `` Your lines are not funny enough , Gilbert , so we 're piling on the slapstick . '' Kenny Baker is just not up to the role of Naki-Poo , the runaway prince disguised as a musician . His voice is thin , his manner effeminate and his chemestry with the cast is zero . And yet , in the hideous and contrived prologue , he actually is given Yum-Yum 's `` The Sun and I '' song to sing ! This is a truly miserable mish-mosh , a highly mannered period piece from the 1930 's which is being brought out , one suspects , in anticipation of Topsy-Turvy -LRB- the ONLY really good movie about Gilbert and Sullivan -RRB- . Save your money , Savoyards , and buy a decent CD of the operetta instead .
 The Champagne Club has to be the most pompous , pseudo-intellectual , high-brow wannabe drivel I 've ever seen in my life . It 's the kind of movie that draws praise from critics trying to cover up the fact that they are afraid they just are n't smart enough to understand it , but I 'm going to tell it like it is . The whole conceptual notion of these characters finding `` truth '' by disassociating themselves from art and giving themselves over completely to the satiety of the senses might work if the plot were wrapped a little more tightly - but , as it is , even the earliest scenes are too disjointed and random , and there 's never much in the way of continuity between one scene and the next . The film is reportedly based on the letters of a bona fide madman , artist and mental patient Jonathan Hacke . To my disappointment , however , I have been unable to find any reference to this individual outside of the movie summary itself . I 'm forced to conclude that only the insane can really understand insanity.The first third of the movie is basically a bunch of scenes in search of a story . Tim -LRB- Brian Donovan -RRB- and his girlfriend May -LRB- Sara Rinde -RRB- , along with Tim 's boss , Bruce -LRB- Robert Ripley -RRB- and his wife Connie -LRB- Jacqueline Meyer -RRB- have left their art business world behind for an extended stay in a villa owned by Tim 's family . The place is chock full of rich food , a limitless supply of champagne and cocaine , and just about anything else the two couples could ask for . One disjointed scene after another shows them indulging in the lavish lifestyle they seemingly think they deserve . Then things start to get a little weird , just about the time we learn that a young and talented artist went mad there once upon a time . The food and decorations become more elaborate , the consumption of champagne and drugs grows ever larger , and the characters themselves grow more and more bizarre . As even the uptight May joins Bruce and Connie in overindulging the senses , Tim becomes more and more withdrawn . Having opened the door to madness , the characters descend ever more quickly toward their uncertain fates.Eventually , we learn that the group wants to discover `` truth '' by freeing themselves from the influence of art , creating a new world of their own making . This new world seems to consist more and more of revolting activities , most of them involving food . Be prepared to say `` That 's disgusting '' more than once if you choose to watch this film . It is all supposed to represent some kind of deep and penetrating look into the heart of madness . You 'll either think the whole thing is brilliant - or you 'll agree with me that it 's just stupid . I ca n't deny that the effort was clearly there on the part of the young writer/director , Joao Machado , and the actors - I just think the end result is `` full of sound and fury , signifying nothing . ''
 I am a strong supporter for the earlier Real Wheel Videos -LRB- before Dave and Becky began to fight during each of their episodes -RRB- ; however , this one should be skipped for more sensitive children . Specifically , Dave and Becky fight a little more harshly than in their previous videos , and I am not too keen on having my children exposed to monster trucks named `` Big Dummy . '' Granted , they 'll probably be exposed to this language later on , I 'd just rather it did n't happen on my watch .
 The original `` The Himalayas '' is a BBC HD production lovingly narrated by Sir David Attenborough . Well , the visuals are the same -LRB- and simply stunning -RRB- but only in America would the narration be changed to someone else -LRB- an unnamed voice actor -RRB- . His narration is flat and uninteresting and his timing does not match the visuals . The script and music are the same as the original BBC programme.I 'm British living in America and I have found this weird anomaly of voice swap quite a bit with documentaries - overdubbing Oprah Winfrey for Sir David Attenborough in another BBC HD programme and so on . Why , I will never know . I simply find it annoying . And with the ludicrous Blu-ray Region locking -LRB- and incompatible 1080i/50hz -RRB- , I ca n't just buy the BBC originals from England and play them in America.Oh well ... more money wasted.Don ' t buy if you are expecting Sir David , otherwise it 's worth a look for the outstanding BBC cinematography .
 This is an extremely disappointing product . Most of the footages were actually taken from the `` Wild China '' series by BBC , and the other ones do not look like HD images at all.Narration is poor , the script is also bad . In short
 I 'm quite fond of the many ` reality ' videos that have been created for toddlers . They give kids a chance to see the workings of the real world , learning how things work and what people do for a living.I 've seen other videos in this series , and they 've been OK -- that is , entertaining and informative enough to let my kids watch them . With that as background , I decided to buy this one since we 'd never seen it before . Unfortunately , that was a mistake.These videos are not for teenagers ; indeed , I do n't think that the normal teen would sit through a full showing of one ! They 're for kids perhaps as young as 2 , and as old as 8 . So , why would ` Dave ' end one of the segments with a statement to kids that they should stay off of drugs ? In the segment on helicopters , there 's a good deal of material on gunships and weaponry . At one point , Dave stresses the power of one of the helicopter 's guns . There are many other uses of helicopters that could have been covered in this video , without resorting to war and military purposes.Remember
 I have been greatly dissppointed by the whole series . I ordered three DVDs at once and am stuck with them . They do n't hold my son 's attention at all which is fine with me because Dave and Becky are so annoying anyway I could n't stand it if he could . Way better choice would be the Fred Levine series or the I Love CAT Machines series . Do n't waste your money on these .
 I enjoy spaghetti westerns and the Terrence Hill ones are no exception . They are funny , light and entertaining . However , the DVD audio is horrible ! As another reviewer had noted , there is a high pitch whistle which is constant throughout , regardless of what DVD player is used -LRB- Sony and Phillips -RRB- . It is so shrill that it makes the video unwatchable . Painful ! It would be better not sold than to be sold with such poor quality !
 this was the wrong video with the same title and was returned and I was reimbursed
 This is an unauthorized pan and scan release of this film made from VHS tape . If you want a quality copy of this film buy the HEN 'S TOOTH VIDEO edition . It costs more but it is authorized by the producer 's estate and is made from an anamorphic 16x9 master with royalties paid to the actual copyright owners of the picture .
 Also known as `` All The Way Trinity '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- . Terence Hill returns in `` Trintiy Is STILL My Name ! This is the sequel to `` They Call Me Trinity '' . Bud Spencer is a real shock in this one . He 's in a hurry to get through the desert , but when he sees a group of men cooking beans , he takes what he wants from them and the whole skillet of beans . Terence Hill also rides along and he finds a different group of men . `` Trinity '' is a bit more nicer , or is he ? he took the beans too . Even let the horse have some right from the skillet.The brothers meet up at Pearl 's house . Where they finally get to take a bath . At the request of a dying father , Bud has to take care of Terence and show him the ropes . He is inexperienced at being a bad guy . But it is Terence that must look after Bud and teach him a thing or two . Terence finds love too.This film is in English on this DVD . It is the shorter version of 101 minutes.Some television versions run a longer version at 1 hour , 57 minutes , still there is an even longer Italian version at 2 hours and 4 minutes . Rated `` G '' . If you want to see Terence Hill play a good , funny guy and in the best western ever produced by Sergio Leone , My Name Is Nobody -LRB- 1973 -RRB- is what I highly recommend .
 If you like the old Spagetti Westerns this is bottom of the barrel . Something to watch when you need to waste time .
 I did find The Charlie Brown and Snoopy Show entertaining when I was a child . But the problem , I 've now realized , is that none of the cartoons are original . They 're all taken from Peanuts comics from the early ` 60s to early ` 70s . And a lot of the cartoons are even done a second time with different titles -LRB- see any cartoon where Sally is sitting in class -RRB- . And some of the repeated cartoons are RE-repeated in other versions of this show , especially in the disguisedly titled It 's An Adventure , Charlie Brown.Another thing that takes the fun out of this show is that we ca n't tell what Snoopy is thinking . His lines are either spoken through other characters , or they 're just skipped altogether . And any avid Peanuts reader knows that Snoopy `` says '' the funniest things . Maybe United Feature Syndicate should have pushed for someone to voice Snoopy 's thoughts . They had no trouble doing it for Garfield , and they 're from the same company-well , they were back then.So , although this cartoon show brought the characters to life , your best bet is to pick up the Peanuts books instead .
 Being a professional artist , when I saw this title I was excited ; it 's always -LRB- well , almost always -RRB- informative , intriguing to see a Great Master 's life story told on celluloid.I am troubled by the effusive , sycophantish raves I see as reviews here . What Jarman has done with Caravaggio 's tumultuous life is self-serving , proselytizing , diminishing , obscene , marginalizing & deeply offensive . This was about Jarman attempting to depict some misbegotten , self-aggrandizing pseudo-relationship to a Master , NOT about the true life the beleagured artist lived.All the anachronistic nonsense -LRB- train sounds , typewriter , cigarettes , automobile -RRB- is distracting and lifts the viewer out of the film ; it is n't artsy or clever , just awkwardly foolish , cumbersome and self-defeating . Whatever Jarman was smoking when he came up with this treatment is surely illegal . Using actors whose accents were clearly Irish , British and even cockney was very silly , also a distraction.This film puts me in mind of something an hormonal high school senior might conceive in an elective film-arts class . While there are a couple of moments where the sets-costumes do vaguely resemble a composed painting , they 're not Caravaggio 's palette and certainly not authentic to his work . Other posters have commented on the quality of the reproductions used in the film . Both Jarman and the arrogant hack who painted them ought to be horse-whipped for profaning the sublime canvases Caravaggio achieved at such great cost in his life.There were so many directions Jarman could 've gone in to tell this extraordinary story . That he chose such a vulgar framework reflects badly on him , suggest motives best left in the dark corners of Jarman 's fetid imagination . I love Fellini , Kubrick and other ground-breaking avant garde filmmakers , so do n't accuse me of hating . Substandard work is substandard no matter how avant garde the filmaker or director tries to play it off as being . It 's one of those `` if you do n't get it you 're a stick-in-the-mud dummy '' kind of attitudes Jarman is holding over the viewer 's head like a carrot.How much more relevant & intriguing this movie would 've been had Jarman been more of a student and less of a sensationalist . He could 've expositioned Caravaggio 's twisted relationship with the Catholic Church ; he could 've explored the conflict Caravaggio encountered in literally copying Titian ; he could 've illustrated how Caravaggio championed & refined chiaroscuro and won a solid , glowing place in Art History , something I doubt the artist could ever have guessed would happen.Instead we were beaten over the head with the artist 's sexuality . Actually , make that bludgeoned . By the way , in 1500 's / early 1600 's Rome , there were no fixed sexuality standards as there are today . Jarman is way out in left field in leaning so heavily on homosexuality.As an aside , I was personally offended by the scene of the nude artist practically mauling the dead body of the prostitute he had painted . Now THAT was ugly.It is my sincere hope my review disssuades you from watching this tripe ; if people stop watching it , egomaniac filmakers will have to stop making it .
 Michelangelo Caravaggio was an important Italian painter who led a short , tumultuous life . He surrounded himself with earthy street people who became the models for his paintings.If you 're looking for a biopic about the life of Caravaggio , look elsewhere . This chaotic and bizarre interpretation of his life by avant-garde director Derek Jarman is like seeing art history on a bad acid trip . The story opens well enough around the year 1600 , but I thought I was seeing things when I saw a man in a tuxedo . I scratched my head at the calculator , but the motorbike and truck were too much . The use of anachronistic images and odd sound effects -LRB- trains , crashing ocean waves -RRB- was too jarring and distracting for me . There was little dialogue , the range of accents included cockney and Irish , and the narration made no sense.As a fan of Caravaggio 's work , I did enjoy the scenes that showed models posing for his famous paintings , but the rest - a montage of unrelated scenes showing his depraved lifestyle - was just distasteful and speculative . Tilda Swinton made an impressive screen debut in the puzzling role of a street woman and a very young Sean Bean is interesting as her companion , but Nigel Terry was an off-putting Caravaggio . Not recommended .
 Maybe I 'm a purist , but I was surprised to see a man in a tux in what was supposed 1600s Italy . Not to mention a pick up truck that looked like it was dragged straight from the junkyard and plunked down on set . All of that made for a very jarring viewing experience.The plot . . Was there one ? I realize this was n't supposed to a literal biopic , but the writer could have at least tried for a story . It was all random scenes I could n't follow . As for the love triangle , it all went by so fast I was n't even aware of when it started and ended . There was very little dialogue.All in all , not something I 'd recommend in the way of an actual biopic . It was interesting at times , but I still ended up left with a `` What the heck did I watch ? ''
 This was hands down the worst movie I 've ever seen . I 'm an art history major and I 'm actually currently taking an entire class on Caravaggio . Nothing in this movie is based in fact at all . It 's simply a gratuitous sex-fest . Jarman simply created a movie pushing his own sexual agenda using Caravaggio as his character . This movie has nothing to do with Caravaggio at all . Absolutely terrible . A disgusting waste of time .
 I tried watching this years ago and barely got to half an hour 's worth . Since then , I 've read a number of fine Caravaggio biographies , most recently Francine Prose 's brilliant and evocative little book , and admire the artist even more . So I thought I 'd try again . I made it past halfway and gave up.I can stand the anachronisms like cigarettes , un-period costumes , a typewriter , etc. . What I could n't handle was the glacial pace , the vacuousness of Jarman 's conceit . Nothing in the film illuminates the work , and that 's sad . He never takes us into the mind or life of the artist -LRB- and the over-ripe voice over is a dud -RRB- , but focuses relentlessly on surfaces . Some are lovely , some scenes are worth watching , for a moment or two , but then they drag on and on , like the girl/guy swirling a scarf in front of a painting at a party so long you want to slap her or him . The movie is a dumb show , a pantomime . You want to do a fantasia or meditation on the artist 's life , fine , but how dare you make the life of this brilliant , amazing , scandalous , sui generis painter boring ?
 I guess the deliberately jarring and anachronistic visuals were there to demonstrate that Caravaggio was of no era but an artist for all time . No argument from me ; the John the Baptist painting featured strongly is located here in KC , and is one of the jewels of our collection . An astounding and amazing painting , it just destroys everything else in the room . It is a work of stupendous genius and power.Unfortunately , the version of it visible in the studio in this film is a tame and shallow copy . Just like the film , it is trying to be something it is not . The endless silly images undercut the seriousness of the story . At one point , as Tilda Swinton opens a large rectangular package . I said to my wife , `` Maybe it 's a computer . `` When I read things like `` a meditation on sex , art , power ... blahblah '' I know I 'm in for it . I know that a `` meditation '' in film never says anything , it just tosses images around as if showing people lusting and misbehaving tells us something . But this film tells us nothing . Caravaggio was a jerk , who mistreated those who cared for him and chased those who did n't . The people around him were users and cheats and liars and deceivers . OK , yeah , well , that 's not actually news . Nor is it interesting.So , while there is lots of beauty , with languid and lush images filling the screen , this was one dull and irritating film . A self-indulgent director makes a movie about a self-indulgent painter , and the results are not worth the effort .
 The cover of this dvd says ` the complete season 3 ' - it is NOT . Missing is the one hour ` Roast ' episode . They have the moments leading up to the show , the planning of it , etc. and at the end of the episode it says ` To be continued ... ' hmm , well it did not continue on this dvd apparantly . It is nowhere to be found . On the 4th disc is an episode called ` Fan Favorites '' and , to add insult to injury , they show clips from the Roast ... that 's riiiight the one missing from this DVD . This is very deceptive of A&E home video and the producers of the show and being a fan of the show , do not appreciate and feel duped just by seeing the world ` complete ' on the dvd cover . So be warned - this does NOT have every episode of season 3 . Why they would leave out the funniest moment of the show and leave us feeling let down is beyond me . My guess is they want to release it seperately and gouge us a second time with the price . Very dissapointing . I suppose the next dvd set of this show they will change the opening music and edit down episodes and not tell anyone just like a lot of the TV show dvds that come out these days . I wish deceptive practices like this would stop . This is my only complaint with this dvd . I 'm a huge Kiss/Gene Simmons fan but I was really ticked off by this . Anyone agree with me ?
 My wife and I enjoy watching Gene Simmons Family Jewels and have watched every episode except for `` The Roast '' . The claim on the case and everywhere else is The complete Season 3 . That is false and very annoying . Leaving out the roast was the worst idea ever . Stating it is the complete season and then leaving out one of the best parts was quite annoying . Guess I 'll have to resort to other methods to get future episodes .
 As a KISS fan since 1978 , I can honestly say that this show is symbolic of everything that is wrong with the band since the Reunion tour of 1996 . Like the reunion tour , this show had some novelty value for the first season but quickly became boring and repetitious . I sometimes wonder what happened to the classic KISS I fell in love with , the one that recorded truly great albums like ` Hotter Than Hell ' which for me ranks as every bit as potent as the Led Zeppelin or Rolling Stones catalogue.Kiss in 2009 is very much like KISS in 1979 , disjointed and fragmented with no focus or direction . Too much KISS brand and not enough KISS band , it does not surprise me in the slightest that Paul Stanley -LRB- alongside Ace Frehley the true creative genius behind KISS -RRB- has slammed this show in interviews and has distanced himself from Greed Simmons in recent years . What this band needs is less crappy merchandise and more emphasis on the music , arguably the last great KISS album having been recorded in 1976 . Do n't even get me started on the Psycho Circus cd , awful in every sense of the word.My coolest recent KISS memory was seeing Ace Frehley in a small club last year , the flawlessly executed renditions of classic songs reminded me of the band 's glory days.This reality show is just another nail in the KISS Koffin , alongside such horrible endeavors as Gene 's awful *** Hole cd , which should have been a KISS coaster .
 This show is entertaining , but it annoys me that a show that is meant to be a reality show is fake . I did n't know how fake it was until I watched the episode `` Gene Down Under '' . The entire episode involving Gene buying a football team is fake , none of that happened in real life.I wish this show was more reality than `` scripted reality '' .
 The video might have been good but the copy I received was scratched and I opened 2 months after purchase so I was stuck with it .
 I was searching for a good harp player -LRB- jazz -RRB- and read a reccomendationon this DVD as a `` must have '' harp masterpiece.I bought this DVD with the hope to hear good jazz from the harp . Instead what I heard was a lot of talking from the player . If you like stories this is the DVD you want .
 I own the original Big Game America on VCR . Either this DVD was damaged , or NFL films significantly edited the original version . Significant parts of the show are not present . Very unhappy .
 First of all this isnt a movie . It 's a stand up comedy act , and its not funny . On the box of this movie it says '' . . wildest party imaginable ... '' but its really the lamest movie I think Ive ever seen . Basically , the movie consists of a stand up comic entertaining some corporate party . He tells the kind of jokes you might hear from that dorky uncle when you were six . Or maybe the kind you would see in a book of elephant jokes in a children 's library . They do have a few girls that dance around but it is a COMPLETE waste of money . The only reason why i would buy this is so i could give it to someone as a bad gift . Like for instance ... to that dorky uncle i had when i was six .
 The film starts out with a brilliant , and creepy premise -- what if there was a chemical that could be added to ordinary water , colorless , tasteless and odorless , that , when drunk , did n't just kill its drinker but turned that person 's body into a deadly explosive ? As the movie initially unfolds , this premise is handled well and is remarkably chilling.Pierce Brosnan plays the munitions expert who is in charge of determining the cause of several inexplicable explosions that have been taking out prominent senators . His investigations put him in uncomfortably close proximity with one of the senators who may be the next target -- the man his ex-wife left him for following the death of their daughter . As his investigation leads him to the bizarre method being used to kill off these lawmakers , he finds that his attempts to protect them are being misinterpreted and miscast , damaging his reputation ... until he manages to prevent what would have been a deadly attack during a public rally.Unfortunately , it 's right after this attack that the film unravels into a mess . Up until this point it was a tight , chilling mystery ; the attacks unfolded with spooky `` it could happen anywhere '' finesse , the chemistry used in the film to explain the explosive compound was handled remarkably well , and the haunted past driving the protagonist -LRB- his daughter 's accidental drowning and the way his life and marriage fell apart in the aftermath -RRB- was a nice subplot that helped but was n't overbearing.But at this point the film abruptly changes course and becomes a cliche 'd 80s actioner . His wife , witnessing his act of heroism , has the epiphany that she 's with the wrong guy and comes back to him for a heapin ' helping of `` hot '' 80s-style music-video simulated-sex . Now the senator is the one on the outs , and gee , turns out he 's dirty and probably deserves to get blown up , but our hero is still sworn to protect him . The man out to get him , who up until now has been using remarkable finesse -LRB- and who would n't be creeped out by the concept that any glass of water could be their last ? -RRB- suddenly switches over to much cruder tactics . You could swap in virtually any action movie with a rugged loner hero , unscrupulous ass who has to be protected , glowering villain , and useless woman screaming encouragement on the sidelines , at this point , to the same effect . Our hero , of course , saves the day , solves the crime , and wins the girl.Live Wire had the potential to be brilliant , and would have been , but the final act ruins the entire puzzle-box effect of the film . It 's a shame , because it could have been a great thriller . But it 's not.My recommendation
 `` Live Wire '' was n't able to make it into the theaters . That 's because this is strictly second rate . The storyline alternates between being laughable and being predictable . Pierce Brosnan portrays a bomb expert who usually works for the FBI but also does some side work for the local police . His marriage is on the rocks because he allowed their young daughter to drown in the pool . How nice . The incident is shown only in flashback and seems almost trivial the way in which it is presented . Brosnan ends up becoming involved with an investigation into exploding politicians . Yup ... that 's right . Certain senators end up combusting in a big way after drinking what appears to be water . The end of the movie borrows more than a little inspiration from the TV show `` MacGyver '' . This movie never really finds its place and contains your standard action sequences and rather poor special effects . Brosnan is much more impressive as Bond .
 ... and follow me here , this movie is terrible . No matter what the other people tell you , I am telling you the truth and this is my business . If you are going to buy this film , and `` pretend '' it 's a Bond film , you are better off getting `` The Thomas Crown Affair . '' This movie is so over acted that it is ridiculous , though , in reverse of the last three Bond outings , it starts off silly and gets a little better . It proves that playing 007 has been good for Pierce . He has gained confidence through that role that has served him well in his films about love or jewel thieves . He did n't have it here , bless his heart . My girlfriend likes to think that it 's him in the love scenes and not a body double . She said , `` Oh , so that 's what Bond looks like making love ... `` Pass on this one lads , trust me >
 In this not-ready-for-Bond primer , Pierce Brosnan plays an FBI explosives expert who ca n't figure out a series of deadly D.C. detonations that has the nation 's capital on edge . The mysterious explosive premise is a good one , however the movie suffers from a made-for-cable feel -LRB- perhaps because of the terrible music -RRB- . The cast does a good job with a fair to middling script , but a few characters just do n't belong . Namely Lisa Eilbacher as Brosnan 's promiscious wife . Usually a reliable actress , she 's reduced to eye candy in this one . Ben Cross does a smash-bang job as the heavy , but Ron Silver is dead weight as Cross 's congressional co-conspirator . All in all , Live Wire delivers an interesting pop , but is far from the entertaining big bang you might expect from a film featuring the future James Bond .
 The movie is absolute garbage . Everyone 's a badguy -LRB- almost all the characters but Pierce are involved in some crazy plot to blow everyone else up -RRB- , the acting by almost all involved is horrendous , and the editing blows ! The silly love scene in the bathtub actually has 3 hair style changes where the woman 's bangs disappear and reappear and disappear again , then reappear again in bed . You can see the people running from the bomb threats just falling over in panic , the `` bad guys '' completely overact and many do n't seam to have any reason to even be involved . Hah , Pierce got shot point blank by two guys with uzi 's and still not only gets away , but blows them up and goes on to finish the mastermind off and rescue the girl . It kind of reminded of a Beverly Hill 's Cop -LRB- even has the same love interest -RRB- without any comedic value and an all B-list acting crew . I would say do n't waste your time ... but it does have a certain `` so bad it 's good '' quality . Just know what your walking into :-RRB- -LRB- Btw I ca n't understand how this possibly has a 31/2 star rating ... it really is bad -RRB- .
 I have owned the VHS boxed set of Fawlty Towers for a long time , and have been waiting for the DVD version to come out for at least five years . When it finally does come out , it is a complete disappointment , as usual.Once again , BBC has overcompressed the show you care about so they can include a partially filled disc of Extras that no one cares about.The set has `` Remastered '' plastered across the front , and on the startup menu of each of the shows . The remastering must have been to reduce the video quality from the original as much as possible.I have been on the point for years of transferring my VHS copies to DVD , since it seemed like it was never going to get released . I think I might have gotten better quality that way , even though , per the BBC long-standing policy of assuring that classics are preserved for posterity in the shoddiest possible manner , they are recorded at four-hour format instead of two-hour like they should have been.All twelve episodes are crammed onto two DVDs , assuring the lowest possible video quality and the maximum possible degredation.As if that were n't enough , they make you sit through a full five minutes of FBI warnings and ads for other BBC products before you can even get to the main menu ! Hit the Stop button at any point in this process , and then the Menu button just takes you back to the beginning of the FBI warning , and you have to sit through the whole five minutes again!Once you finally do make it to the main menu , Prunella Scales is shouting something at four times the volume of the entire rest of the disk!I do have to admit that the extras are better than usual . The interviews are actually interesting . The outtakes are better than just people blowing their lines , which is all they typically consist of . But there are only four of them . I ca n't imagine they take more than five or six minutes total.Thanks again , Beeb , for seeing to it that another classic of twentieth century comedy goes down in history with absolute rock-bottom quality .
 Sadly , discs 1 and 2 , although labeled as different discs , had the same episodes on them . As a result , many of the promised episodes were missing . This was not the vendors fault since the discs themselves were clearly labeled as `` 1 '' and `` 2 '' , but an error on the part of the BBC production department .
 The Fawlty Towers episodes are hilarious and deserve their growing cult status . However , this DVD set is poor quality and not recommended . The problem is the compression used in order to fit the series on three DVDs
 I 'm a big Fawlty Towers fan but this remastered edition begins with a BBC bigmouth telling you how great the BBC and English humor are , and you ca n't get to the shows you paid for without listening to this boor first . Every time you turn it on . Five minutes . I paid for the damn thing , why do I have to endure this drek ? Drop dead BBC .
 While Amazon was great about customer service on this item , I had to return three different sets because they would never play anything but FBI warnings and trailers . This is really too bad , because I would like to own a working set of Fawlty Towers , which is one of the most hilarious shows ever produced ! I hope Amazon will notify us all when it gets in a working set of discs . And no , it is not just that my equipment or my country did n't jive with the discs , because I had a young , very computer-savy person check things out , too .
 Hoping to `` upgrade '' from my VHS Fawlty to DVD , I ordered the complete DVD series . Unfortunately , the set I received was defective . The disks were marked v. 1 , 2 and 3 , but the set actually contained TWO v. 2s , ONE v. 3 and NO v. 1 . I requested a replacement for this set , and received another DEFECTIVE set identical to the above . I will be returning both sets and asking for a refund as I do n't trust that I will ever receive a complete , perfect set . This series is truly one of the greats of BritCom-Dom and deserves 5 + stars , but my experience with the product quality is quite disappointing . Sybil would certainly never stand for it ...
 I bought the Fawlty Towers series on American Amazon , only to discover that is can not be played on American DVD players . Very frustrating ; Amazon needs to protect its customers more than this , ezpecially as it continues to devour other retailers . This makes me furious as a long time Amazon user .
 that the dedicated fans of this show presume everybody who sees the show loves it . That is far from the case . Many people can watch Python or FT and easily nopt enjoy it . I for one see little humor in this series . Remember FT/python fans you do n't speak for everyone when you write how you admire these tv works .
 I was very much anticipating watching Fawlty Towers because of all the wonderful reviews given . I expected it to be witty , refined , and just plain funny , I found none of that . All I found was an extremely boring and unexpiring comedy . I do n't see the humor in Basil falling down in every episode or slamming Manuel 's head into the wall . After the first `` uno , dos , tres '' episode with Manuel , any other times Basil has a tough time communicating with Manuel , it just seems tired . There is no subtle humor because everything in the show is such an overtly over exaggeration . There is not an ounce of believability ... I thought this comedy would be something the vein of The Office , Arrested Development , The Larry Sanders Show , Waiting For Guffman , etc. . To say the least I was very disappointed ...
 I 'm sorry , but Fawlty Towers was at best a mindless sitcom . Characterization , plot , and even setting were a bare minimun as Cleese mugged his way to cheap laughs . It 's funny for about three minutes and after that the same joke over and over just gets tired .
 Let 's face it if this show had n't starred Python alumnus John Cleese this show would be as famous as Mind your Language .
 although I enjoy fawlty towers very much this collection is too boring -- there is a really boring interview that lasts forever right before each episode . they could easily have put more episodes in the collection if they only would eliminate those interviews ... well -- sigh -- live and learn ...
 If you want to see a human being utterly debased in every episode by his wife and everyone else who he comes in contact with , than this is for you . I find watching this show the antithesis of comedy . Its nihilistic outlook is totally depressing .
 I am unable to view this movie as this system is NTSC whereing we use PAL and I am of the opinion the system should be stated BEFORE purchase as now I am stuck with a useless and expensive product.Thank you.Peter Erler
 Being a Python fan and a fan of some other British comedies -LRB- Good Neighbors , Are You Being Served -RRB- , I was very pleased to find this complete DVD set at a used store that I shop at . Once I got it home and started watching , however , it was very clear that this type of comedy was made for people with certain tolerances . Fawlty Towers fans , I expect to get flamed for this , so flame away . The criticism I will try to make is going to be based on logic , not rants.First , the main character , Basil Fawlty , played by Cleese . Basil was modeled after an experience Cleese and the other Pythons had with an extremeely foul-tempered hotel owner while on holiday . Basil is brash , rude , inconsiderate , and generally painful to watch . He is a complete and utter wanker to his guests unless they are of some high social standing . Once in a while , we see Basil get his comeuppance from an overly irritated guest , or something of the like , and that 's actually enjoyable , as he usually gets thumped pretty severely . Every person at one time or another has wanted to do that to someone as utterly nasty as Basil.Comedian Richard Briers said in his interview on the ` Good Neighbors ' series that to be a comedy actor you had to exude a certain amount of vulnerability so that the the audience would care about you . Cleese 's character of Basil evokes no sympathy or empathy whatsoever , as you find it impossible to relate to a man who is so deliberately narcissistic , sarcastic , and rude to his guests . Perhaps this is why John Cleese hates Britain so much , for those few individuals who are so class-conscious that they constantly trod on other people.Secondly , the cast . There does not seem to be any chemistry between most of the leading actors , and most of the acting seems forced , not to mention the gags . The only saving grace is Manuel the waiter , played by Andrew Sachs . There is a lot of byplay involving his difficulty communicating with the customers -LRB- and Basil -RRB- because of his difficulty learning the language.This series was one that I really wanted to like , and it fell very short . It 's a shame they only made four seasons of Good Neighbors , as it was a fine Britcom . Perhaps I 'll try ` Yes , Minister ' next .
 If Santa Claus is coming to town , Basil Fawlty is on his best behavior . If not , he 's like you or me . Or is he?Fawlty Towers is a comedy series about man and wife who run a self-named hotel . The hotel seems nice enough , though in need of a few repairs . They have a staff of two - a man from Barcelona who speaks very little English and a young blond woman whose beauty is what is attracts the most attention . John Cleese as Basil Fawlty is the main character and it 's his sarcastic humor , his immense groveling and his pie-in-the-face antics that define the comedy of this series . It 's British , it 's backwards , and it has made me laugh because it 's so basic.But then again , it 's not all clean humor . There are sexual references and innuendo that make me squirm watching it with my young ones -LRB- the wedding party -RRB- . It does , also , cross the line into peeking and groping , though for seemingly innocent reasons -LRB- the psychiatrist -RRB- . Our kids are not allowed to watch an episode that we have n't screened . After watching this first episode listed above , we waited 6 weeks -LRB- after the Christmas season -RRB- to screen anymore . Last night , we screened two , one of them being the latter listed above.I find the sexual humor offensive . As a teen , I laughed while watching , but had nightmares afterwards . That was in the days before taping where shows were n't pre-screened and offensive material could n't be skipped through the magic of fast forward or scene selection.My recommendation is to watch with a friend who knows which episodes to avoid , if you can find such a friend . And then screen , screen , screen before allowing the kids to watch . Some of it will be over their heads , but watch out , because some memories will stick with them long after Fawlty Towers has been closed for repairs .
 I find little humorous about this sitcom . I actually find it all pretty nervewracking and painful to watch .
 I had always heard this was one of the absolute classics of British TV sit-comedy . In an interview with the League of Gentlemen recently one of them calls it `` the best thing ever done . '' So I sat down a couple of nights ago to watch some episodes , for the very first time , with high expectations.What a letdown ! There is a certain distinctive style of British TV comedy -LRB- maybe this series was the archetype -RRB- , in which all the characters scream at all the other characters , in every scene -- or for occasional variety , one character screams at all the other characters ! It is n't funny . -LSB- The first season of BLACKADDER had this problem , but the later seasons do not , making it , along with RED DWARF and RISING DAMP , among the best of the best . -RSB- Since Basil Fawlty is in essentially every scene of FAWLTY TOWERS , he needs to be a character that makes some kind of sense ... but instead he 's an incoherent grab-bag of inconsistent elements . For example , he often says witty or clever things , and yet he is depicted as utterly mindless , incapable of drawing even the simplest correct conclusion about any situation , or deciding on any viable course of action . The supporting characters are all one-note , but that 's the way supporting characters are supposed to be . It all hinges on Basil , and Basil is a hollow reed . He is n't funny to look at , funny to listen to , or funny in his interactions with other characters and with the world around him.I laughed a few times while watching the tape , but where I expected some comedy classic , I just saw a bunch of senseless , unmotivated and often very unfunny antics.If you do n't detect the slightest difference between the Three Stooges , Laurel and Hardy , and Abbott and Costello , you may well find this a `` classic of comedy . '' Otherwise , it is going to be a viewing experience somewhat more painful than it is amusing .
 This is n't so much a hilarious sitcom as a tension fest . Every talks half way to a whisper most of the time . Cleese looks inbred and mildly retarded . Maybe this explains why in real life he thinks it 's funny to go around harrassing people .
 This DVD set is a real disappointment . I love the series , but am very annoyed about the quality of the disc . It skips and gets stuck on certain episodes . Why is that happening ? I just opened it , put it in the dvd player and thats all.I do have to say though , that Amazon is doing a great job about this . I 've contacted them and they are sending a replacement with a return shipping label to send back the defective one at no charge . So bravo Amazon for correcting this problem so efficiently ! Thanks !
 Ice Road Truckers - The Complete Season 1 -LRB- History Channel -RRB- was a unique query into the phenomena of `` At The Top of The World '' ice road trucking . An eclectic group of ice road drivers , the bleeped out language , interaction between drivers and the sheer `` man vs the elements '' made for quite an enjoyable series.Season Two was a bit of a disappointment . The weeks depicting the gas drill rig being moved and reassembled was good but watching week after week of Hugh `` The Polar Bear '' driving a waste truck , Rick transporting dirty snow and Drew delivering candy & soda just killed the novelty of the whole series . I 'll be taking a pass on Season Two!Ice Road Truckers
 Season one was much better , too many scenes repeated,sub-titles flashed on and off faster than you could read them and too much emphasis on `` Rick the Wreck '' and his constant whining.These drivers all seem to hate each other and the show seems to focus on that.Alex seems to be the only one with a sense of humor and a good attitude.Too bad he is ill and hope he has a full recovery.I will pass if there is a season three !!
 I had been waiting for ` At Play in the Fields of the Lord ' to be released on DVD for a number of years and was truly delighted to find that this movie was released on DVD in Spain.I must admit that after receiving the purchased DVD , I was really disappointed with the quality . It must have been made from a copy of Video or something like that . My advice is do not waste your money on purchasing this import version !
 I gave it a low rating because we were not able to change the sub titles to english.Unfortunately this is an American Movie , but do not sell an English version , though the talking is in English.I am just sad that you do not have the movie for sale in America .
 I 've never seen this movie , but have read the book at least 3 times as it 's one of my favorite stories . I 'd really like to see it , but my VHS no longer works and well as everyone will agree VHS is ancient history these days . That is the only reason for the one star is because it has not come out on DVD . Come on and release in DVD ! I can not believe this is n't out in DVD format . It 's ridiculous considering what movies do get put on DVD .
 I can only review this film because of its subject matter , which is of central interest to a society on the verge of forgetting entirely where it came from -LRB- much less knowing where it is going -RRB- . So because it is so important a story , however badly the film itself has been handled has to be partly overlooked.Set in Amazonia , the film bears some remarkable similarities to `` Black Robe , '' the Canadian historical film of some years ago . Both films deal with `` first contact '' with the natives , and in so doing , they present a cinematographically rich portrait of native cultures . One wonders if they are not overdone in fact ; the details of costuming -LRB- sic -RRB- and decor are extravagantly attended to . Indeed , that is where the film falls down for me
 I will add to what was left out , in the rave reviews , I was grossed out and offended , after viewing 20 minutes of per teen boys running around naked in Brazilian rain forest . The explicit frontal nudity , and the lingering frontal close ups of these little boys privates , would be considered child pornography in today 's definition of child porn .
 I did not finish watching Peter Jackson 's `` Meet the Feebles '' . About 45 minutes into the movie , I became bored and shut it off , deciding that it was time to go to bed . There were n't any points in the movie where I found myself laughing . I 'm assuming that the rest of the movie , after the point I watched to , is the funny part ... But I was n't willing to sit through it to get to the funny stuff . I think a lot of people , myself included , find the idea of naughty puppets incredibly hilarious . This movie , however , was not the film we are looking for.Maybe I 'm simply desensitized , but I found `` Meet the Feebles '' neither shocking nor disturbing . It seems to me that they were going for things that were outrageous , like a walrus mating with a cat , but falling short of the bar . There is n't any sort of social commentary that usually goes along with arthouse flicks which are filmed poorly -LRB- and make no mistake here , `` Meet the Feebles '' is filmed poorly -RRB- and the story seems almost forced , as if the writers decided - `` Hey , let 's make a movie about nasty Muppets ! '' - but then realized that a story is necessary . Scenes jump all over the place and the puppet animation is choppy . I got the impression that some scenes were shot stop-motion , like claymation films . The smut-producing rat was n't anything to sing home about and neither was the knife-throwing -LRB- frog , lizard ? -RRB- . This obviously is n't something you should show to any immature kids , despite it 's failure to be abhorrent to me.Not to get down on Peter Jackson and anyone else who was involved - I love Fellowship and Heavenly Creatures and all - but this movie is downright terrible . There is a reason that I gave it 2 stars , though . They were going somewhere with `` Wobeht '' the hedgehog . His scenes were intelligent and stuck out like a diamond in the rough from the rest of the stuff going on . Also , I found the Walrus and the Warthog playing golf amusing , even though I did n't laugh at it .
 This movie is full of puppet sex , drug abuse , multiple puppet deaths , disgusting bodily functions , snuff , and so much more . Sounds good , huh ? That 's what I thought when I heard about it ... but once I saw it , I was very let down . The entire time I watched this , the only thing I could think was that it was a cheap way for the film makers to pack as much obscenity into two hours as they can . If you 're a big fan of sick humor , you might like it ... then again you 'll probably get bored thirty minutes into it . I 'm not sure how I finished this film ... afterwards I felt dirty and wanted to go take a shower . I 've seen other films by Peter Jackson and I have to say this is by far the worst.That being said , this is one of those films that everyone should see at least once . There were a few parts in the film that actually made me laugh . And , if nothing else , this movie is great for annoying the hell out of your friends -LRB- or scaring them off if you get tired of them -RRB- . So , watch it but do n't expect too much ... and prepare for an onslaught of bad taste . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The transfer quality of this disk is extremely poor . I was shocked to see something look this bad on dvd . The package is bare bones , with no indication of sound mix or size format . I would say poor mono for sound and the disk is full frame.Had I known the package would be of this quality I would have waited for a larger label to pick up the rights to press this disk .
 Meet The Feebles is to the Muppet Show as Mickey the Rat is to cartoons . Another way to put it is the Muppet Show on Acid . There really are some funny bits in the movie , especially the flash back scene and the end sequence . For the casual movie watch this probably ai n't your thing . For peopel interested in the work of Peter Jackson or can suffer through the bad for the good , pick it up .
 i dont really know how everyone can think this is such a good movie . i liked Dead Alive and i am about to watch bad taste but this movie is incredibly boring . i gave it two stars because i thought the movie had an intresting concept but it just didnt cut it . i fell asleep in the first hour of the film and just dont understAND WHAT EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT . IT DID HAVE SOME INTRESTING LINES IN IT THAT I THOUGHT WERE FUNNY THOUGH.P.S . the dvd extras are worse than the movie !!!
 Dead Alive director Peter Jackson directs his 2 second film after his first film Bad Taste . The movie is sick and disgusting but at times hilarious that its hailed as the muppets on crack but the humor seems copied from a South Park episode and the movie gets quite disgusting -LRB- Showing scenes filled with drugs , sex , or gore -RRB- and the muppet-like characters are nasty and the whole movie fills like your watching 2 hours of odd cinema from the director of Dead Alive . The funny parts are when the frog has flashbacks of his Vietnam duty or when the fly gets flushed down a toilet and they said he wanted to be a journalist and the only thing left behind was a journal floating around a toilet . The sick parts are the rat making porno in the basement and when the rabbit is popping his herpes and brown pus shoots on the mirror.Please rent but do not buy because you do something better with your time or money .
 This is like the muppets on acid . I think the average person would not enjoy this movie . I found it odd and did not enjoy it.I am a fan of peter jackson and I did like dead alive.The puppets are well done and the music is appropriate . Maybe this is much funnier if you are under the influence of something ...
 I 'd really like to say this is the worst crime ever committed on celluloid , but I ca n't . See , for a movie to be truly bad it ca n't be made deliberately that way , and that 's just what ... -LRB- shudder -RRB- Meet The Feebles was . And somehow , that makes it worse . It 's a snuff film with puppets . I ca n't put it any simpler than that.Sadly , I 'm sure there are people out there who really like this movie . I can only say that they have medication for these people and they should avail themselves of it . There 's nothing wrong with pushing the envelope of good taste ... but at least have a reason . The only message I could discern from this film was bad guys finish last . And hey ... THAT 'S NOT TRUE !!! ... coughOJcough cough ... South Park the Movie pushed the envelope , but it was funny with a good message . Canada is the source of all our problems.I wish I 'd never seen this movie . Every once in a while , a scene will flash in my mind and I 'll shudder . There is nothing redeemable about it . I want the people involved in it 's creation to be punished ... in TEXAS . The Lord of the Rings trilogy DOES NOT FORGIVE Peter Jackson for making this movie , capiche ? Please , do n't let my utter contempt for this skidmark pique your curiosity . It 's not worth seeing it , you 're young , you 've got your whole life ahead of you ! Consider yourself forewarned . Peace .
 ... 1 star for the DVD transfer = 2 stars overall.Mostly vivid , interesting movie is hindered by the poor quality print schlepped onto DVD -LRB- but helped by the bargain price ! -RRB- . There is nothing great here , folks , but it probably will keep the average fan of ecclectic films awake to the end . For uniqueness alone , it deserves a viewing by those who enjoy unusual films . `` Meet the Feebles '' is to `` The Muppets '' what `` Fritz the Cat '' is to `` Bambi '' !
 Let it be known first off that I am a person who is near-impossible to offend . I loved Dead Alive and Bad Taste , and I was expecting the same humor and wit in this film.Muppets on Acid . OK , good concept , and the visuals certainly were sick and twisted . But that 's about where the credit due ends - there is nothing more to this movie that makes it redeemable , and that 's why it gets one star.About ten minutes into the film , it was dawning on me that I had n't laughed or cracked a smile once yet . Twenty minutes later , I realized it again , and I shut the movie off . There are plots in the film , but they are there to just `` have a point '' to the movie , and they do n't work . I do n't think any humor was even ATTEMPTED in this film.In the thirty minutes that I watched before I shut it off , I saw some graphic puppet sex that had no reason for being in there except for the reason that it could be easily done , and it would be gross . Again , I am not offended , but there was really no reason for it - just `` because they could . `` Also , I could hardly understand what the characters were saying with their warped voices placed upon New Zealand accents.That was just the movie . The DVD itself is probably the worst I 've seen yet . Grainy , dark , crappy extra features ... get the VHS version , you wo n't be missing anything and you 'll actually be getting a clearer version.A huge disappointment ; do not even bother .
 I must confess that until learning of his involvement with THE LORD OF THE RINGS , I had never heard of Peter Jackson . Upon seeing the film , I was convinced that Jackson was a great director and wanted to watch some of his other pictures . I thoroughly enjoyed THE FRIGHTENERS and caught the last fifteen minutes of DEAD ALIVE on cable and knew that I had n't been wrong . I saw MEET THE FEEBLES in an art house video store and decided to rent it to further my appreciation of Jackson.After viewing the picture , my view of Jackson as a director has not changed . MEET THE FEEBLES is filled with literary and movie references -LRB- the DEER HUNTER rip-off is classic -RRB- . It satirizes the entertainment industry and it is filled with interesting dialogue and fully developed characters.However , with that said , MEET THE FEEBLES is one sick and bizarre movie . It 's full of filthy language , pornography , S & M , drug abuse , sodomy , and violence . Some of the scenes are n't all that bad , but some of the stuff is just awful . I understand much of the humor involved , but I just do n't comprehend why people find it funny . As a huge Muppets fan , I was also upset by the obvious perverted parody of the Muppet Show that MEET THE FEEBLES is . Everything that the Muppets are and that Jim Henson was , the Feebles are not . Not only that , but the film verges several times on the edge of NC-17 -LRB- there is one scene where a male puppets ' private organs are graphically shown and exploited ; in a regular film that would have guaranteed the NC-17 rating -RRB- . I realize that there are some who enjoy films like this . However , unless you 're a Peter Jackson fan or have an extremely warped and disgusting sense of humor , do n't MEET THE FEEBLES . You wo n't be missing anything .
 Do n't let the packaging fool you - this is simply the worst-produced dvd I have ever seen . -LRB- And I 'm not speaking of the content of the movie - that 's being saved for later . -RRB- This dvd is clearly encoded from a very inferior source - it 's also pan and scan , which stinks . The sound is muddied and very difficult to listen to , obscuring much of the dialogue . The print of the film was obviously a release print , with many scratches and missing frames . The transfer is very dark and muddy , oscuring many of the scenes and making it difficult to watch.On top of all this , it appears that this may be taken from a vhs release of the film ! And , there are encoding errors on the dvd , so that it gets stuck , or digital fragments appear.That is what may make this the worst dvd ever . The quality of the tranfer and encoding is nowhere near good vhs standards , much less good dvd standards.And then there is the film itself . This is one of those impossible to rate films , because many people will watch it and go `` Yuck ! This is n't a film , it 's garbage ! '' , while others , who enjoy the sicker things in life , with say `` Cool ! `` So , here 's how you decide which category you are in : If you enjoy watching puppets curse , vomit , defecate , urinate , fornicate , come down with venereal disease , do drug deals , do drugs , and shoot each other up with machine guns , then this film is right up your alley . It is NOT a children 's film , that 's for sure.If you do n't enjoy these things , then simply do n't watch this film . You wo n't find any of the things that you enjoy about Peter Jackson 's `` Lord of the Rings '' films here . Absolutely nothing , except perhaps some careful planning.And nobody , but nobody should support a company such as this , who releases rip-off dvds of such poor quality . I intend to try and get a refund for my copy .
 Peter Jackson 's second feature , a Muppet/splatter movie , is delightfully made and excellent fun for anyone with a warped sense of humour who always found the Henson creations cloyingly wholesome . But the movie deserves better than this pitiful Dead/Alive issue which looks awful and ignores all the possibilities of DVD . My old VHS copy looks twice as good . Avoid this release but get the movie - when someone who knows what they 're doing puts it out .
 I love this film , but do n't buy this version . I saw ` Meet the Feebles ' first at the cinema and owned it on VHS in Australia , and then on DVD from the UK . The US version is horribly dark and does n't have the color of the original . If you really want to see a good version of this buy a Region free DVD player and buy it from anywhere but the US . The UK version is good .
 I saw the cover , and I thought to myself `` This is money ! I HAVE to see this movie ! '' That ended about 2 minutes in . I waited for the horrible torture to stop , but it did n't until I pressed the STOP button a few minutes in . Take a pass on this one and get something that does n't wreak .
 I like sick humor more than anybody I know , but I shut this movie off after 30 minutes . It 's the first movie I have EVER shut off . It 's that bad . I kept waiting for something good to happen , but it just kept getting worse and worse . Please do n't see this movie .
 I love this movie and have it on VHS . One of the best moives ever . Currently , I want to purchase this movie on DVD to expand my collection of DVDs ; except there are two DVDs to chose from . Now I have read and tried to find this movie through many rental stores just so that I can compare the two different DVDs , but I had no luck in finding any of these version of DVDs . Next , I found these reviews on this site describing to be unhelpful because one would say how the poor quality of sound and picture are and says how prestine this DVD is . In both cases , all of these reviews shown are irrelevent and will not be helpful in finding an excellent DVD like any other DVD , -LRB- such as the Matrix -RRB- . Also , I know this is not an official review , rather a case where sites and information cetners are ignorant or will not display the quality of a product caption along with the product trying to be sold . It makes me so mad that out of 134 reviews and purchases made by the ` reviewers ' are not able to give accurate information reguarding the quality of a DVD and to wich the item was purchased from.Overall , all of these reviewers display their ignorance because no site is willing to give the quality conditions of the `` Meet The Feebles '' DVD . In other words , ignorance leads to ignorance and so on.This review , -LRB- -LRB- comment -RRB- -RRB- , is no intended to heed my frustrations against the other reviewers , but at the fact there is no information to display the quality this DVD is in .
 This movie is in the worst taste I have ever seen . You should buy it just so you can see how truly bad a movie can be . It will offend absolutely anyone . I 've seen this video twice . The first time , I swore I 'd never see it again . The second time I remembered why .
 Peter Jackson 's Meet the Feebles is the worst movie ever made . There is no word in the English language that describes how vile , disgusting , and wrong the film is . Peter Jackson manages to offend every sense that is used to view his work , resulting in the worst aesthetic experience possible.One way to describe Meet the Feebles is Jim Henson 's Muppets - on crack . Imagine the Muppets in a very adult world where drugs , sex , and violence are commonplace . The opening scene of Meet the Feebles seems harmless enough , but right after the horribly-written theme song is a scene which burns the eyes
 To be fair , I can understand why people would enjoy this movie . It 's a funny concept , there are some funny moments , and it 's depraved , but in a funny sort of way . That 's about where my appreciation of the movie stops . To be honest , I did n't find it offensive , just incredibly boring . Any one who has sat through a more mainstream entertainment , like 8mm for example , wo n't find it all that shocking in comparision . The only twist is that it 's a puppet show , but even that is n't took shocking . In addition to finding it boring , I found to be pointless . What were they trying to achieve here ? If this is a satire on children 's entertainment , why not throw in a bright musical number ? This could show how false and empty children 's entertainment is , in contrast to how depraved this version of it is .
 `` Meet the feebles '' is the sickest movie I have ever been unfortunate enough to stumble upon . It is grotesque , and unbelievably bizarre . It turned my stomach . I strongly encourage you stay away from this bomb !
 Whatever small value this film may hold , there are far better things you can be doing with your time . Why wallow in the base and disgusting when you do n't have to ? Is your time * really * better spent laughing at scatalogical `` humor '' than in contemplating more complex human emotions ? Courage , honesty , nobility , love ? Oh , but I 've forgotten
 Rarely have I come across a movie as bad as Gummo , Dead Alive , Spice World , or Kazaam . Meet the Feebles however is truly terrible , and deserves its ranking as among the worst films I have had the misfortune to watch . I am not even going to bother reviewing it , suffice it to say that I would rather be kicked in the genitals than watch it again .
 I love this film , but do n't buy this version . I saw ` Meet the Feebles ' first at the cinema and owned it on VHS in Australia , and then on DVD from the UK . The US version is horribly dark and does n't have the color of the original . If you really want to see a good version of this buy a Region free DVD player and buy it from anywhere but the US . The UK version is good .
 Yes , I was familiar with this film when I bought the DVD . Yes I was familiar with Peter Jackson 's work . What I was n't familiar with is the poor quality output from Dead Alive Productions ! This story , which revolves around a group of sick , twisted puppets -LRB- which , of course , I like -RRB- was so poorly transferred onto DVD that I felt the urge to write my first review in here . Not only are there no added features , not only is it NOT in Widescreen format , but worst of all is that it appears they took a very -LRB- and I mean very -RRB- poor quality print of the film and just slapped it onto a dvd . It is grainy and dark ; so dark that I thought I needed cataract surgury . My tape of the movie off of TV is a much better print . And they have the nerve to leech off of Peter Jackson 's success with `` Lord of the Rings '' by advertising this fact right on the front , in the middle of the clamshell case of Meet the Feebles ; which I guess would be fine if this dvd were of a higher quality . But it just smacks of being a little bit on the smarmy side . So my advice ? ... wait for a clearer , brighter WS version ... . or just catch it on the Independent Film Channel ; where you 'll actually be able to see everything in the film .
 Okay , so it may not be the worst movie ever , but it definately ranks way down there . As far as I can see , it has only one redeeming segment . The scene where the alligator -LRB- or whatever it was -RRB- is having drug induced Vietnam flashbacks , that was pretty good . In fact , if that had been the only scene , I might have given this movie a good review . The rest of the movie was the sorriest piece of trash I have ever had the misfortune to sit through . I turned the movie off about half way through because it was so bad . I then watched the second half to see if it could get any worse ... and it did . This movie was not funny , intelligent , thought provoking , or even mildly entertaining . The only emotions it got out of me was loathing and numbness .
 Would you give this movie a chance if you did n't know Peter Jackson made it ? I doubt it . Lame , laborious , not funny even in a campy way . A hippo version of Miss Piggy . Whatever , dude . If you just think you have to worship Peter Jackson or have a muppet fetish fine , otherwise you can find much better ways to waste your limited brain cells and time ...
 my boyfriend talked about this movie all the time so i bought it for him and we watched it . some parts were ok but some were messed up . . and i relly didnt like it ... it was kinda dumb . . and not the good kind of dumb ...
 This was the absolute lamest movie I have ever seen . If you watch this and actually somehow like it , then you must have eaten some paint chips as a child . Seriously though , this movie was as painful to watch as it was to realize that I have actually spent money to rent it . I 'm stupider for having watched it , and I suggest that you all take a pass on this one .
 I 'm sorry to all those who proclaim this to be one of the best `` twisted '' films they 've seen ; there is no possible way that I will be able to say one good thing about this incredibly sick , sick show . While I realize that everybody must try to expand their horizons , etc. , etc. , this movie went over the boundaries of decency and was just plain wrong . The disgusting bathroom humor , which is a major turn-on for some individuals , will not please most audiences . The innuendos and other sordid details are in extremely bad taste . Please rent this movie before you buy it ; it might be right up your alley , but I hope not . I was dumber after seeing this movie .
 This was the saddest movie I have EVER seen . Defecation , sex , drugs and AIDS should be serious subjects . When ignorant people sadly rip off one of America 's great geniuses , Jim Henson , and then throw in the most repulsive subject matter , it really depresses me . Burn it .
 One of my all time favorites . So why the two star rating you might ask . I am convinced that the DVD conversion was done in the back of a pickup going 60 in first gear using a fourth generation VHS copy . The only redeeming quality of this DVD is the great B horror movie previews from Dead Alive Productions . I 'm talking put Ed Wood to shame B movies.I originally saw `` Meet the Feebles '' on the Sundance channel so I ca n't vouch for the VHS copy but it has to be -LRB- assuming that there indeed is a god -RRB- better than the DVD . I recommend seeing this movie one way or another . That is of course that you are familiar with Peter Jackson 's demented side and not just `` Lord of the Rings '' . Yes this is the same Peter Jackson who directed `` Lord of the Rings '' . -LRB- I ca n't believe it either -RRB- Just like you , I read the warnings in the other reviews . Did that stop me from shelling out the cash ? Hell no , I went ahead and bought it anyway so who am I to tell you to keep your wallet in your pocket.Synopsis : If you like `` Bad Taste '' or `` Dead Alive '' , this tops both . Unfortunately the DVD does not come close to doing this movie justice .
 Meet The Feebles is a great movie , but this DVD is abhorrent ! Unfortunately , it is also the * only * version of the film on DVD . The transfer by Dead Alive Productions -LRB- not to be confused with anything Peter Jackson -RRB- is horrible . It is incredibly dark , grainy , and full of spots and lines that sneak into the picture . Most of the movie takes place in the dark backstage area of an old theatre , and the transfer makes it very difficult to see what 's going on . Feature-wise , this disc is bare . You never realize how much you value Chapter Headings as a feature until you get a disc without them ! That 's right folks , this movie is one big chapter , 1 hour 30 minutes long . Want to stop and do something else ? You ca n't , or you 'll lose your place . I should make a correction
 This movie is great , I would rate it about 4 to 4.5 stars . This review , at two stars , is about the DVD release from `` Substance '' . The DVD is 4:3 full screen , cropping the movie 's original aspect ratio of 1.78:1 . There are no extras on this DVD , barely even a menu . The video looks like it has been taken from a second-generation VHS tape . The colors are bleeding and are overly saturated . Everything looks mushy.I 'm not sure why they did not do this right . The very next DVD in their lineup , Peter Jackson 's `` Bad Taste '' , looks great . It has a crisp 1.66:1 aspect ratio image in an anamorphic frame , and it contains a 25 minute making-of featurette . Why could they not give this Peter Jackson movie the same treatment ?
 Well i had high hopes for this movie dispite its many negative reviews but in the end it ended up being a waste of an hour and a half . If i were a kid i might think some of the jokes funny but as an adult who has seen most of them all before this movie had little to offer and didnt shock or offend me but rather bored me . -LRB- spoiler -RRB- about the only memorable scene in the movie for me was the frog junky 's flashback to nam and even that wasnt very funny but i always enjoy deer hunter parodies and seeing it from a junky frogs perspective was mildly entertaining . The rest of the movie was pea soup vomit gags and lengthy dialogue that lead no where . One star for the attempt at humor and one star for pitty , not the worste way to spend your time but theres not enough weed in Jamaca to make this flick funny .
 Caught this on the SciFi channel on a rainy Sunday . How appropriate as any other time I would n't have given it a viewing . If it was n't for an almost fair script and acting I would have totally flipped the channel . The story revolves around a wacked out archeologist wanting to bring Ba'al back to life . Two people unite to stop his fiendish plot to become a god himself . I 've certainly scene better -LRB- pun intended -RRB- but after watchingMega Shark vs Giant Octopus / 30,000 Leagues Under the Sea , I 'm willing to give more latitude to other SciFi movies . Afterall the intelligent dialogue and directing -LRB- Ziller -RRB- here was certainly better . Even with this , watching a giant storm and boring people arguing about how to stop it just did n't keep me on the edge of my seat . If you enjoyed this , seek another opinion.CA Luster
 Ansolutely nothing memorable in this movie -- if I had n't bought it through Amazon marketplace for just a few dollars I would have been very upset with myself -- do n't buy this because it 's a waste ...
 Now I do n't mind movies taking liberties with archaeology and historical facts , as long as they are not stupid with it . This one was stupid . It somehow confounded the Dead Sea Scrolls -LRB- Hebrew about 2,000 year ago -RRB- with Sumerian -LRB- 4,000 years ago -RRB- or 12,000 years ago according to some stones in the movie . The two do not mix . They could have used some actual Sumerian/Akkadian tablets , but no one would have heard of them , hence the Dead Sea Scrolls . An old archaeologist is attempting to find and dig up 4 hidden Sumerian amulets buried around the world . These amulets were supposed to be well hidden so no one would find them and dig them up , except for maybe the one that had four markers by it ! One was placed in a nuclear test site because as a test site it has a lack of air . I did n't quite grasp that one , nor did I even try to figure out how the ancient Sumerians would know this would be a nuclear test site . Now after these amulets are dug up , a beam of light -LRB- 1980 's special effects -RRB- shoots out up to the sky and causes destruction . Why this old archaeologist and his team is doing this is uncertain , the old man believes it may cure his cancer , but the reasoning behind the madness is uncertain . The movie has a subplot at a highly guarded military weather center , which really does n't play much of a role , other than eat up some time and fill in some plot points . The lead actor , Jeremy London , runs around acting and looking like Brenden Fraser 's clone . His inability to act is seen after the first light beam shines up to the sky and he says `` Oh my God '' with a severe lack of emotion . The movie looks like it was made for TV . It has no bad language , sexual scenes or innuendos , or nudity . Not even a naked statue of Ishtar . Oh yes , it also invokes those fake Bible Codes .
 When I saw this cover I was sold to bad the movie was not that great oh well you win some you lose some .
 the plot is silly the acting horrid and the cgi boring and recycled in the movie . at such a high amazon price tag i thought it would be a sleeper , , , oh boy it was it put me to sleep.i was especially annoyed by the military uniforms that were randomly put together with absolutely no thought to realism , a leautenant wearing captains bars AND upside down corperals chevrons on his sleeve and that was a small example of the many problems . wasnt there anyone connected with this movie that was at least in the military ? apparently not.ignore the good reviews save your money and buy something else maybe ` swamp thing '
 If you going to make a movie using computer effects . Do NOT make the effects look like computer effects . Real computer effects look real . Very bad effects . The storyline was ok the acting was ok but for me the bad effects over shaddowed and thing else that was good .
 Touted as a female version of The Lost Weekend , this was Susan Hayward 's breakthrough role for which she was nominated for an Academy Award . -LRB- She would n't win until 10 years later with I Want to Live -RRB- . As a nightclub singer who marries and exchanges her career for the bottle , Hayward prefigures her alcoholic Lillian Roth in I 'll Cry Tomorrow , with the same physicality and her being a `` charming '' drunk -LRB- as opposed to a nasty one -RRB- . In her drunk scenes she even uses the facial grimaces that she would go further with in Tomorrow , and she 's willing to make herself look silly , with messy hair . Unfortunately an air of B-movie hangs over this production , and Hayward is yet to have the bullish bravado that would make her such an entertaining actress in the 1950 's . Things are n't helped by her doing her own singing since it is as ill-advised as in I 'll Cry Tomorrow . The B mentailty extends to the character of her also singing husband played by Lee Bowman . Bowman sounds as if his singing his dubbed , his acting is stiff , and when his wife starts drinking he never thinks to ask her why . His only reaction is stern disapproval . His pianist , Eddie Albert is far more sympathetic and `` modern '' in attitude towards Susan . It 's nice to see too that she kept him around for Tomorrow , though I could have done without his habit of chewing gum . The psychology of why Hayward drinks is based on her feelings of low self-esteem . When she marries , she abandons her career to play housewife and mother for Bowman but once he hits it big , and employs household staff and a nanny , Hayward becomes idle . She had drunk before she went on stage to sing but one glass at the most . Here her insecurities about her worth , including a fear that Bowman is being chased by his assistant Marsha Hunt , lead her to drink more . The word `` blame '' is thrown around a lot yet it seems Susan must be threatend by the death of her child in a fire before she is willing to face her problem , with an odd back to the camera admission , that seems to suggest that a sequel may have been contemplated ! In spite of this film running overtime , director Stuart Heisler provides some redemptive touches . A shot of Hayward and Bowman in shadow profile in their first embrace , some sadistic close-ups of the child in pneumatic pain , and a tart conversation between Hayward and Hunt which leads to a much talked of but disappointing catfight that is over before it has begun . Heisler also does n't manage to avoid the cliche of an unseen orchestra supporting a lone singer , particularly noticeable in a radio spot with Bowman and Albert .
 The film begins with a view of the New York Hospital where a woman lies bandaged in bed . She needs a drink . Then we see her life before as singer Angelica Evans in a nightclub . -LSB- Who is singing ? -RSB- She meets her friend Ken Conway -LRB- his band folded -RRB- . Will her singing career be ended by marriage ? Will a child bring happiness ? Do personal relationships help in show business ? Ken sings the Western songs popular in those days . -LSB- Who is singing ? -RSB- Angie has to go to the hospital and delivers a girl . Ken becomes more popular . Life is beautiful . Success means worrying about income tax . A performer must be prompted to become successful . What was she scared of ? Ken Conway becomes even more popular and successful . -LSB- What need does he fill ? -RSB- They move to Sutton Place on the upper East Side . It overlooks the East River where they can look down on people.Does Angelica begin drinking too much ? Will she have nightmares ? Is there stress ? `` Everything is just great . '' Or is it ? Martha will assist Ken in Chicago . Angel drank too much . Her baby gets sick , a special nurse is needed . Is there a problem in communicating ? The `` bobby-soxers '' love Ken Conway , Is idleness best for rich wives ? Does it cause alcoholism ? Can Angel cure herself ? Should she take more responsibility ? Will she grow suspicious ? Or lose her self-respect ? What next ? An angry drunk ? `` He 's gone , Mrs. Conway . '' She remembers nothing , its all a blank . Will there be a divorce ? Can she resume her career ? Will there e more conflict among those show-business people ? Will Angelica drink too much ? Can anyone save her ? Will they cover up the news ? Will a dropped cigarette cause a tragedy ? Dr. Lorenz provides a diagnostic over their problems , an explanation that cures the problems like a magic spell . All will be well again . Hollywood needs a happy ending for commercial success even if it departs from the past story.This film is a psychological drama about relationships in show business and other groups . How do their problems compare to `` Ma and Pa Kettle '' or other films that deal with ordinary people ? The message of this movie is that some expert can solve problems by just talking about them . That does not always cure the underlying causes of problems . Do such problems occur when a husband becomes more successful in other areas of society ?
 Do I have to explain the purpose of a review ? My previous review had nothing to do with whether or not I like Burning Spear . It was completely about the actual DVD from production , quality , and song selection . It is sad that the previous reviewers are simply commenting on Burning Spear . If your point is to give him more respect , praise , and turn more people on to him , then this is definitely the wrong forum . I would suggest buying the original CD `` Live in Paris '' and leave it at that ... Please do n't waste your money as I did on this pile of @ # $ ! Someone has put it out to obviously collect money from suckers who really wanted to see the performance . I 'm sure even Winston Rodney would agree -LRB- although off the record . -RRB-
 After waiting for years to finally see the concert footage from what I have always considered one of my favorite reggae CDs/Albums , this was disappointing beyond belief . I 'm not sure what the other reviewers were watching and if they even watched it , all I can say is that they must work for the production company . This production is soooooooooo sub par , and the audio even worse . There is no apparent cohesion to the DVD at all , we do n't even see a third of the concert . The interviews are pointless and do n't give any ensight into Winston Rodney . -LRB- I 've seen interviews with him and this does him no justice . -RRB- I ca n't really explain the level of my disappointment after waiting sooooo long for this to finally appear ...
 I love biker flicks , even if they are n't the same quality as `` Easy Rider '' . However , there does come a point where even I have to shake my head and say to myself
 im so sorry i purchased this video ... bauval may be brilliant as a cutting edge archeologist but his presentation techniques are chaotic and he seems to ramble on about people not giving specifics in just about everything he spoke about . Problem is I cant even figure out what he WAS talking about . the sound quality was poor and the graphics even worse ... pictures were shown with no rhyme or reason and absolutly no explaination or how they connected with what bauval was rambling about ... he started to talk about the first time and then got lost with how his idea upset alot of people and the rest was just plain nonsense ... then somehow the video starts talking about robin hood ... what ???? the music was horrible ... some head bangers screaming while i desprestly tried to find the beginning of bauvals lecture ... should have known right from there that it was going to be downhill from there ... dont waste you money ... burn it first before you purchase this video
 The old canard about the Sphinx having been built 10k years ago - or 10k years BCE - has been around a long time . It 's no more valid now than it was then . Archaeological evidence and Egyptian records confirm that it 's an Old Kingdom structure contemporary with the nearby pyramids.The pyramids were , of course , not built by Martians or whatever little green/grey men you choose , nor by people from the fictional land of Atlantis . -LRB- Yes , fictional - Aristotle blew the whistle on that one centuries ago . -RRB- Again , archaeological evidence is conclusive . For instance , construction gang graffiti , mentioning Khufu by name , are found in Khufu 's pyramid on stones installed so that they have to be dug out in order to see the writing.The origin of Egyptian civilization occurred -LRB- surprise , surprise -RRB- in Egypt . Ancient remains and other evidence of its formative stages abound along the Nile . Characteristics of Egyptian civilization found further down in Africa do n't prove the usual silliness about Egyptian civilization being founded by Africans . In fact , Egyptian cultural influence passed into sub-Saharan Africa by way of Kush -LRB- not called the Sudan -RRB- . The Kushite kingdom - which developed far later than Egypt - adopted Egyptian writing , customs , and other cultural goodies . From Kush many of these things passed further south.Of course , if you cherry-pick your evidence and make wildly extravagant interpretation of what you cherry-picked , you can `` prove '' anything . This is n't to say that archeological orthodoxy has always been wrong - but the sorts of unscientific nonsense promoted by this DVD is always wrong.Go get a good modern book on Egyptian civilization and forget this merde .
 Ca n't even recommend this one for kids . It 's done in the cheapo still-frame `` squiggle '' animation style , fading from one still to the next . They tried to make it a fairy tale . A narrator in voice-over tells most of the story ; there is almost nothing remaining of Shakespeare 's script . It runs about a half-hour , and the effort to abridge and tidy it up for the eyes of children resulted in the nunnery scene -LRB- for example -RRB- vanishing as mysteriously as does Ophelia . The lines it includes are mangled beyond recognition.While Hamlet is n't a story for children -LRB- so why make the adaptation ? -RRB- , this is just insulting . If you find anything worthwhile in Shakespeare 's story , do n't inflict this on your kids
 Extremely disappointing . I was hoping to share some scenes with my students to help them understand the play . I 'm afraid I would turn them off Shakespeare entirely if I showed them even a touch of this version .
 this movie is a recording of the play . The sound is a little off , but it is extremely accurate . I watched it for a ckass and suffered through it for the accuracy , follwing with the book . It is a weird story to begin with , but waching it in play form was slightly boring .
 What the heck is wrong with The History Channel ? They re-cycle all of the video graphics and scenes into ad nauseum . They have several hours of programing that can be rightfully pared down to less than an hour .
 The History Channel puts on some very good documentaries , but unfortunately when they transfer them to DVD they do n't do any re-editing . When these shows are originally aired on TV , there are commercial breaks of increasing frequency , and before every break there 's a `` peek '' at what 's coming up ; after the break there 's a recap of what 's gone before . This is annoying enough WITH the commercials , but without it , one ends up watching the same footage over and over and over until it gets to the point of there being about two minutes ' content per segment , bracketed by five minutes of recap and another five of `` coming up ! '' I finally had to just turn this off as it was managing to bore me to death while , at the same time , driving me crazy -LRB- no small achievement if you think about it -RRB- . This seems to be a pattern with History Channel DVDs , which is a pity because the program content is wonderful , but save your money and , if you want to see these messes , rent them from NetFlix .
 I love the topics covered in this 7 episode collection , even if most really are n't about storms per se.But ... After every commercial break , obviously not shown here on DVD , there 's a recap of what was just discussed just a few minutes before ... something we expect if a show was continued from the week before . Does the History Channel think we all have ADD ? Is it a way to grab the attention of channel surfers?But when it 's a continuous episode , the repetition of content/graphics within each episode gets to be a distraction then extremely annoying . How many times do we have to be told the same scientists are out to prove the same theory ! WE ALREADY KNOW THAT!Each episode is really 20 minutes of content stretched into an hour show . I ca n't give this collection more than 2 of 5 stars . Best borrow the series from your local library than waste money on this collection .
 The DVD version of this is badly butchered . Almost 30 min . has been cut -LRB- even though the movie states 96 min. , you will not actually be watching a 96 min . movie -RRB- . Idiocy .
 When a friend told me that there was a sequel to the classic `` House Without a Christmas Tree , '' I was thrilled . In fact , I had actually forgotten that there was a second in the series . However , after saving up the money to buy this video , I wish I had spent the money on something else.The moral of this second installment about Addie helping out an old geezer on a farm is a nice idea , but heck , I was so bored I was hoping for the turkey to come out of the oven and baste itself . I would have been more entertained with this . It was nice to see the regulars Mildred Natwick , Jason Robards and Lisa Lucas -LRB- maybe -RRB- , but I 'm all ready to sell this on ebay or Amazon . Watch at your own risk .
 The first two skits were quite funny , but after that I ca n't even say it went downhill . It was a sheer drop off a high cliff . The remaining skits ranged from not funny to crude with offensive language . The best that my 171/2 year old son had to say about it was that it was n't funny . I filed this DVD where it belonged
 Usually I am a huge Rowan Atkinson/Mr Bean fan . However , this is one of his flops . The only reason this received a two star and not two is there about two areas where one gets a small laugh .
 I gave this as a gift for my wife , but she was not pleased with it . It was not very funny and she 's a fan of Rowan Atkinson .
 I think Atkinson is best viewed without dialogue . With slapstick we do n't get his vulgar juvenile mind . Not worth the money .
 We are B-I-G Mr. Bean fans . We have all of his movies , his entire regular series , and just enjoy his crazy , funny , clean persona . While we understood that this was n't just his `` Bean '' character , we DID N'T realize that it was chocked full of simply obscene , most embarrasing bits that focus on subjects that very few fathers would want to watch with their son or daughter present , at ANY age . What a disappointment . I rarely write negative reviews , but felt compelled to do so . I simply could n't imagine watching it with anyone , and felt shamed watching it even alone . I 'm so glad that Mr. Atkinson moved beyond this coarse and vulgar humor .
 My three-year old grandson loves anything to do with firetrucks and firemen , but he did n't like this DVD . It was ridiculous . The two actors were really cheesy and stupid .
 Gone with the Wind has to be one of the worst if not the worst films in American history ! it was a horrible , boring , ludicrous attempt to copy another movie . i think i liked this movie the first time I saw it when it was called `` My Giant '' . if you agree with me email me at burtoncurry14@hotmail.com
 Even if one grants that GWTW is a product of its time , it remains a deeply racist -LRB- and sexist -RRB- movie that inculcates its viewers with a longing for a past that never truly was . In all the positive reviews below , not one person seems willing to step up and defend this shockingly ugly film . GWTW should be viewed not as a wonderful romantic film , but as the racist document that it is . Certainly we can acknowledge the power and historical significance of a film like `` Birth of a Naiton '' and , at the same time , deplore its racist content . GWTW is a far more offensive film for sugarcoating its racism and making it palatable to generations.Everyone who loves this film should be required to give a good hard read of ` Cold Mountain ' , a more representative view of Southern ` gentlemen ' . Now , as far as the paltry ` extras ' on the DVD , if I were seeking any extras it would be a documentary about the true nature of the south and slavery , not the fairy tale ` Lost World ' presented in this flick . It is sad that far too many people view this film as an accurate reflection of the antebellum South -LRB- the filmmakers among them -RRB- and not as fantasy with all the realism of the Land of Oz from that other film released in the same year.That said , the film 's other painful flaws involve Vivien Leigh 's patented portrayal of a mentally ill woman -LRB- see Streetcar Named Desire -RRB- , without acknowledging that she has deep and serious psychological problems that need to be addressed -LRB- not the least of which is her joyful response to having been raped -RRB- . Olivia de Havilland 's exceptionally bland performance of a ` saint ' makes her character appear mentally retarded , but a perfect match for the non-performance of Leslie Howard as Ashley.I , personally , found Clark Gable 's performance the only truly satisfying performance in the film . Although why he is attracted by that ninny , I 'll never know.I put off watching GWTW for many years and now I 'm somewhat sorry I have seen it . I 'm even more sorry that it does n't come with a warning label reading `` Racist fantasy enclosed '' if it need be available at all .
 Gone with the Wind -LRB- Victor Fleming , 1939 -RRB- I have hated Gone with the Wind for decades based on little snatches of it that I 've seen here and there over a long period of time . I thought that , perhaps , I might be giving it short shrift , so a few nights ago , I sat down to watch the entire four-hour extravaganza from beginning to end . It somehow does n't surprise me that I now hate the film in an entirely new , more passionate , more comprehensive way than I did previously.My main bone of contention is not that the film is far , far too long for the skimpy subject matter it explores -- an hour and a half running time might have helped immensely -- but that Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler , in the final ninety minutes of the film , break the cardinal rule -- they manage to screw everything up by simply not talking . These are incredibly stupid , shallow people . Why have generations wasted four hours on this twaddle ? And why do some do it every year ? I 've heard many people refer to it as a great romance ; maybe this is a good portion of what 's wrong with America today . If this is your idea of a great romance , folks , then perhaps you need to go back to the well and think a little more about what constitutes a great romance . I 'm pretty sure that philandering , jealousy , all the character depth of a piece of onionskin , and a decided lack of intelligence should not be contributing factors.While the visual spectacle of the thing is inarguable , everything else about it -- the pace , the characterization , the script , all of it -- are just plain awful . And the romance ? There is none . *
 This is a complex film . For technical aspects , it has few rivals . The cinematography is majestic , reminding us of the epics that Hollywood used to make -- `` Ben Hur -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , '' and `` The Ten Commandments -LRB- 50th Anniversary Collection -RRB- . '' The pacing is superb , and as well done as the best episodes of `` 24
 at no point in this movie does anyone 's head explode in flames . truly great films such as welcome to spring break recognize the need for such scenes , but this movie clearly fails to understand the emotional resonance a burning head can create . if you want to see a truly great movie , check out welcome to spring break .
 I ca n't begin to list all of the reasons I hate this film . One would be the way it glorifies a southern past that never existed.Sure , life was reasonably pleasant , provided you were rich and white . For poor whites and for blacks , living in the old south was short , brutal and hellishly hot . Romanticizing that period of time makes as much sense as making a movie glorifying the Nazi regime 's `` golden years . `` Then there was Scarlett , whose only talent was sleeping with men who had money . No talent , no virtue , no redeeming qualities whatsoever , just an appetite and the willingness to do any man with a few dollars in his pocket.Ah , but most disgusting of all was the portrayal of the slaves , blissfully content in their lives of menial labor and sorrowful at the approach of the northern armies that would liberate them.I 've heard defenders of this piece of drivel say that it should n't be judged by modern standards . That 's a silly argument that assumes that black inferiority , acceptance of slavery and sleeping your way to the top were accepted values in the 1930s . They were n't , except in such enlightened corners of the world as Jackson , Mississippi and Selma , Alabama.Shallow , sickening and juvenile , GWTW should itself be carried away by a cleansing wind into the dustbin of history.BTW , I 'm an Atlanta native and a lifelong southerner . I 've done the historical research . So you ca n't dismiss me as an ignorant Yankee .
 For such a great film ... Why did ` nt they release this in a widescreen edition , as it original theatrical release . I will certainly purchase the `` Collector 's Edition '' when it comes out .
 I really expected with blu-ray formatting for this to be wide screen , but it was n't . Sadly disappointed !!!
 Okay , why the heck bother write a bad review of this movie ? If you think this is a great classic work , you 'll likely think I 'm a moron that could n't understand it . Oh well , so be it . I just happened to watch the movie recently , and I just could n't stand it.Early in the movie , Rhett says to Scarlett , in effect , `` you and me , baby , we 're a pair of lousy people , you 're made for me babe ! '' So why on earth does anybody care to watch nearly four hours of a couple of lousy people doing really lousy things ? I seriously do n't get it at all!But Rhett is too hard on himself , he ai n't nearly the equal of Scarlett . Four hours of listening to Scarlett whine and cry at the drop of a hat - Christ I needed some earplugs!I 'll have to say , the second hour , involving the burning of Atlanta was the best of the movie . In the first hour , we see Scarlett as a spoiled rich brat entirely unprepared for war . In the second hour , we see her , eventually , pull together some amount of strength . She 's kicking and screaming every moment , but she does , finally help deliver the child . And we see Scarlett , just before the intermission , give her famous , `` with God as my witness , I 'll never grow hungry again . '' So , I 'm thinking , hey , I guess Scarlett is going to stop whinning and bawling every damn second . And I figured Scarlett was going to be transformed into a likable character with her war experience to be her impetis to transformation.But NOOOoooo , that 's not it at all ! What we see is Scarlett continue to whine and cry at every instant , only it is now more calculated . Just designed to get try to get her every whim . The entire second half was just unwatchable . Frankly , I do n't give a damn about this most lousy , overrated piece of garbage of all time .
 One of the worst films ever made , period . I will never , ever , understand the fascination with this film , it is awful in so many ways :1 -RRB- It is at least 2 hours too long , it just goes on and on and on and you wish someone would just put these people -LRB- and you -RRB- out of their misery .2 -RRB- Had nothing -LRB- repeat , NOTHING -RRB- to do with the Cival War . If you want a movie about the Cival War then watch GLORY , the best Cival War movie ever made . It is nothing more than an Episode of Dynasty with nice sets and costumes .3 -RRB- So full of stereotypes it makes you cringe . From the southern Belles who act as if lifting a feather is too difficult for them , to the black slaves who do everything but eat watermelon , it is just sickening to watch .4 -RRB- The script
 Why is it that most movie `` classics '' that are cheered and applauded today turn out to be incredibly lousy?I purchased Gone With The Wind on DVD for my mom nearly a year ago , but it was n't until this September that we were able to sit down and watch it . And perhaps I 've been spoiled by such epics as `` Lord of the Rings '' and `` Spider-Man '' , but I simply did not find Gone with the Wind enjoyable at all . No , it was n't simply because there was n't epic battles or superhero combat , but because the story itself was not entertaining.THE PLOT
 The greatest film ever made ? The culmination of 1930s cinema ? Hardly.Gone With the Wind has got to be the most overrated film of all time . It is essentially a soap opera made on a grand scale . We watch as Scarlett O'Hara whines her way through the Civil War and Reconstruction while doing stupid things like lusting after her married cousin Ashley Wilkes and using everyone in sight . Meanwhile , roguish Rhett Butler spends the next four hours grinning and laughing at her exploits in bemusement . Much like those stupid soap operas on TV , we are expected to be enthralled as the plot goes from nowhere to nowhere and self-destructive characters do self-destructive things . At least those soap operas last only an hour at most instead of the four hours in this film . What 's worse , after the four hours are up , the film does n't even come to an end ! Instead , Rhett gives his famous `` Frankly my dear , I do n't give a damn '' line . My thoughts exactly.My mother informs me that the point of the film is that the immoral Scarlett O'Hara is strong and can survive the hard times , while the moral Ashley Wilkes is weak and fails . Huh ? Scarlett does n't seem to handle her hardships very well to me while Ashley shoulders the burdens and never complains . It struck me that Scarlett is weak and Ashley is strong.Another thing that irritated me about this film is the poor period detail . The whole movie seems like a filmed play , which is what it is . We have to take the character 's word for it that there is a war going on somewhere beyond the set walls -LRB- the war is never once shown in the film . -RRB- I know , some people are going to say that this was made in the thirties and that 's how movies were made then , but I 've seen films earlier that this -LRB- The Birth of a Nation , The General -RRB- that look authentic to this day . Then there 's Max Steiner ' score , he essentially repeats the same theme over and over again for four hours.I have tried numerous times to watch this movie all the way through in one sit and failed every time . I have had to watch it in half hour spurts to get through the entire film . And I 'm an old movie buff . It 's that painful .
 Gone With The Wind is a film that is hailed by critics and audiences both as being a true masterpiece of cinema . The fact is though , that most people , in order not to be bashed , simply view the film with the thought in mind that if they actually find flaws in it , then they will be ridiculed by others . I think this film is very overrated , and is not that great . I love classic films , and I have seen more than enough to know what is good and what is n't . I thought the story dragged in places , the acting was over done , and there was n't enough going on to keep the film interesting . While it did have great color and great camera work , it was still a bad film . One of the few classic films that I did not like , but this is just my opinion . I can honestly say I could have gone my whole life without ever seeing this film , and I would not lose any sleep over it . Judge for yourself .
 This movie was as painful as reading &#34; The Jungle . &#34; One disappointment after another made me absolutely sick of Scarlett halfway through the movie , and her behavior just got worse . There 's no doubt that this movie is an epic and was well made , but I found myself willing myself to finish the movie because of the dreadful conduct of its protagonist . I know many others will disagree with me , and I would allow that this movie should be considered a classic -LRB- pretty hard to argue with its box office success -RRB- . Personally , though , I barely survived my viewing .
 It keeps stopping , I pause it and start it up again the volume doesnt start right away , so you dont know what there saying , I pause it and start it and it keeps saying try again later ca n't connect , waste of money , wo n't watch a amazon movie again !!!
 I 've heard many fine things about `` Gone with the Wind '' and criteria is usually the mark of quality so I was suprised to see a well-done but strangely shallow film . The acting is first-rate -- who could be more tempremental as Scarlett O'Hara than Vivien Leigh , more dashing as Rhett Butler than Clark Gable or more angelically good as Melanie than Olivia di Havilland ? -- and the cienematography , art direction and costume design is undeniably gorgeous but from here on I part company with the film 's devotees.The first problem I had was the direction of the writing material . The dialogue is shallow , the characterizations cardboard and the political overtones appalling . Scarlett O'Hara is a royal shrew who whines and connives her way through life while her family and friends struggle to put up with her antics . You sit scratching your head wondering if she 'll let all the trials and tribulations throughout the plot slowly transform her into a mature , sensible and charming woman . She never does even when it looks like it might happen . Secondly , the screenplay writer 's bias to the `` Good Ol' South '' made my stomach hurt -LRB- and I 'm a Florida cracker , so do n't dismiss me as an ignorant Yankee . -RRB- Apparently , slaves are DYING to be with their masters and fight the ` evil ' Yankees . I 'm not saying a slave would n't feel moral obligations towards his master if his master treated him well -LRB- such as in Mammy 's case -RRB- but it stretched credulity to have a whole group of slaves march off to fight for the South . And that one scene , where it 's implied but never shown that the Ku Klux Klan goes out at night to clean out a nest of highwaymen for the safety of the community -- JEEPERS -- you must be joking . I really had a hard time swallowing THAT one . Why not tell the truth about how slave-traders ran brothels to make more slaves to sell , beat their field workers to death and subjected them to other unspeakable crueties?No , I 'm not an insensitive young whippersnapper who hates old movies . I like On the Waterfront , To Kill a Mockingbird , Ben-Hur , etc. -RRB- What 's so special about On the Waterfront is Terry 's character development . How he grew from a charming , rude punkish scoundrel and D and D sheep to a fearless warrior for the cause of truth and justice on the docks . What 's so special about To Kill a Mockingbird is how Atticus Finch stood up in court for what he sincerely believed was the truth even though nearly everyone ridiculed him simply because the man he defended was black . But where was that in Gone With the Wind ? I did n't see it?The only reason I can think of as to why the media continues to praise `` Gone With the Wind '' as a landmark in the history of filmmaking is because they are afraid to contradict what has garnered heaps and heaps of praise throughout the decades . I say , wake up , forget the technical aspects -LRB- acting , film-working , direction , etc. -RRB- and judge a film for what it really is.Two Stars .
 Re
 Amazon should not purchase dvds from this vendor . This is the second dvd of Gone with the wind i am returning for not playing on my desktop , laptop computers and blue ray dvd or any dvd player . As for the film , Gone with the wind is one of the top 10 movies ever made .
 It 's a good film and a romantic story , but please , for truth 's sake , do n't learn anything about history from this nonsense .
 The technology of this release is great , but why they ca n't release this in widescreen is an abomination to the movie . This could be one of the most spectacular movie releases ever , but they keep messing it up by sticking with the pan-and-scan `` full '' screen version . One of these days someone will wise up and put out the `` right stuff '' widescreen version .
 The movie loaded but the picture was in a square box format and would not play at full 1080p resolution to fill the screen . It filled about half the screen . It was NOT in the letter box shape but rather a smaller square format . It was played in a panasonic blu-ray player with the latest firmware applied . Even when I accessed the screen aspect control it would still not change to a full screen or letter box format . I am returning it .
 The package states 2 disc anniversary package . There is only one disc -LRB- Part 2 -RRB- of the movie in the package . I was very disappointed and dissatisfied .
 This edition of the movie is very disappointing to me . I received it as a Christmas present and have I been aware of its poor contents , I would have never wanted it . I have nothing against the movie itself , because it is a classic film which I like very much . My dissatisfaction deals with this edition.First of all , it shows on the box everything that it contains , but when you open it , the material is not the quality that you expected it to be . The eight limited edition lobby card prints are in strange colours including dark pink and blue and do not in any way resemble the naturally colourful prints of the lobby cards shown on the box itself . For example , a lobby card entitled '' Scarlett O'Hara enlists the aid of Hattie McDaniel as she prepares to meet Rhett Butler . '' On this card Hattie McDaniel has a dark pink turban on her head , and all the colors are off and most of all , this lobby card was not even supposed to be in this box at all , because it is not one of the eight shown on the box flyer . This applies to all the lobby cards in this set on which all colours are very weird , and the cards do not resemble in any way the ones shown on the box flyer . This false advertising , also applies to the DVD itself , because on the paper flyer displaying the contents , the DVD cover appears to be plastic not paper like it is in reality , once you open the box . There are also six b & w photos of which three are not as sharp as the other three . Perhaps this is due to the fact that they could have used original film negatives to reproduce the last three pictures , but why enhance the quality of the first three and not the rest?The DVD , aside from the fact that you have to flip it over to see the rest of the movie , has no sticker on the CD , which would make it nicer if there was and it is somewhat difficult to tell which side is A and which B , because the letters that label the sides are small . Furthermore , the DVD comes in a paper cover , which means that you can this exact DVD separately , without any extra things , and is available in this paper edition in most stores . I admit that the lack of special features was surprising as well , the only thing included is a movie trailer , wow , why bother listing any special features then?The movie poster is good , except , for those of us who were hoping to hang it on a wall . There is a problem , because it is folded , and there is no way of getting rid of those folding lines , even if you tried straightening it out . Finally , the only piece of this package that is relatively satisfactory is the senitype image from the movie.In conclusion , if this edition cost less money and you received what is in this box , knowingly , meaning the lobby cards would appear on the cover of the box , in its weird colours , exactly what they look like once you open the box , there would be no need to complain , because you would get what you are shown and hopefully for the right amount of money too . Of course for the price that they want for it , if the contents were as they should be in proper colors and some additional changes were made , it would be a good buy . You can buy all those things for the same price separately and probably get a better selection of photos too , so this edition is not worth it . Trust me , wait until the studio re-releases this movie again in a better edition and one worthy of this classic film .
 I watched Gone with the Wind and I did n't like it as much as I thought I would and I think this movie is very highly overrated!I would n't watch this movie again ! Once was enough !
 I ca n't understand why everyone is so nuts about this movie . I fell asleep before Tape 2 ! That movie must have been good for its day , but not here . An overall bust .
 GONE WITH THE WIND the movie is ok as a movie but a lot of people think that out of knee jerk reactions.The silly remakrs by Rhett about the North being `` richer '' or having more men to send into battle was FALSE .4 MILLION BLACK SLAVES -LRB- at least half men -RRB- were used by the Confederates for the dangerous and/or dirty tasks and the South had a lot of foreign EMPIRES in their pocket including the British one.Indeed it was Abe Lincolns tender heartedness that let the South advance a little too far -- and see how they paid him back!Shot him from behind and then rang `` church '' bells when they heard the news ...
 I 'm a big film buff ; I can assure you this is NOT the greatest movie ever made . Overblown and overly long -LRB- even the opening credits last longer than they should ! -RRB- , engrossed with its own sense of enormity , not exactly true to history -LRB- `` See ? the slaves were actually happy ! '' -RRB- , and much of the acting and dialogue feels dated . But the worst aspect of this film has to be the shrill , unattractive Scarlett O'Hara . I 'm not criticizing Vivien Leigh 's performance , and she is a very beautiful woman ; it 's just impossible to get into the movie when the protagonist is so unsympathetic and inexplicably drawn to the total cad Ashley . I give it 2 stars ; one for its importance in the history of filmmaking , and one for the hilarious and touching performance by Clark Gable , perhaps the only reason to view this film more than once . If you really want the greatest film ever made , try Casablanca or Citizen Kane ; and if you just ca n't live without color and BIG production values , try the much more inventive and charming The Wizard of Oz .
 We do n't need reviews on how good or bad the movie was . It 's been around since 1939 . People have made up their minds about it . However , we do want to know about the technical aspects of the disc and the format . I have ordered this disc but in checking the technical information I was apalled to see that the aspect ratio is 1.33 to 1 . Is that true ? Mon Dieu ! Then why buy this disc ? That 's why I 've given it only one star . I 'll change it if the actual format is greater .
 How can anyone seriously criticize this film ? Well , some people can , but that 's not my point . The point is that this is the greatest American film since `` Birth of a Nation . '' Watch in awe as Scarlett and Ashley pine for the bygone days when the soft high sound of Negro laughter rises like the Louisiana marsh mist from the decrepit , rat-infested slave quarters swimming in lice and feces . Chortle with Rhett as he sprays misogyny across Georgia like an alley cat with a urinary tract infection . Pray with the Confederacy as it bravely attempts to defend time-honored traditions of patriarchal subjugation , racist contempt for human life and belligerent arrogance bordering on the psychotic . Boo and hiss as uppity Negroes humiliate the once proud South by asking for things like civil rights and a decent standard of living . Cheer for Scarlett -LRB- again -RRB- as she pops all her scruples like over-ripe zits in her pathological quest for a goal even she does n't understand . And finally , share in the triumph of the filmmakers as they achieve the astounding feat of creating sympathy and admiration for one of the most sordid and shameful chapters in American history . Can you think of any reason modern audiences might not be totally pleased with this sugar-coated atavism ? I sure ca n't .
 First of all . An irish family could not get that high in society in the 1860s . Second of all . Scarlet was such a snot who was mean to the people who did the kindest things for her . Also it was a hideous soap opera . Scarlet would merry one person . They would die and she would not care a bit . She was in it for the money . Where is the 0 star rating?If she were to get killed I might just start clapping !
 The portrayal of African Americans in this movie is a disgrace . The movie is glorifying the old south and thus glorifying slavery . When I watched this racist flick -- I rooted for General Sherman ! Slavery was wrong -- the south was wrong -- the right side won -- get over it ! This is like a sugar coated `` Birth of a Nation '' . -LRB- and the story is boring as well -RRB-
 The movie would n't play any longer than the first 30 minutes . Tried everything for two days then gave up very frustrated !
 Gone with the Wind -LRB- Two-Disc Edition -RRB- One of my favorate Movies of all time ...
 While most will argue with me , I must begin by saying that I was not impressed with the overall final results of this `` epic '' . The hype surrounding it , the overuse of Rhett 's infamous line in pop culture , and the fact that most people rave about this being one of the most romantic films ever produced set my standards extremely high . I wanted to be blown away by the scenes , I wanted characters that would invite me into their worlds and never make me leave , I wanted tragedy on a grand scale , but alas , that was n't what I witnessed with Gone with the Wind . Somehow I ending this film with a sense of astonishment , a sense of being robbed , and not at all the romantic film I thought I would be enjoying . Instead I saw hatred , sexism , racism , alcoholism , anti-love , pro-Confederacy , and ignorance all rolled up together into a two-disc packaging , which would be later called Gone with the Wind . It was embarrassing to watch and call as one of our `` greatest love stories ever '' . While it may show us what society was like during a pre-Civil War era , that does n't mean we have to condone it and embrace it.I realize that the point of this film was to show us a different side of the war . That all Southerners were not fueled by hatred and surrounded by a violent slavery system . Instead , there was quite a bit of beauty to the old South . A sense of pride , a sense of gentlemanly nature , and a sense of honor , which was difficult to witness being trampled on as the North continued its destructive war path . In that sense , I think it gave us a glimpse of what we lost with the Civil War . That image of the South was beautifully captured in this film . This film gives us some of the most beautiful sights of lavish plantations , beautiful greens , and civilized parties . The technical aspects of this film are astonishing . While I will agree with most that a widescreen version of this film may have swayed me to giving it one more star , the full screen still demonstrated the amazing sights of the South . The wide shots of the mansions , the bustling Atlanta area , and terror/tragedy of war was beautifully captured in this film . For that , I can not fault this film , but what I can fault it for are the stereotypes , the shallow characters , and the faded ending that just did n't seem to match the overall tone of the film.To begin , the stereotypes . While most will say that the stereotypes in this film accurately depict the voice of the South , I just did n't feel comfortable watching it in today 's society . I realize that this was made back in 1938 , but I still did n't feel comfortable with slavery , sexism , and ignorance surrounding these characters . Does that make this film dated ? Perhaps if I witnessed our characters going through some form of change I would have softened a bit , but I did not see that at all . With the continual struggles that minorities have in cinema today , is it wise to continue to think of this film as a masterpiece of cinema ? Is it worth of all the accolades that it received ? No . In fact , I am surprised that this film has n't been shunned by a majority of communities during each release . This is a pinnacle example of what obstacles African Americans are trying to overcome in today 's Hollywood.There are those that speak so highly of Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh 's chemistry , but for me , it was non-existent . I did not see why there are those that fall over this film and praise the story . I thought that Leigh was horrid as the early Southerner turned feminist . Gable was so inconsistent with his character that I did n't know whether to love him or hate him . There was no chemistry or connection between Leigh and Gable . They were together because the director -LRB- which this film eventually went through three of them -RRB- knew that audiences would want to see them either together or going to get together by the end . The rest of it was just trivial . With the fuzzy direction of Leigh 's character , you never quite felt that Scarlett had an ounce of passion in her heart . She wanted what she could n't have , like a spoiled child , and that was reflected again with the inconsistent ending . Gable 's character of Rhett was underdeveloped . We knew nothing about this man except that he randomly continued to jump in and out of Scarlett 's life . Where did his wealth come from ? What was his past ? Who knows ... and none of it was fully explained . This can be said the same with Ashley . Who was this guy ? Why did Scarlett choose him over the other possible suitors ? Was it simply because she could n't have him , or because of some darker reason ? Did anyone else notice that she was Irish , not quite the Southern belle that we had originally hoped for ? Overall , these characters hurt and built upon the ultimate downfall of this film . They were forgettable from the first time that we met them until the very end of the film . Underdeveloped , unintelligent , and downright dull . All elements that gave us too long of a film centered on nothing.Overall , I just did n't see what all the hype was surrounding this film . Our society has moved forward from this period , but do we need to be reminded of it continually by giving this film more and more accolades ? I do n't think so . I do not wish to see this film again and hope that it does not continue to be a staple of our cinematic society . From the unexciting , unloving characters -LRB- of which we all hate , yet are supposed to love by the end -RRB- to smile on Scarlett 's face after the marital rape scene , this movie was a disaster.Grade
 There is more offensive racist content in the opening credits of this film than in the entirety of the wonderful `` Song Of The South '' -LRB- set in the post-Civil War south -RRB- currently being suppressed by Disney . Hattie McDaniel richly deserved her Academy Award -LRB- and is likewise wonderful in SOTS , which also gives us a glimpse of her musical talent -RRB- , but the glorification of the culture of slavery that permeates every frame of the film is disgusting and is not redeemed by the overblown production values . The choppiness of the storyline reflects the lack of continuity due to multiple directors and re-writes , and the last hour is especially tedious . Why this film is glorified and `` Song Of The South '' suppressed is beyond me . '' ... A civilization Gone With The Wind '' ... if only that were true ; the current series of noose-hangings throughout my own New York-New Jersey metropolitan area proves that racism is the dirty little gift that keeps on giving . At the very least , this film requires a disclaimer for younger audiences , as Warner has done with various vintage cartoon collections .
 When I purchased this , I thought it was a DVD , not a download . I never downloaded it . It was not clear on the website .
 Quite possibly the most overrated movie of all time . Who wants to spend five hours listening to a bunch of spoiled , racist brats ? I 'd rather slap Scarlett than kiss her . If this is what The Old South was really like , then thank God those damn Yankees won . I 'd of marched with Gen. Sherman anytime !
 I am completely disappointed that this is a standard format DVD . Gone With The Wind should never be anything but letterbox . It is heinous to chop off part of the screen . People . Standard format cuts off 1/4 of the original movies . They list no info for this movie on the site , but a picture of the back cover . 2 disks are not warranted either . Can I return it after opening ??? I refuse to watch it this way .
 This movie is terrible . But , hey , it 's long so that makes it okay .
 We are studying the Civil War in my sophomore American History class , and everybody must read a book about the Civil War , so i took on the challenge of reading GWTW . Wow . What an amazing book . No other book can make you love and hate a character at the exact same time . It will be hard to enjoy other books when you compare them to GWTW . So , after reading it i just HAD to watch the movie . I could n't even finish it . It left out a lot from the book , and you did n't get to know the characters as well . I do realize that it was made in the late thirties , and that it would take hours and a narrator to include everything in the book , but it was still a disappointment . But if you liked the movie , you MUST read the book . Do n't be scared by the size ! And the first four hundred pages worth of actionless descriptions are necessary in order to lay a good foundation for the greatest story ever told . < - and that is an understatement !!! Please read this book ! You will never be the same !
 This is one of the best Movies of all time I would highly recommend it for the content and the story -LRB- of the old South -RRB- but the Blu-Ray edition of this Movie is very POOR , buy the regular DVD NOT the Blu-Ray on the Blu-Ray DVD the screen ratio does not fill the Screen when viewed .
 Good morningI didnt see anything special on this anniversary eddition . Dissapointed . The item was in good condition.RegardsAlejandra .
 I love Gone With the Wind . I have it on VHS . I love it so much I decided to upgrade to DVD.What a mistake . The soundtrack has been speeded up so fast that I ca n't even understand it-and I almost know it by heart . This is a ROTTEN , disappointing copy that ruins a great movie.DON ' T BUY THIS !!!
 THE QUALITY OF COLOR IS VERY INFERIOR . IT HAS A YELLOW , NOT TRUE TECNICOLOR , TONE AND LOOKS LIKE A VERY POOR REPRODUCTION . I HAVE WATCHED THIS MOVIE REPLAYED ON HDTV AND IT IS ALTOGETHER BETTER THAN FROM THE DVD BLU-RAY . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!! I HAVE IT READY TO RETURN . CAN YOU GIVE ME ADVISE ON HOW BEST TO HANDLE THIS . &#34; GONE WITH THE WIND &#34;
 I tell my family that I do n't like this film and they think I am crazy - but I am not . This movie has to be the worst of all !!! For one thing - it is too long ! I have better things to do with 5 hours of my time . Plus - it is not an epic romance ! A good romance movie - it can not claim . The movie is basically about two alcoholic , money filled , greedy , rascist brats falling in love during a war which they totally portrayed wrong . I know - I was n't a live then . But I do know that that could n't have been how slavery was . They have a scene where they have the work bell , saying they could stop working , and they all smile and tlaking friendly and act almost happy about there surrondings ! I find that hard to believe - that they were happy about being slaves . Another thing - I hate all the characters . Scarlet is a brat , Gables character is a brat , Ashley is boring , Melanie is too quiet and boring - and she never expresses her self . She should go up and slap Scarlet . My recommendation - never see this movie !!!!!! I would rather eat rocks !
 Gone With The Wind fables the story of a whiny southern belle in an era where she 's the last one who should be whining.It 's about 3 hours , thats like two tapes of her stomping and moaning over how some guy she loved `` frankly doesnt give a damn '' . The film climaxes as she decides what to wear to the ball . This film , which has been hailed as one of the greatest films of all time by the society of morons , is comparable to any `` Ernest '' movie . That is , without the laughs . So if you own a copy throw it out .
 I am not a literature guru but I recently saw gone with the wind for the first time after hearing all my life how great it was and how people go on and on about Scarlet O'Hara . Scarlet is a conniving , selfish , petty , rich kid that despite her numerous chances to grow a conscience never did . She is infatuated with a married man like a squealing schoolgirl and tries to make him jealous all the time . For some bizarre reason she married a man that she had utter contempt for and then mourned his death in the war for about 5 minutes . She later steals her sister 's true love by lying to get his money -LRB- she had already tried this with Rhett but had failed -RRB- . Why did she need money ... to save her precious real estate . It seemed that Rhett was as slimy as she was so when they finally married it seemed like a match made in Vegas . Rhett started to develop some character , however , and actually passed her on the morality interstate so that she was now the lowest one in the movie . She never got Ashley even after repeatedly trying to seduce him . She also was constantly stabbing his wife Melanie , who thinks Scarlet is her best friend , in the back . It 's hard for Melanie to see the deception since she is busy helping injured soldiers at the hospital . Melanie is the most noble character in the movie and the only reason I gave it 2 stars . Scarlet O'Hara ... a clinic in depravity .
 ok , we have
 Why anyone would call this racist drivel a great film is beyond me . I could barely sit through it . Scarlett O'Hara is so self absorbed as to be totally uninteresting - why should we care about this womanwho undergoes zero character development ? That 's not the real problem with the movie though . The suggestion , throughout the movie , that slavery was not that bad and the the slaves would really have preferred their masters to those mean old Yankees is the most offensive part of the movie . Creepy . Cringe worthy .
 Okay on the plus side I was amazed at their sets and costumes for 1939 . It was truly amazing and sometimes beautiful . The acting was also pretty good . However , the plot was just not that entertaining and very very long . Scarlett 's character never develops , it just stays the same , which is boring to see over four hours . None of the characters really go through any changes they are all just as stationary at the end as they were four hours before.To top that off the movie was an absolute tradgedy , but I found myself not knowing whether to laugh or cry . They just acted so dramatic about everything and though the movie was long so many tragic things happened on after the other I could have been watching a soap opera.Maybe it was funny to me because I was in `` Hooray for Hollywood '' at my highschool and there was a girl in the play trying to be dramatic and recite a monologue on all the scenes in Gone With the Wind in one minute . It really ended up being closer to four , but it was much more enjoyable and you got the whole plot in four minutes and you knew that Scarlett was self-centered and the other characters do n't really matter because they are bland and boring and Scarlett is really all anyone should care about anyway . -LRB- That 's what Scarlett would tell us -RRB- . It was fine once , but I do n't need to see it again for a long time .
 Siskel And Ebert were dead wrong.If I were to rate it from 1 to 100 Id rate it 0 . Not appropriate from children under the age of 76 . Only good if u r 90 or older.Corny and yet it was a hit in the 70 's . Where do they think of this junk . This movie is a horrible influence on children today . They should of never put it back in theatres and sell it where kids can get their hands on it .
 No matter how long this movie is it still was n't long enough to be true to the book . How could they cut two of Scarlett 's children ? I 'm so glad I read the book first because if I 'd seen this mess first I probably never would have bothered . The book was just cut to pieces . And this movie is a classic ? Vivian Leigh was a terrible Scarlett . I could hardly stand to watch her . This movie was overacted and just plain terrible . Read the book instead . At least then you get the whole , complete story .
 I wonder what kind of reception GWTW would have gotten had it come out in 1945 and been about a love affair between a man and woman in Nazi Germany . Imagine Rhett Butler as the dashing U-boat captain who constantly evades those pesky British destroyers in the North Atlantic . Picture Scarlett O'hara as the totally self-absorbed Fraulein who ca n't quite figure out what is in all those trains leaving town for central Europe because she is too busy thinking about a party dress . Despite the cinematic qualities of the film - which are undeniable - I can not get past the fact that it romanticizes a society based on an evil institution . Achtung , darling , I do n't give a damn .
 Starring Clark Gable , Vivien Leigh , Leslie Howard -LRB- and others -RRB- , I was looking forward to the movie . But it was not worth my time of watching for 2 hours , much less 4 whole hours . It seems that everyone loves the 1939 film of Gone with the Wind , but I do n't see the apparent greatness . It held my interest for a while , but the story seemed to disintegrate with each of Scarlett 's marriages . I found Hattie McDaniel 's role as Mammy to be the most interesting out of all the characters . Overall , I do n't feel like it was a satisfying movie to watch . At least I 've now watched it once , and hopefully will not ever have to watch it again .
 Gone with the Wind is a great film , but this Blu-ray is 1.33 fullscreen and does not have a wide screen option . Be ye warned !
 Gone with the Wind , is of course , often rated as the greatest movie in American film history , so there is no need to reivew the qualities of the actual movie . But with two discs , I was expecting at the very least a nice `` making of '' feature . However , the only extra feature here is a film historian doing a talk-over , if you select that option . But that 's it.The first fan review posted onAmazon -LRB- with about 150 `` helpful '' ratings -RRB- talks about all the extras that coime with it . But on subsequent reading , I see that he is talking about a four-disc set , not this 2-disc version . This is , of course , totally misleading , and I blame Amazon for posting it on the 2-disc listing . Indeed , I am thinking about demanding my money back because of that . As to the technical achievement of this version , the picture quality is impressive , but I can not agree about the sound quality being good . Like so many old movies on DVD , I have to keep the volume control close at hand so as to pump up the volume for any semi-quiet dialog , which is usually very bass-y and muffled sounding . Then , of course , the loud parts blast you off the couch , requiring a downward adjustment .
 If you look beyond the great acting , the magnificent sets , the sweeping landscapes and breathtaking cinematography , `` Gone With the Wind '' is little more than a high budget soap opera . Much of the movie is taken up by the very silly and unmoving romance between Scarlett and Rhett , two shallow characters who obviously do not belong together , and the various tragedies which befall them after they enter into a sham of a marriage -LRB- although it is often difficult to feel much sympathy for a couple living in lavish mansions -RRB- . The only thing which sets the film apart from the usual daily soap operas about self-desctructive rich people -LRB- besides its budget -RRB- is its backdrop of the Civil War . However , if you want to see a historical film which at least partially resembles reality , then do not watch `` Gone With the Wind '' . The picture the movie draws of the pre-Civil War south is an overly romantic one of beauty and wealth and civility . Sure , a very small elite of rich landowners did live a lovely and leisurely life in the old south , much like the one portrayed in the opening of the movie , but this was done on the backs of slaves . However , this film makes the old south look like an unspoiled paradise in which nobody had to work . The only thing spoiling this film 's picture of a perfect society is the spoiled-brat attitude of the egocentric Scarlett O'Hara , but she is clearly portrayed as an anomally as other characters try to put up with her antics.After the invaders from the north are shown to impose their way of life upon the south -LRB- seemingly by merely introducing industrialization , and the concept of work -RRB- , Scarlett is faced with a total inability to adapt to the new society . However , with her frequent stirring speeches about never going hungry again -LRB- yeah , right , try actually living in poverty for a day or two -RRB- her inability to adapt is more a condemnation of the changes caused by the Civil War than an exploration of any weakness in Scarlett 's character . Gone are the days of dances in large halls and picnics on vast tree-covered lawns -LRB- as the blacks toil under the baking sun in the far-off fields -RRB- . Instead , we get scenes of poor rich people loading up buggies to move off of their plantations and into mansions inside of cities only blocks away from the -LRB- choke -RRB- working classes.In case the viewer does n't quite get the picture of the `` injustice '' done to the south and thinks `` what about the abolition of slavery ? '' , every single black character in the movie is offensively portrayed as lazy , silly , and superstitious caricatures who are devoted to and love their white masters and are lost without them . The fact that `` Gone With the Wind '' has n't faced as much widespread condemnation as `` Birth of a Nation '' with its pro-KKK scenes is rather surprising.The only reason I can figure out that such a worthless and offensive soap opera is still considered so great is that most critics are afraid to contradict decades of praise given to the movie at the risk of seeming to lack taste . I say stop being blinded by expectations or conformity and actually judge the film for what it is .
 In my anxiousness to see this classic transformed into yet an even more special experience utilizing Blu-Ray technology , I foolishly purchased this disc . I am dissappointed to report that it was not worth spending the money . The technology is just not visible . It really is deceptive marketing and unnecessary . I suppose it is just not feasible to expect a movie made in the 30s to be greatly approved upon . Save your dinero and play your anniversary edition instead . Shame on MGM , shame on marketing execs and even shame on Amazon for misleading your faithful client base .
 I would not have guessed a video download would ` hang up ' and not play - but this would not play past 20 minutes . I tried numerous times . Amazon did respond and refund the rental charge promptly .
 Everybody thinks that this is their favorite movie . But not for me . Scarlett is a little rascal and Rhett also . They are both alcoholic . Why need to waste 4 hours watching this trash film . What 's more this movie is easy to get used to it like about 5 times you watched it . This movie maybe for you , but not for me .
 The second disc was unviewable ... the video dragged and the audio was bad . After contacting the seller I have yet to hear anything .
 If you love this classic film . Do not buy it until it is available in letterbox . The stunning cinematography and is lost with this full-screen `` pan and scan '' version . If feels like watching TV .
 I love the book Gone With the Wind , but the movie is n't what I expected . Movies about books usually leave things out but not the main character 's children ! The movie tells the basic story , about Scarlett and Rhett , but skips so many things it 's horrible to watch . -LRB- I think Ashley is really ugly , if you want that kind of information . -RRB- I do n't think I 'll be watching this movie again .
 The movie is too long , is overkill Lesile Howard is too ugly to be Ashley Wilkes . Vivien Leigh is too British to be Scarlett O'Hara Clark Gable is too mousey and short to be Rhett Butler The whole movie about this bitchy woman whining . I give it a 2 out of 5 stars .
 I was expecting soooo much more . But , after 3 hours it wasnt worth the end .
 I recently purchased Gone with the Wind in the 70th Anniversary Edition.It came as two disks in a standard plastic folding container . One disk was the movie itself , the other was the making of the movie and other special features.Unfortunately , while the second disk was fine , the fist and most important one had no sound . The video worked but nothing could be heard , so rather than watch a silent movie I returned it for credit.I will say that credit was issued immediately and with no questions asked.I will try again to buy it , perhaps this time I will get a good copy .
 To All Prospective GWTW Afficionados ... DO NOT BUY THIS BOXED SET at the outrageous $ 71 + price . The glossy prints are poor quality ... the other ` STUFF ' included is just ` STUFF ' and the really BAD THING ... is that there is only 1 DVD . All the other releases currently -LRB- the more upscale and remastered ones -RRB- include 4 YES THAT IS FOUR DVD 's which have information on interviews , making of the film , screen tests ... etc. . But this FANCY BOXED SET ... has only one ... Upon opening it , we immediately closed it and sent it back ... and ordered the 4 DVD set at $ 27.94 . So ... save yourself some trouble and stick with the ORDINARY and AVOID the ` EXTRA-Ordinary ' ... Gladys C.
 I was happy to buy this DVD at such a cheap price but it was was n't worth it . The sound quality is really bad . I tried playing the DVD in several players thinking that the problem might be in my player . But no , blame it to the bad sound quality . Even with the full volume , the sound is low . One can hardly hear it sitting few meters away.Totally recommend this movie , but not the bad quality of the DVD .
 I 've just watched the magnificent DVD restorations of `` Cleopatra , '' `` Lawrence of Arabia , '' `` Ben Hur '' and other Hollywood masterpieces . All of them had extraordinary documentaries , screen tests , extras . But what in the world is holding up the 5-star DVD version that all of us fans of `` Gone With the Wind '' are waiting impatiently for ? As 2 other fans have noted , there 's nothing extra on the present DVD . A two-minute preview . Wow . Thanks a lot.If studios are able to give spectacular restorations and care to all-time favorites like `` Sound of Music '' and `` Spartacus '' , then we demand an even more outstanding DVD treatment of the greatest movie of all time . Say , come to think of it , where 's the DVD version of `` Doctor Zhivago '' -- another much beloved classic ? Get with it Ted Turner , who owns GWTW , and all you other people in charge . We want our 5-star edition of GWTW -- like yesterday .
 Mandingo is far superior
 While not my usual cup of tea I 've always liked this movie for it 's cinematography and sets . I 've never owned it on standard DVD and have been waiting for Blu Ray to do it justice . And now here it 's released with a ridiculous price tag . This is just another case of a greedy studio thinking people are stupid enough to fork over 50 bucks for a 20 dollar disc because they put words like ` ultimate ' and ` anniversary ' on the label . I guess I 'll be putting this one in my queue and forget owning it .
 I was disappointed that this was not in widescreen format . I will be returning it . You would expect a Blu-ray to be widescreen , so I did n't even check before I opened it when I got it for Christmas . The movie itself is great .
 I must be in the minority about this movie-I do n't like it . I do n't like the people-in my opinion , they 're shallow , ridiculous , narrow-minded and childish . I do n't like the role of women in those days-all you had to do was wear pretty clothes and act like an airhead to catch a husband . If you do n't do these things , you 're an outcast . I especially do n't like Scarlett O'Hara . I so ca n't believe that that woman could n't make up her mind about what man to be with-I mean , Leslie Howard over Clark Gable ? Give me a break ! Casablanca is more my movie-at least Rick and Ilsa were more mature than Scarlett and Rhett . I do n't like this film at all , and I do n't understand what 's so great about it .
 I finally watched this movie and I was very disappointed . The acting was terrible and the plot rediculous .
 How could anyone say this is the geatest movie of all time ?! The script is absolutely corny , the whole story in general is VERY unrealistic and dumb , the acting is down right STUPID , got sooooo boring after the first 30 minutes , and speaking of minutes this worthless film is WAY to long ! 4 and a half hours ?!! Get real people !!! If you want to watch some REAL entertainment check out `` The Matrix '' , `` Terminator 2 '' , `` Blade '' , `` Gladiator '' , or `` Independence Day '' . Some advice from a 15 year-old .
 This along with birth of a nation should be destoryed , i have a hard time understanding how so many people can over look the many flaws this movie has . I guess most are just commenting on the stupid so called fairytale between the main character 's
 Now , I know what you 're thinking before I write this review . `` what an immature idiot ! Gone with the wind is a classic and its so famous . You are just not mature enought to appreciate all the effort that they put into it , you ungrateful modernized idiot ! '' Well , something along the lines of that.But that 's not true , this is actually an extremely boring movie . It is not the worst movie I 've ever seen in my life , but it is truly bad . It just never ends ! It 's like they left the camera on by mistake and videotaped so many unneccessary things . And the lead character is so uninteresting . She is exactly like everybody else in the world . Spoiled , obnoxious , and shallow . Just because the Oscars like this movie does n't mean I have to , but you can . I just really hate it . However , I appreciate the effort that they put into it . I can see that . It is great considering how old it is . But it 's not 1930 anymore , its 2005 . That 's a little different . And there are soooooooo many movies out now that are exactly like it . So what if gone with the wind was original at the time ? The time was around 70 years ago ! But what do I know ?
 I never thought that the Blue-Ray version of a grate movie would not be wide-screen . The lost beauty for the full panoramas is very disappointing . I 'm sending it back and waiting for the real thing . Plus the music has lost something . I do n't think they bothered to re-master it . Compare the sound to MP3 downloads from Amazon and you will hear the difference .
 Warners may regret having raised the bar so high with their recent issues of 2-disc sets of Casablanca and The Adventures of Robin Hood . I ca n't think of any film more deserving of the red carpet treatment than GWTW , at the very least including the excellent `` making of '' documentary , along with the old screen tests , a `` soundtrack only '' option , commentary , and possibly an interview with Olivia deHavilland.Let 's go , Warners . This jewel needs a crown .
 Although I did not abosolutely hate the film , it was rather lengthy and a tad boring . The cinematography was interesting , though I 'm critical on films that waste millions of dollars on pure decoration , while the acting suffers . I was n't impressed by Vivien Leigh or Gable , and their characters were rather faky , a bit dry . The movie contains lots of melodrama , if that what the reader 's looking for . The movie 's acting is rather old-fashioned . All the old cheesy cinema stuff is in there . The eloquent American accent you hear on foreign language lesson tapes -LRB- with a Southern twist -RRB- , the amateur actor/tress facial expression , blah . I spent an entire afternoon watching this overrated film . The actual story line also did not move me at all . Thank God the Old South fell , otherwise the inhumanity of `` the peculiar institution , '' the nasty little empires , and the overall retrogression of the South would 've continued for a long time . Not to say it did n't ... perhaps . Why should it move me to see a selfish , racist woman get a little taste of what the oppressed had been going through for centuries ? Also , the author of the book 's husband said something like `` if we 'd had that many soldiers we would have won the war . '' And that was in 1949 . At the beginning of the film , they try to get an emotional response from the audience by commencing with garbage about fair-tale princesses , `` ladies fair , '' and gallant elegance of masters and their slaves . Whatever ! I did n't think it was COMPLETE trash , but I surely was disappointed .
 This movie is a real waste of film . It goes on and bleck bleck bleck . My mom cries in it , but the only scene that touches me in the slightest is the one where all the soldiers are lined up on the ground for as far as you can see . I really would not recommend anyone to see this , purely a waste of time .
 The one star I 'm giving the greatest movie ever made is n't for the film itself . It 's for the horrible lack of interest or care for the fans because this DVD version has zero extras on it . Even Carnival of Souls , a low-budget cult movie has nearly 3 hours of outakes , the `` making of ... '' , interviews . And then you look at the outstanding care and planning someone lavished on the DVD version of `` The Sound of Music , '' with the `` Making of ... `` interviews , deleted , scenes , interviews with cast members , and it 's criminal that `` wind '' is just thrown out to the public as an ordinary movie . It 's scary to think of the indifference of the people behind this dismal presentation of GWTW . Are n't the creators aware there are still tons of archival material that fans would lap up ? Deleted scenes , costume tests , more unseen auditions , interviews with surviving members of the cast
 You have to give credit to this film for its glossy , epic sweep and the fact that it breaks new ground in filmmaking techniques . Unfortunately , the film , like the novel , promotes a destructive , romantic myth of a south that never really existed.In this Technicolor version of the Old South all the darkies are happy and smiling and dancing on the banks of the Mississippi , and obviously it 's too bad the Civil War came along and ruined things . What a trashy message , and the terrible thing is that its wrapped in such a seductive and attractive package .
 I had my sound system cranked all the way up on this one , and it still sounded like people were talking through tin cans . Not worth the money !
 GWTW is my absolute , all-time favorite movie . I 've seen it so many times I 've lost count -LRB- and many of those were at movie theaters . -RRB- I 've wanted to own this DVD since the first day I got a DVD player . I absolutely refuse , however , to buy this stripped down edition . One of the most celebrated movies of all-time and there are no `` special features '' or `` extras '' on the DVD ? Surely I 'm not the only one who feels this way .
 Ok this movie is a classic but this dvd is a stinker . As with several Warner Bros. movies I own it is in a -LSB- poor quality -RSB- snap case . And the dvd most be flipped over to watch the second half of the movie and it did n't have to be that way . The special features lack also . Buyers you have been warned . This dvd gets one star because zero stars is not an option .
 *** Updated Review *** I will start off by saying that the film in Blu-ray is wonderful and well deserving of 5 stars.As far as the subtitles go , some subtitles are better than nothing . But the the subtitles on this disc are the worst I have ever seen . Nothing matches . Just about every scene has missing dialog . My hearing is fine but sometimes I just ca n't understand what the actor said so I turn them on . Now if you are really hard of hearing and can tell that the lips are moving more than what the subtitles are saying or just want to get the full dialog there are copies of the script posted online . Ca n't post a link here though . So how about that Katie Scarlett O'Hara !!! -LRB- That 's what her dad called her in their first scene together -RRB- . And just remember those of you with wide screen TV 's ... `` There is nothing wrong with your television set ... Do not attempt to adjust the picture '' * . This disc is in it 's original 1.33:1 version . So you will see black bars on the sides of your screen.I personally like to view movies in their original format . But if you must have your whole screen filled then see if your TV remote has a picture size button . Samsungs have a P.SIZE button . On Samsung 's press P.SIZE till `` Wide Fit Move '' appears . That will fill your screen . If you want the subtitles and they are cut off at the bottom then press the up arrow above the enter button while `` Wide Fit Move '' is on the screen . That will adjust the whole picture up.So the film gets 5 stars.Subtitles accuracy 1 starsNote
 i was extremely dissapointed in the picture of GONE WITH THE WIND ! the clairity of the picture is great , but the small -LRB- partial screen -RRB- is not acceptable to me , since the regular disc shows a FULL full screen , and not a small block of a picture!LARRY W.
 I dont see how this movie can be thought good by anyone . Horrible acting , horrible story horrible everything . This movie is nothing like the book , and I hate it . -LRB- I wish you could give these zero stars . -RRB-
 I odered this on 1-29-09 and have not received my movie . I sent e-mails to the seller and received no response . Seller had 98 % POSITIVE rating when I odered . I 'm not a happy camper !!!
 `` But it 's a classic ! '' you may say to me . Well , you know what ? It does n't matter because it still sucks . To tell you the truth , I never even watched it . I had an old VHS tape of it that was recorded off of CBS in 1983 and I just fast-forwarded through the movie to get to the commercials . Even at a high-speed this movie is crap . Frankly , my dear friends , I do n't give a damn about anything in this movie .
 i got ta wonder about folks that enjoy this film.are they SlaveOwners or is that there Fantasy ? there 's nothing important about this Long-winded racist one - sided film.it 's as bad as Birth Of a Nation.typical HollyWood .
 Gone with the wind bla bla ok reveal mean for one thing I hate blood for another thing it has major vilonce this movie should diserve only one award , The worest movie that ever was made in this whole entire universe Sound of Music is way better bottom line is this movie ai n't no ten awards !
 I have nothing nice to say really . I bought this for my mom who loves it . -LRB- God only knows why . -RRB- That is how I buy gifts , what the receiver would like , not what I would like . Personally , I think the movie stank . -LRB- Made to watch it as a kid . -RRB- When I watched it Melanie was a wilting flower , Scarlet was a ho and Rhett should have divorced her and taken the kid and the kid never would have died . Just a bunch of dumb people doing dumb stuff and a lot of whining . Ashley was a whimp and I wo n't even touch on the whole slavery issue which had the main characters all walking around like confused idiots and also fighting a war over . Stupid ! Just do n't make slaves of humans in the first place because it 's wrong and immoral = no war and problems solved . Hire some people and pay them to work your stupid cotton farms at a decent wage , treat them well , blah blah blah . Just a dumb movie . Some people find this romantic ? Yuck !
 I bought this for a Mother 's Day gift -- TWICE.My mom reported that most of the discs did n't work , so I returned it for a new set . Amazingly , the new replacement set did n't work either ! I felt bad enough for Mom that I had to write this review and warn others.I finally learned my lesson
 I think `` Gone With the Wind '' is about 99 % of a great movie . I 'd love for there to be a few more battle scenes , and perhaps a little less emphasis on the whiny Scarlett , but on the whole , it 's alright.What I ca n't understand was the filmmakers ' insistence on turning a nice period piece into an exploitation movie . I 'm talking , of course , about the swearing by Clark Gable near the movie 's end . Why ? What was the point ? Were the film 's producers so dead set on pushing the envelope that they felt they had to degrade the movie in such a way ? Imagine the Munchkins or Glenda from `` The Wizard of Oz '' saying such a thing . It 's unimaginable.I 'm aware that new movies have much more foul language than this , but that still does n't make this any better . This movie could have been a pinnacle of the genre , rather than a shameless exercise in exploitation . I expect more from the classics , and so should you .
 Wonderful movie , but below average DVD . When one buys a DVD they not only want to see the movie , but a bunch of little extras too . This DVD has virtually none of the extras that make a DVD worth buying.I was at least expecting a `` Making of '' segment.Just my humble oppinion .
 I think `` Gone With The Wind '' is a great film but this 5 disc set is just another example of the studio 's greed in rereleasing the same titles with a little extra . The first 4 discs in this set are identical in content to the ones from the previous `` Special 4 DVD set '' . So if you have the earier set you will basically be paying $ 45 + for one disc with a few special features . Why bother . And if you wait a few years there will probably be a 6 disc set to replace this year 's 5 disc set !
 HD is wonderful . But Anniversary Edition ? That 's hardly what it is . No extras . Just the movie . Misleading advertising . Then again , I only got it for the move in HD . Just call it what it is . It 's not the big deal you may be expecting .
 I would not dare to knock the greatness of the film `` Gone With The Wind '' The movie stands all by itself . There is n't one imperfection when it comes to the acting , production and beauty of the restored visual and audio presentation . I salivate over the anticipation of the blu-ray release.BUT ... give me a break on the packaging and price tab of the box set . Most of the addition material has already been released . The TBS mini series `` WHEN THE LION ROARED '' and the documentary `` 1939
 I bought this vintage movie but it did not play it until now . It does not `` q '' . What a bummer . It is a brand new Blue Ray DVD
 I finally saw this `` Hollywood Masterpiece '' over the weekend and ca n't help but believe that this is one of those movies that people think they are supposed to call `` great '' , so they go ahead and call it great . But really , what is so great about this story?The main character , Scarlett , is a selfish tramp that makes a play at everyone else 's men.The `` dashing '' Rhett Butler is a sleazy womanizer.The great `` romance '' between the two is based on her greed and his lust.There is little to know character growth for either of them.But hey , at least we get to see the deaths of a child and the film 's only virtuous character before Rhett drops Scarlett like a hot potato.But hey , it 's a `` classic '' , therefore it MUST be good .
 Would Love To Buy This Film , But NOT As A Flip Over . Is This Info Correct ?
 This is a classic case of a studio repackaging something to make some extra coin.The print looks great , however you can not play it in 16:9 . All the other extras are available elsewhere for half the price . All your really paying for here is a velvet plastic box and some miniature reproductions of production letters , stills , and sketches.Spend your money elsewhere .
 I tried my best ... I checked my overbearing political correctness at the door , I toked up on coffee , I kept the movie in context with its 1939 release date . I even told myself , `` Self , if Johnny Cade -LRB- Ralph Macchio -RRB- from the Outsiders loved reading GWTW , with all that Stay Gold business , there must be something to it . Do it for Johnny ! '' I tried I tried I tried !!! Sadly , Gone With the Wind was just not that great.The first side of the DVD held my interest . But after Georgia 's in shambles and Scarlett vowes to smear her stankiest excrement over everyone if that 's what it takes to avoid hunger , this story lags and drags . She does make a compelling anti-hero , but only to a point . The hours go by , the interest goes bye-bye . While there are some memorable zingers , a lot of the dialog is silly , the sets often look fake -LRB- especially the skies -RRB- , and Gable honestly was n't in top form . But ... that great pullback crane shot of the dead is perty dern good.Maybe I need to see that Scarlett miniseries to really `` get it . '' Or someone should do an all Muppet cast remake . Piggy and Kermit as Scarlett and Rhett.Stay gold !
 I hope I 'm watching the same movie that got so many 5 stars !! I found this movie to be big time boring . Could n't even handle fast forward : -RRB-
 The greatest movie ever made -LRB- OK I exaggerate , but not by much -RRB- not available in its original aspect ratio ? It 's a sin worse than colorization .
 This sucked because it arrived with only one dvd in it , it should of had two . I wanted to return it but my printer is dead so I could n't print the return so I wasted my money . this the second purchase in a row from amazon that was bad i am sure it will be a while before I order from amazon again if i ever do .
 I ca n't believe the American Film Institute would even dare mention this film in the same sentence as The Godfather , Casablanca , or Citizen Kane , which are all superior films . This movie was just plain and simple BORING . I give it 2 stars because of the costumes and production design . It held my attention for maybe the first hour but then just dragged off . And I do n't have a short attention span if that 's what you 're thinking , which I 'm sure fans of this movie who are reading this review are . I do n't see the difference between this and any other one of those sappy romantic movies where they constantly soften the lens when focusing on the leading lady 's face . Casablanca is a much better movie and is a helluva lot more romantic . All Scarlett does in this movie is complain , complain , complain . If I were Clark Gable , I would have laughed when she fell down the steps . The worst part is that the lousy twists in this movie go on for nearly 4 hours . Ugh . I should have rented this one first before I bought it . I 'm still kicking myself . I suggest you do n't make the same mistake I did and at least wait for it to come on TV first .
 According to most of the reviews I read on this Blu Ray movie it would be the bestI have ever seen . It is a little plainer than the regular DVD . I do not understandhow a Blu Ray movie that is 1080P is NOT widescreen . I notice this is becomingmore common place to remake a movie new and call it Blu Ray.On my DVD Blue Ray player , it is impossible to get anything in the way ofspecial features , I could not even get a scene selection.This was sold by Amazon .
 This is a film that literally sees little wrong with child molesting . And no , I 'm not even slightly exaggerating . It is also bizarre that I am the sole reviewer to point this out . Janey is only a 13 year old teenager . She is indeed rather mature for her age . Nonetheless , Janey is too young to legally allow a fully grown man to have sex with her . Such an adult male -LRB- or female -RRB- is clearly breaking the law . Janey is the daughter of a woman who is selfish and undisciplined . The father is being played for a fool . This dysfunctional family seems doomed . Janey 's younger brother needs her love and protection . Is she capable of handling this responsibility ? Will matters finally get out of control ? `` Rain '' is morally bankrupt . The story line takes place in New Zealand . Perhaps the people associated with the American TV program `` To Catch a Predator '' and `` Perverted Justice '' should visit this country.David ThomsonFlares into Darkness
 This paint-by-numbers New Zealand film is a rote Coming-of-Age / Adultery flick in which a family living by the seaside is put in moral jeopardy by a handsome stranger . Throughout the film , I kept asking myself how the parents in this nuclear unit could spend so much time at their dream house without working a steady job . Instead , it appears that everyone involved has far too much time on their hands and found that drinking themselves into oblivion will only do so much to ease the boredom.Yes , Mom -LRB- Sarah Perise -RRB- has a booze problem and the hots for the boat-bound stranger -LRB- Marton Csokas -RRB- . Meanwhile , Dad -LRB- Alistair Browning -RRB- sits cuckolded in the back yard sipping hard liquor . Their two kids -LRB- Alicia Fulford-Wierzbicki and Aaron Murphy -RRB- do n't have healthy hobbies either ; spending their time cutting private parts out of porn magazines and taping them to their bodies . I suppose there is a lot of `` higher meaning '' going on between these `` adult parts '' and the lemon tree that grows in their back yard . However , I really was n't inclined to dig deep in this overly glossy film whose plot and ending were visible from the onset.Director Jeffs muddies her water with an overabundance of slow motion shots , drawing out the tedium of RAIN . Instead of treading new ground , the film provides the audience with trite morality and one-dimensional characters .
 I wonder what dvd the reviewer 's talking about where he mentions the songs included as `` Sunday Morning Coming Down '' being one of them ? The only flaw in this dvd is that Sunday Morning Coming Down is not included . It is listed on the dvd , and he only sings the intro , or the first one or two verses and that 's it . He gets away from the song and starts talking about something else . Most disheartening ! As the only reason I bought this dvd was because of that song . I love that song . It 's the story of his life , and many others . But `` Sunday Morning Coming Down '' is KK . You let me down son !
 There could be something substantial in this video , but it is slow moving and repetitive , and I could n't spend any more time waiting for it to come good .
 You other reviewers are total tools . Can anyone be so gullible ? There is a fine line between the beauty of the great Timothy Leary quote `` Think for yourself , question authority . '' and absolute paranoid drivel . Can we not draw that line now , so that we may have a tolerable discussion about issues in this world that we can actually fix ?
 My three-year old grandson loves anything to do with firetrucks and firemen , but he did n't like this DVD . It was ridiculous . The two actors were really cheesy and stupid .
 I have to admit it , I like Leslie Nielson . His performances over a broad range of parodies and spoofs have been excellent . Everything from the Naked Gun movies to the unheralded 2001 a Space Travesty is in my movie watching rotation . I feel bad , he 's approaching the age of 80 now , and his movie making days are coming to a slow halt.I also have to admit that I knew Nielson had a serious acting career before he found fame as a comedy actor . You might remember one of his serious roles as the captain of the ship in `` The Poseidon Adventure '' and played Commander John Adams in my favorite 50 's sci-fi flick `` The Forbidden Planet . '' If you ever get the chance , see `` Day of the Animals . '' Let 's just say there 's a scene with Nielson and a bear , funny as hell , it was n't supposed to be.However , very rarely is it that I find myself looking at a serious film that is starring Leslie Nielson . Project
 Project
 Jeff Wincott is a hardcore gambler who is about to leave Vegas , but not without paying off a debt he owes . When he pays it off he ends up getting bullied into a fight . He loses the fight , his money , and his girlfriend.Ugh , this movie is pretty bad . Everything is predictable , and the acting by the girlfriend is horrible . The only good thing is Jeff Wincott . He gives a good acting performance , and like always he shows some great emotion in his fight scenes . There are a ton of fights in this movie , but none are really good . Gary Daniels gets a decent cameo fight , but the only fight I liked was the finale . Not even the finale was that good , but it picks up by the end of it . So in short , I recommend passing on this movie unless you are a really huge fan of Jeff Wincott .2 / 5Picture quality on the Madacy DVD is decent . Best thing about this DVD is that it has 45 minutes of trailers .
 I have epilepsy . Thirteen years ago I had a left temporal lobectomy at Beth Israel Hospital.Since the surgery , I am unable to watch certain movies or TV programs when the picture is very blurry and not clear . If I were to watch a 3-D movie for instance , I would most probably have a grand mal seizure.When I watched the first video on TV , the picture quality was very poor . It made me very dizzy , and after watching for ten minutes , and standing up , I felt very disoriented . I then lay on the bed and had a petit mal seizure.How very ironic it was , that while watching about temporal lobe seizures , that I experienced one.When I watched it on the computer , I did not experience any problems .
 i definitely do not recommend this movie ! it was the first of all my A.T. movies that i purchased , and by far , THE WORST ! i agree with the one person at the bottom of this page that gave it a 2 or 3 star . the movie did seem like it was about four 21 year old bar buddies , romping through the woods . well , actually , about three bar buddies , b/c one of them , somehow , got ran over by a car off-screen ; therefore , ending his AT thru-hike . i completed the A.T. in '04 and my experience was close to what you see in this movie , but God , the film could 've been a lot better with a lot more scenery and a lot less cheesiness ! the interviews are pretty well done , but i just got tired of seeing these guys filming each other most of the film . in a lot of these clips , they 're doing silly and stupid things for the camera , which took away from the film . if you 're looking for a good A.T. film to buy , i would recommend Appalachian Impressions or Walking With Freedom . Both are far better than this one .
 I just finished a Thru-hike of the AT in October . And was excited to see this DVD for nestalgia . And I was very disapointed with it . This movie captures a very small percent of people that are on the trail . During the video they are constantly bragging about how many miles they hike day to day , and are constantly complaining about the trail . Its almost as if they have something to prove . and this video is an ego boost . I HIGHLY reccomend the other A.T. Documentary called `` 2000 Miles To Maine . '' it captures trail life and different people and represents the trail in a much more positive aspect . If you are seriously interested in hiking the trail or getting information , or just curious about trail life , save your time and money , dont buy this video . If you want to haul down the trail and brag to all your friends that you walked 2000 miles , then this may be the video for you .
 Would appeal to out of work 20 somethings who find hooting out loud a significant expression of inner experience . Could have been subtitled `` Hiking with your bar buddies , are we thirty , yet ? . `` Some nice footage . better vids abound .
 I viewed Trek at an REI screening recently , and the 2 hour showing was somewhat painful . Regretfully I felt I was watching a rehearsal for the next Survivor rather than a movie about humankind working with or learning from nature ; any of the main characters ' respect for the trail was far overshadowed by the drive to defeat or `` beat down '' the AT and finish as fast as possible in the race to `` increase testicular size '' , if I may loosely borrow a few quotes . This was extremely disheartening and frankly irritating.To me , the young men featured were more concerned with self-promotion and ego building than gaining reverence for a simpler , albeit more physically challenging lifestyle among the elements . Because of this I found them hard to like and was grateful for the reprieve offered by the other , in my opinion , more insightful hikers periodically introduced . Had there been more character development -LRB- or humility even -RRB- I may have found the core group of 3 more interesting.Ironically , avoiding the natural world seemed to be a theme as a significant portion of the footage was from OFF the trail.Last , I believe the Smoky Mountains were misspelled -LRB- Smokey -RRB- in large text . Ouch!I do give all involved credit for their feats - both the hike and the creation of a movie . Though I 've not even considered thru-hiking I 've spent a few weeks as a caretaker on the AT ; some of the more challenging days of my life . I too met impressive people , but the ones who occasionally took time for introspection and smelling the roses gained my respect most .
 Fans of `` I Spit on Your Grave '' and those who do n't admit they are fans will instantly recognize the plot . Cherry Bomb -LRB- Julin Jean -RRB- is raped in a coke filled session in the Champagne Room . The Good Ole Boy system prevents any conviction . With the aid of another stripper -LRB- Denise Williamson -RRB- and her reluctant brother -LRB- John Gabriel Rodriquez -RRB- , Cherry vows revenge.While they are hunting the rapists a hired killer -LRB- Allen Hackley -RRB- , who looks like they got a Samuel L. Jackson clone , is after them.One of the first things you notice is that Julin Jean 's chest is camera shy . Only extras are topless . On the plus side Julin is able to project that dumb stripper/ho mentality , perhaps a little too well . Unfortunately the script , dialouge , and direction could n't do her justice . For instance , a man gets stabbed in the stomach and is dead in 3 seconds . The suicide was poorly developed and completely unbelievable . Even Cherry herself was extremely chipper the day after she was gang raped . They made unbelievable characters and played them in stiff roles.Parental Guide
 Now , before you go harping on me , let me be perfectly clear on this one point
 Wow , this is one crappy movie . I struggled through about fifteen minutes of Cherry Bomb before I turned it off . Terrible , terrible acting . I thought it might be fun , as it was supposed to be like an old-style `` campy '' flick . But I just could n't see past the idiotic dialogue . I would n't recommend wasting any time on this one .
 This video is horrid . The production quality is awful . It 's a grainy , choppy production of what appears to be a public access program someone put together . I could bear to watch if for longer than 30 minutes and gave up .
 DO NOT BUY !! -LRB- There is an alternative ... -RRB- -LRB- The Bad -RRB- I had worn out my old VHS edition of this delightful British Christmas comedy . So I was excited on receiving this `` digitally re-mastered/enhanced audio '' DVD to play.DISAPPOINTED !! This video is fuzzy and grainy as if it was done in 1950 's kinescope . The audio track is deplorable by any reasonable standard . Since the dialog is sometimes hard to discern , many of the joke lines are lost and the music track sounds worse than my old AM radio.Even the cover was slapped together by persons who apparently did not bother to see the show . The house depicted on the front does not exist in the story . The pictures of `` Bernard '' - Alan Cumming and `` The Genie '' - Lenny Henry , looks they were merely captured off-screen the video . And where is the depiction of Rowan Atkinson of Black Adder and Mr. Bean fame ? There is a photo of a cheap brass oil lamp , not the elegant one in the movie . In short , the production quality is practically nonexistent . -LRB- The Good -RRB- I discovered a link to purchase the show at a far better price and quality * . I went to - -LSB- ... -RSB- . The cost was only 2.49 -LRB- $ 4.10 USD -RRB- . I charged it thru PayPal and it easily downloaded to my hard drive , then burned my own DVD and voila!Now I can enjoy this masterpiece year after year with my family and friends . I hope you will as well.Merry Christmas !
 The product I was sent when purchasing this movie did not match the picture shown above , or any of the product description details . Instead , I was sent an extremely poor quality bootleg . The cover contained a picture of a house not appearing in the film , as well as a back side description littered with grammatical mistakes . Apparently the company responsible for this garbage , WHAM ! USA , is associated with Jef Films - a company well known for bootlegging VHS tapes to DVD and charging $ 20 for them . Upon further research , I discovered that there has been no official release for this film on DVD -LRB- probably should have done that BEFORE buying ... -RRB- I did not remove the packaging as doing so would have voided my return , but judging from other user reviews and WHAM ! USA 's reputation , the quality is atrocious . It 's a shame there 's no way to get a REAL copy of this movie , because I watch it every year on PBS and it 's wonderful ! Perhaps other bootlegs are better quality , but they 're still bootlegs . Amazon.com should not be in the business of distributing poor quality bootlegs .
 title was what i expected from dirctor but the version was edited for excessive nudity . italian movie dubbed in english . dubbing actors not very good . over all i would have looked for italian version .
 In my personal collection is a broad range of TV series/episodes on both DVD and Blu-rays that span from the earliest days of television in the 1950 's -LRB- i.e. Superman ; Steve Canyon ; Lone Ranger -RRB- to some of the most recent programing of this decade -LRB- Smallville ; Battlestar Gallactica -RRB- so I am familiar with the very broad range of possible video and audio qualitative levels available on the television series based releases out in today 's marketplace , always adjusting my expectations accordingly.It was just recently that I had the opportunity -LRB- time -RRB- to finally sit through all 7 seasons ofMission
 David Johnson , DVD Verdict -- My crack Internet research skills tell me that the 1988 Fall TV season was besieged by a writer 's strike , forcing the highers-up to seek their small-screen entertainment from the most economical sources possible.Enter this brainstorm
 `` The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet '' lasted for 14 years , but this dvd set includes only episodes from the final season -- surely it would be better to show the evolution of the characters over time . Ricky and David are n't even in most of the episodes , which involve an aging Ozzie bonding with neighborhood kids . The extras are a joke , 4 contemporary commercials , not necessarily the ones used during the episodes , and a biography of one paragraph . Even for a discount dvd , not worth the money .
 Ever since the invention of DVD , I 've waited for someone to release this classic sitcom . Although I have many of the episodes on video tape the quality was usually very poor . When I saw that this great show was releashed on DVD I bought it right away . But I have to say that it has been a great disappointment.The quality of these two DVD 's are the worst I 've seen on DVD . The picture is at times blurred and there are skips in the sound . In one episode entitled , `` Kris And The Queen '' the sound is lost half way thru the show.Many of the original TV commericals have been included as a `` Bonus '' but the quality is so bad I could not even make out the picture on some . Although the episodes are classic Ozzie & Harriet , I can not give this set nothing more then a poor rating due to the quality of the disk.I hope someday someone will release a top quality addition to this great classic TV sitcom on DVD .
 The quality of these DVDs is not great . The picture is rather wobbly , and at times the sound is difficult to hear . For me it 's not such an issue as I 've never seen the show in its `` pristine '' form . I was born after its original run and have watched only low quality reruns on small budget local television stations . What does disappoint me about this set is that all of the episodes come from the show 's last few seasons , when it was way past its prime . This show 's strongest episodes are in the early years when David and Ricky are children . In the later years the plots get too hokey and contrived and the jokes too forced . The episodes with Ozzie hanging out with the neighborhood children are especially cringe-inducing . This was Ozzie 's way of having cute kid humor after David and Ricky were too old to provide it , similar to the Bradys ' Cousin Oliver , the Huxtables getting a stepgrandchild and Ma and Pa Ingalls adopting 12 kids . If you 've never seen Ozzie and Harriet I do not recommend these DVDs as an introduction to the show -- you 'll wonder how it ever lasted so long . I recommend this set only to those who enjoyed the show in its twilight years and can overlook the quality issues .
 This disc came to me as part of a large , 10-DVD set from Alpha Video called `` 50s Comedy . '' The prospect of having a collection of REAL TV sitcoms from television 's `` golden age '' was exciting , but my purchase was a huge disappointment . I wo n't repeat all of the complaints about video and audio quality that have been amply stated in other reviews . I will , however , express my frustration over the fact that Alpha Video has n't even gone to the bother of providing episode titles . If you 're going to put a product such this on the market , why not do it right?The other discs in my `` 50s Comedy '' set -- containing episodes of `` Burns and Allen , '' `` You Bet Your Life , '' `` Meet Corliss Archer , '' `` I Married Joan , '' `` The Jack Benny Program , '' `` My Hero , '' `` Private Secretary , '' `` Topper , '' and `` Trouble with Father '' -- have also been issued singly and are sold by Amazon . Most of these discs are designated `` Volume 1 '' of the sitcom series . Like the `` Ozzie and Harriet '' DVD , they all lack any mention of episode titles . If you search the Amazon listings for any DVDs offering these programs , watch out for Alpha Video as the source , and please consider boycotting the company 's products until Alpha Video decides to extend to its customers the courtesy of identifying exactly what they 've bought .
 Looking at the box cover here you might be tempted , as was I , to think that this is a typical Italian softcore movie , with lots of sex scenes ; not explicit , mind you , but at the very least the lead actress will be seen topless for long , lingering moments . That is not the case . The original title of this movie is , as seen in the opening credits , `` La segretaria '' -LRB- The secretary , or Cebo para una adolescente on IMDB -RRB- . It is an early drama with Ornella Muti . The `` Editorial Review '' states
 I was disappointed in Forbidden Passion . From the box cover , I expected to see a nude Ornella Muti . She keeps her interesting bits covered or off camera during this film . It is the story of a young girl hired as a secretary to her father 's boss , becoming his mistress , and earning the family a better apartment and more money .
 I am stunned that this series got five stars !! It is strictly anti-war propaganda , wrapped in a thin film of poorly-written plot , slow-as-molasses ` action ' -LRB- and I use the word loosely -RRB- , and a whiny , self-serving main character . Good grief , do NOT buy it . Buy yourself instead some really good literature , well done -- Dickens , Shakespeare , something with a real plot , complex characters , action that you even care about .
 I could not watch the movie because it says Invalid Region when the disc is placed in the player . I did n't realize there were specific regions .
 I was unable to watch this move becuase of a ` region error ' , meaning the DVD was made for another country other than the US . Needless to say , I am very disappointed that I ordered a DVD , paid for it , and ca n't watch it . I wo n't be ordering from this vendor again .
 I finally saw this movie 17 years after it 's initial release . I remember at the time it came out , it was lauded as a groundbreaking film for it 's brutal honesty . I can certainly see , given the aesthetics of hollywood at the time , why many people saw this movie as a milestone in the drugs crime genre . I consider myself a well versed film buff , so I have full confidence when I say that this film does n't hold up , compared to even older films such as The French Connection , or The Godfather . I 'm also a fan of The Wire . Now , some might argue comparing The Wire to Rush is ridiculous , but it does show the progression of how drugs and corruption are depicted aesthetically in film . Rush for it 's time was groundbreaking , and I do praise someone had the guts to push the envelope at the time , but I believe our tastes as the audience have matured , and with shows like The Wire , it 's hard to go back and watch a film like this and accept it without cringing at a few things . For one , I found Gregg Allman 's character completely one dimensional and hollow . For most of the film it appears Gregg Allman and Jason Patric are checking each other out , as if they were potential gay lovers sizing each other up . It just took me out of the movie . Gregg Allman was just silly , walking around in that leather trench coat . I kept thinking , `` Jesus Gregg , stop this horrible acting and go play a guitar , you douche . '' There were also plenty of melodramatic moments that just made my eyes roll . One scene involves an exchange between Sam Elliot , who plays the police chief , and Jennifer Jason Leigh , when she 's just getting assigned as Jason Patric 's partner and there 's the cliche dialogue about how ugly this world is and how ugly it will make her . I thought , really ? You would think she would have had an idea about that when she applied to be a police officer , nevermind an undercover narc . I 'm not saying that kind of stuff does n't happen , but please , play down the cliches and melodrama . Also the film is fairly predictable . I knew once Jason Patric had his eyes on Jennifer Jason Leigh 's character , that he would buy it in the end . She would get addicted to drugs , clean up , then save her partner from addiction , and after her partner buying it , she would have a revelation -LRB- because a major leading character , can never go through a cliche film without being changed on some level , physically and morally and then change their tune -RRB- and she would stand up for justice and the american way , but somehow still get the drop on Gregg Allman . For a real complex , riveting and educational drama about drugs and corruption , check out The Wire . I 'm not saying do n't watch Rush . Watch it , then watch The Wire , then watch Rush again , and you 'll see what I 'm talking about .
 The movie was not in english . The movie would of been great if was in english . This movie would not play in my dvd player . It said it would not play in this region .
 The dvd was supposed to be in good as new condition , but when I received the dvd , the case looked like it had been in water . The case was in very bad shape . The dvd itself worked fine .
 I 'm a big fan of Jennifer Jason Leigh , but this movie was SOOOOOO SLOOOOOWWW . I ca n't believe that everyone who read the script did n't fall asleep before finishing it . The story could have literally been told in 10 minutes !! And they drag it over 2 hours !! And the direction is so labored . I ended up fast-forwarding through most of it , and it STILL took too long to end . This may be the slowest movie I 've ever seen in my life .
 rarely do you find movies that are this spectacularly bad . simply amazing ...
 Please DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! They fail to mention in the description on Amazon that this is not an authorized documentary . Secondly , when I put the DVD in my computer to play it came up as `` Linkin Park , Conspiracy Theory '' . This is n't even a new DVD ; they just recycled their other failed attempt to make a buck off of Linkin Park 's success . So if you have the Conspiracy Theory DVD , my apologies to you , and do n't buy this DVD , it is the same thing . If you do n't have either of these DVD 's , DO NOT BUY !!! You are not missing out on anything .
 This doco is n't authorised by the band . It 's actually really boring and the lack of music from LP is really noticeable . Disappointed with this purchase .
 I am a confirmed obsessive Linkin Park fan . I personally found this a bit boring . This is unauthorized so it did not have enough of the band contributing to the project .
 If you just trying to know the band for the first time . ok . But you are better off with the Linkin Park product from the Band or Label itself .
 The other reviews are all on point , but for those of us who remember the Motown acts that graced the Ed Sullivan show in the 60 's , I stand to say for that reason alone , this box set is woefully disappointing . The Supremes debuted You Ca n't Hurry Love on the show in 1966 to coincide with the next-day release of the single . They would always sing a medley or standard . Every Motown act sang a hit song and then sang a medley of their hits . The Temptations and The Supremes sang a historical medley of each other 's hits in 1967 . Not that he was with Motown but mentioning anyway , James Brown sang an amazing medley featuring Please , Please , Please . None of these outstanding performances are on this box . Sad , but true . -LRB- I 'd even settle on Elvis singing Ca n't Help Falling In Love With You , for that matter , and even THAT is n't on this set . -RRB- However , we DO have multiple performances of The Supremes singing Love Is Like An Itching In My Heart and Come See About Me as well as The J5 performing I Want You Back as well as James Brown singing Prisoner Of Love . There are other duplicates and wastes of valuable disc space that could have been spent on other performances . You can find VHS copies of all of the Motown acts on Ed Sullivan , or even all of The Supremes Ed Sullivan 's performances on VHS on ebay . Granted , they are bootlegs , but at least you 're getting what you want for a lot less money . Word to the wise , SAVE YOUR MONEY ! Buy it at a deep discount or used or not at all . I was thoroughly disappointed . True Motown fans will be happy with Marvin Gaye singing Take This Heart Of Mine , but to spend nearly two hundred dollars for one rare performance is robbery . Now , it 's not too much to ask for the powers that be to go back and redo , or even produce a separate Sullivan DVD featuring all of the Motown acts in their entirety , is it ? I was a fan of Ed Sullivan anyway and even if you take away the Motown acts , this DVD is still lacking in so many valuable and historic performances . His show was a launching pad for many acts ; his show was THE variety show of its time . EVERYONE wanted to be on it . Sadly , this DVD does n't even capture the excitement of seeing these acts for the first time or even again some 40 years later . What is the point in digging out all of this old footage to create what could be an exciting historical montage and then do it wrong ? The Hullabaloo discs show a much better time and they 're cheaper . It hurts me to say it , but avoid this Ed Sullivan box at all costs . And I only rate this set 1 star because I ca n't rate it zero .
 While this is a nicely packaged set the contents are disappointing . Sure , you get a 144 performances but they are edited . For the price I was expecting the complete performance by an artist . And it 's not because of lack of space on the DVD . I also question the choices of artists/songs or artists omitted . Do we really need two songs by Dino , Desi and Billy ? What about the Dave Clark Five ? A group so well liked by Ed Sullivan that they had an open invitation to appear on his show . Why were they absent from the British Invasion discs ? As Herman 's Hermits once sang , this is `` A Must To Avoid '' .
 What other reviewers have noted is correct
 just wanted to chime in here and say that this box really is a tremendous -LSB- disappointment -RSB- . steer clear of it . as mentioned the performances are heavily edited . i thought the beatles had deliberately omitted the solo on `` from me to you '' until i looked at the same performance on the `` first visit '' dvd . there it was . total misrepresentation . really a disservice to the artists and to the consumer . if that 's not enough the whole thing is ridiculously arranged with an annoying theme played throughout . and as everyone 's mentioned you 're paying for 9 discs when you should be paying for 4 or 5 . by all means pass on this box .
 ... I think it 's ultimately a good set to own it is a great disappointment and , dare I say , a bit of a ripoff ? First of all , Rhino could have easily kept this collection at well under 7 or even 6 discs , but no , they just had to pad it and make it seem like you 're getting more bang for your buck , which you not . Second , why some of the duplication -LRB- which is inexcusable -RRB- , and I really would like a clarification from Rhino as to whether they actually did shorten the clips themselves , or are we seeing them exactly as they aired ? Also , where are the other performances that were left off ? I am not familiar with everyone who was on the show but where are The Byrds and The Seekers ? Who knows what other great artists were omitted ? They could have put ALL of The Beatles ' Sullivan show performances on one disc , including the ones that were left off altogether . Another question I have , although it is not related to the quality of the discs , is why some bands performed their songs live and some lip-synched . Even the Stones performances were lip-synched , albeit Mick does a good job of faking it.All in all this could have been a truly spectacular collection but it merely ends up as little more than a marketing ploy .
 Save your money !!! Have the 12 DVD set Rock n ' Roll Classics Complete Collection . Performances are shortened versions of full songs . Performances are clipped ! Some videos start immediately without any intro and end before the last notes of the song are completed . Some performances are duplicated . Video quality sucks in some performances and should have been digitally remastered . All video is in 4:3 aspect ratio as expected . Audio is mono , but sounds OK . All performances could probably fit on 6-8 DVDs instead of 12 . Rhino / Sofa Entertainment blew it on this one . Too expensive at $ 149 .
 Let me start by saying this could have been one of the great DVD sets ever released but Rhino really dropped the ball.Some reviewers seem to think they are viewing the complete performances or the performances as `` originally aired '' . Lets clear that up right now . These are the edited performances that aired on VH1 and in no way are they as originally performed on the Ed Sullivan Show in the 50 's , 60 's and 70 's . Anyone who believes they are viewing the original performance need only compare the Beatles Ed Sullivan appearances from `` Beatles Anthology '' or `` Beatles First US Visit '' to the same performances contained in this DVD set . You will then see and hear exactly what you are missing . All songs suffer a similar editing done so skillfully that anyone unfamiliar with the songs or original broadcasts might be fooled . Do n't think for a second that a group fortunate enough to appear on Ed Sullivan 's show would have chosen to perform a `` shortened '' version of their songs . It just did n't happen . Sorry folks , but if you think you are viewing the original performance as aired you are just plain wrong.Because of the price I was convinced that we would now see the full versions of these songs and not the hatchet job we saw on VH1 . But Rhino really fooled us . One reviewer felt that the high price may be due to royalty payments to so many artists . Maybe , but I doubt it . The Hullabaloo DVD series has many artists but the set is very affordable and you get the complete performances as aired . As for groups like the Dave Clark Five being absent -LRB- they made 18 appearances on the Ed Sullivan show -RRB- it 's possible that Dave Clark was able to avoid being part of this project . He was and is very protective of the usage of the DC5 material . But if he could avoid it then surely Apple -LRB- the Beatles management -RRB- would have disassociated themselves from this set as well . They are highly protective of the Beatles and would have opted out if possible . But that 's another debate.Sound quality is as good as you can expect from mono sources so long ago . Remember , Ed did n't broadcast in stereo . The so called 5.1 mix is just processed mono but does give the sound more depth than the plain mono track.Overall this set is just a huge disappointment for the serious collector but may satisfy the casual fan although at quite a price . I would return mine for a refund if I could . I would really like to see Rhino post a response on this site and explain their decisions .
 I saw this coming a mile away ... I 've seen those network `` Ed Sullivan '' retrospectives and have cringed all the way through as songs were cut in half -LRB- or worse -RRB- . They are so carved up and edited down , it 's really a shame.When I saw this set advertised , I was hoping that MAYBE , just maybe , the folks who run the Ed Sullivan estate and the company which puts his footage out had finally `` got it . '' Oh , how wrong I was.Oh , yeah , there are about 144 performances , but not one song is complete . Adding insult to injury , each DVD runs a scant 60 mins . Meaning this 9 DVD set could easily have fit on 4 disks - and cost the consumer a lot less money.One day - hopefully in my lifetime - the powers that be will come to their senses and release `` Ed Sullivan
 Buyers beware ! Most of the performances on this Ed Sullivan DVD box set have been cut . How in the world can you take a 2 minute song and cut it ? Well , Rhino found a way . This would have been a great set if all 144 songs were complete . Surely they had enough space on each DVD -LRB- 60 minutes per disc ? Come on -RRB- . I 'm sending my set back for a refund .
 I made a tremendous mistake thinking that I could trust Rhino . I 've purchased many of their releases in the past and have almost always been quite happy with them . Their two Nuggets box sets are a joy . But this DVD box is just a plain mess and a total disappointment ! If there are specific performances that you want , stick to the individual DVD 's which are also being released separately.What 's wrong with this ? Geez , where to begin ? First , the entire running length of this nine DVD series is less than nine hours , meaning the discs average less than one hour each . Thus , the entire set could easily have fit on four DVD 's . The performances are arranged in a very clumsy way so that bands like The Beatles have their clips scattered across several DVD 's . Liner notes are non-existent and the viewer must rely on between performance commentary to pick up info , which sometimes does n't even include original airdates . And several perforances are repeated in the series , including The Jefferson Airplanes ' `` Crown of Creation '' showing up twice on the same disc ! What the hell is that all about ?? There are other problems and little annoyances spread throughout , such as box set credits rolling two to three times on per DVD , Ed 's endless signoffs and many truncated versions of songs.All in all , I ca n't remember being so disappointed with something that could have been so great . This set is a plain waste of money . Rhino should be ashamed for foisting this on the public.The ONLY reason that this set deserves one star is because much of the old footage is beautiful to watch and several of the performances are really good . But do n't let that fool you into plunking down big bucks for this ! It 's a very poor value .
 The reviews on this box seem to vary from great to rotten . Yes , I agree that it 's got some value due to its historic content . But make no mistake , these performances are chopped . The thing that burns me up , is that its not just long jams that are cut , but very short songs also . To end all confusion with artists doing shortened versions on purpose , I ask you to view the DVD of The Beatles
 I 'd seen the original Ed Sullivan Shows from the mid-60 's to the end , the syndicated versions during the early 90 's and the `` Ed Sullivan Rock and Roll Classics '' episodes on VH-1 , so I was ready for a real treat . I was n't sure what I was getting because the outside box gives very little information concerning any kind of track listing , something you 'd expect for a 9-volume set , but I took a gamble anyway . Man was I shocked to find out that this is just a collection of the syndicated `` Rock and Roll Classics '' episodes , minus commercials . No DVD runs longer than 65 minutes , so I agree that the whole 9 DVD set -LRB- which runs less than 9 hours -RRB- could have fit on no more than 4 DVDs . There is also no reason why several identical performances are repeated . Each DVD has two or three episodes with the same repeated openings/closings , and all kind of really useless newsreel footage clogging up the set . The performances are sharp and sound crisp , and probably will be a lot of fun if you 've never seen Sullivan 's show or have n't seen it in a long while . There were so many performances that could have been included in this set from the Bee Gees `` Words '' to Ike and Tina Turner 's `` Proud Mary '' to Tiny Tim 's fascinating rendition of `` Earth Angel '' , but this skimpy , padded box set is just ... If you can rent this , or buy it used it 's worth a peep , otherwise do n't shell out big bucks for it
 I know there seems to be an ongoing debate whetherthese performances are full-length or not , but takeit from someone who watched this show faithfullyevery week , and then later saw the chopped-up , syndicated versions . THESE PERFORMANCES ARE NOTCOMPLETE . Some of them end just as they are pick-ing up steam . It 's a shame the way Rhino orwhoever has butchered this legacy . This set is a HUGE disappointment !
 In short , the value you get out of this box set is worth rubbish.Each of the nine DVD 's had only 60 minutes on each , which could of easily been cut down to 3 or 4 DVD 's . In addition they cut down each song even though they are short enough in the full versions . I 'm warning you
 After I had seen this movie in the cinema , I got home , and my roommate was doing some paperwork . I sat down in his lazy chair.After several minutes , he asked me
 I see what the director was aiming for , but the execution is so poor and the script so humorless that the project becomes a jacknifing trainwreck . Steve Martin , trying to be serious in his white beard , is particularly awful . I laughed myself off my seat .
 I saw this movie in the theatre with some friends when it first came out . We barely made it through this train wreck without walking out . I immediately considered it to be among the worst movies I 'd ever seen . How gratifying to see that many professional critics had the same sentiments . Long , boring , pretentious , PC , etc. , etc. . A torturous waste of time .
 The acting
 Loved the long-overdue critical drubbing Grand Canyon received in last month 's New York Times . Basically , the writers asserted that films that aspire to greatness - social forklifts , awkwardly `` elevating '' the human spirit - give bad films a bad name . Filmgoers can frequently tell , from the jackknifing trailers alone , when a movie - like Grand canyon - is going to stink like roadkill on the grille of a Greyhound . Bad films wear their ingredients the way soup labels do . To be really bad , a film should be pretentious and sententious . It should seek to change your life . -LRB- Anti-genius is one-percent perspiration , and 99 percent aspiration . -RRB- It should be , above all , entirely humorless.The article offered a list of Avoidance Rules - a sort of moviegoers equivalent of the warnings issued by flight attendants before takeoff . Locate the exit nearest you , the writers said , before screening any film directed by big-name male actors or Brian DePalma , any film that features Robin Williams in a beard , any film scored by John Williams , any film starring Juliette Binoche or Kevin Costner , any film that features Robin Williams clean-shaven , any film directed by a woman and proud of it , anyfilm that features Robin Williams in a yarmulke and any film positively reviewed by anyone associated with National Public Radio . Not to mention
 This movie consists of a bunch of unrelated tragedies in Los Angeles , having nothing at all to do with the Grand Canyon.The dialog consists of people exchanging meaningless comments at cross purposes . Nothing happens . Nothing is decided.Steve Martin is totally miscast in trying to be a serious character.he is better off just standing in front of a tv camera and telling jokes.It seemed as if this movie took about 12 hours.There is no observable plot.After a while the screen says `` The End . ''
 Obvioulsy , everybody involved in this project thought they were making a masterpiece . They did n't . The result is one of the most boring movies ever made , irritantingly slow , trying to be `` great '' , `` give a message '' , but is so obvious it made me sick !
 I have never heard of this movie . I 'm am going to be attending a film school in Chicago this fall and i feel i need to take a bath or somehow get that time back in my life that i wasted watching this movie . When the movie concluded I basically compared it to , Cobra with Mr. Stallone and movies like american pie . Horrible type movies that are made for the sake of making money . I am currently a freshman at a community college and the class was forced to watch this garbage for my Eng 103 class . The teacher is a little crazy and wierd , so it kind of fit that she would make us watch a horrible movie . and for those of you calling this movie a `` film '' i think not . When you say the word movie i think of `` Grand Canyon '' `` Sudden Death '' `` Under Siege '' `` Animal House '' `` kickboxer '' `` total recall '' , and when you say film , things that come to mind are `` Schindler 's List '' American Beauty '' `` The Man Who Was n't There '' `` Good Will Hunting '' `` The Godfather '' `` On the Waterfront '' `` A Streetcar Named Desire '' films of that caliber , calling Grand Canyon a film is truly ridicoulus and those people need a reality check . This Would have been better of a tv movie fit into 45 minutes , however even then i wouldnt have watched it ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ please , i 'm begging you if you buy this movie you 'll regret it , so do n't . Just remember you 'll never get that time back in your life . Horrible movie , try one of the films I listed and stay away from this one .
 I FELT THIS MOVIE WAS A WASTE OF TIME AND THE DIRECTOR SHOULD NEVER DIRECT AGAIN !!!! IT TRIED TO PUT EVERYBODY 'S LIFE IN THE MOVIE , INSTEAD OF CONCENTRATING ON GLOVER AND KLINE .
 Nearly twenty years after the fact , I caught Grand Canyon for the second time today . While I do n't have as much distaste for it as I did back then , it still does n't do much for me . As I often do , I read the positive reviews and the requisite negative comments to those who gave it one star to see if I missed something . It 's always amusing to me how people chose the ridiculous and arrogant reply that someone `` does n't get it '' if they happen to dislike a movie . To that end , there is little to get about Grand Canyon . It certainly is n't subtle and neither is the smugness that runs throughout it . This is a rich white guy 's movie version of Rodney King 's plea for everyone to get along.The character of Mack , a Wonder Bread Angelino if there ever was one , stands at the center of this movie because he has an encounter that jolts him out of his mid-life ennui , but he spends so much time wrestling with his inner motives that I 'm never quite sure he has really made the transformation . Comically enough , the producer played by Steve Martin is arguably the most honest of them all , although an argument can be made for Danny Glover 's Simon , the moral center of the movie . Both of these characters see the folly in looking inward to the point of being blind to everything around you.Kevin Kline 's Mack agonizes over his lost opportunity to pay it forward and then wrings his hands over the choices he makes to finally rectify this colossal life crisis . It 's a grandiose and eager-to-a-fault premise that simply did n't work for me , possibly because Mack is a largely unlikable person . He cheats on his wife but then has a change of heart and simply wants to pretend nothing happened . The girl he fooled around with -LRB- played by Mary-Louise Parker -RRB- is suffering from heartbreak and the feeling of being used , exacerbated by the fact that Mack is her boss , yet Mack ca n't seem to understand why she wants to quit . Even though she tries to explain , the point is lost on him . Just how aware is this guy ? He wants to save Simon -LRB- who clearly does n't need saved at all -RRB- but ca n't see the problems with his secretary or even empathize with his wife 's desire to adopt an abandoned baby . Mack wants to help but in a narcissistic way - he wants to clear his conscience and feel good about himself and seems oblivious to everyone around him . I 'm never convinced his motives are greater than his own self-satisfaction . Mack is a weak person trying to make a difference in the world yet by-passing the most obvious places to start . In short , there is no need to have Parker 's character in the movie at all because Kasdan choses to do nothing with her and , worse yet , make her seem unstable and pathetic . It 's more important that angsty Mack fix up his newfound black friend with a date than address the far-more pressing issues staring him in the face . In the end , all 's well that ends well and the credits roll as all the happy people stare in awe at the Grand Canyon.Grand Canyon is a lightweight social commentary that plays more like a feel-good movie than a powerful observation -LRB- e.g. `` Crash '' -RRB- . There are some decent scenes but it says very little in the final analysis . It 's a movie that seems to not fully understand the tragic joke in Martin 's comment that all of life 's answers are found in the movies ; as if Kasdan wants us to believe he 's being ironic when in fact he was being serious .
 When I watch a movie , I do n't want to be thinking about the implied content of the dialogue , or the underlying meaning of the plot , or how the sound track does or does n't add to the mood . I just want to watch the darn thing and get lost in whatever story is being told . This movie did n't allow me to get lost in it for one single second . Instead , it pointed to itself over and over again - look at how wonderful I am!Well , it was n't wonderful . The dialogue was painfully unnatural , designed to make a point rather than to let us see into the characters . The characters themselves were cardboard cutouts - the dissatisfied husband , the wife who ca n't let go of her son -LRB- although , she does n't want to pick him up after school -RRB- , the poor , but honorable , black people -LRB- absolutely essential if you want your movie to make a Point -RRB- , rich , but clueless white people -LRB- also essential if you want your movie to make a Point -RRB- , and everyone , of course , lives in LA , because it is impossible for any other city on earth to have poor people , rich people and dangerous thugs all in one place.The only good thing about this film -LRB- aside from one line delivered , and probably written , by Steve Martin -RRB- , was being able to look again at the young , beautiful faces of Alfre Woodard and Mary McDonnell , two of the finest actresses of our time . I feel like the Kasdans owe them -LRB- and Steve Martin , and Kevin Kline , and Danny Glover , etc , etc -RRB- an apology .
 It 's almost laughable to me that people thought -LRB- or still think -RRB- that the screenplay for ` Grand Canyon ' was its best asset . I mean , seriously , this is ` Crash ' level sized awfulness in a cup . The clich&eacute;d themes and the preposterous overwrought-ness of the whole thing is enough to make you nauseous with stupidity . There is n't a sincere note in the script , even though it tries really hard to make you think it is . That is another problem , but the Ron Howard-esque schmaltzy saccharine sympathies lathered onto the main characters is just unflattering and really makes the audience -LRB- or at least me -RRB- cringe with discomfort.Why are you trying so hard?But alas , there is a redeeming factor here , and in keeping with my ` Crash ' comparison , it is the acting . When it comes to ensemble performances , ` Grand Canyon ' hit a jackpot . Nearly every player is giving it their all , and while they are left juggling some unwelcomed ridiculousness , they handle it with more class than it is worth . Danny Glover is especially timely as the soft spoken yet firm tow-truck driver who is hesitant to accept that gratitude of Kevin Kline 's character . The way he delivers a subtle low-key performance is commendable considering that theatrical nature of the film itself.There are a few films that have tackled this ` interwoven ' tapestry like way of storytelling , and I happen to like this type of film as a rule . I appreciate Alejandro Gonz&aacute;lez I & ntilde ; &aacute;rritu more than most , and we all know that Robert Altman might as well have invented this ` genre ' since he basically mastered it . Sadly , Lawrence Kasdan does n't weave this story in a way that feels compelling or even moving . It feels so forced and so overdone that it leaves an uneasy feeling on my stomach .
 I paid over ... bucks for the the 9 disc boxed set and did n't buy it from a store but ordered on line , so I could n't get the refund I SO deserved . Rhino . . you should be ashamed of yourself for duking lovers of this classic period in Americana . Some oif the performances are cut , Diana Ross and The Supremes ' version of Love is Like An Itching in My Heart was part of a 3 song medley when it originally aired -LRB- complete w/classic Supremes choreography -RRB- and you butchered the other 2 songs . And that 's just the start ... Folks do n't buy this or any other Sullivan `` shew '' compilation unless all it 's the full content of the show . And where is Shirley Bassey ?
 The average time for each DVD is about 40 minutes , which gives you time for 4-5 artists doing shorter versions of the songs you know.Some are cut ridiculously short . It 's fun to watch , but expected more for the money and it would have been better to compile all of this onto 2-3 discs and sell for about 40-50 dollars less . Rhino - You blew it !!
 The custodian at CBS swept the cutting room floor and handed the assemblage off to a dim-witted chimp for editing.Frustratingly small snippets of songs.Try this only if you suffer from attention deficit disorder , otherwise you 'll be suffering from videoitis interruptus .
 De reason why they cut some videoclips is all about rights . As you noticed this dvd came out on a major . In some cases , some of the rights of the performing artists on this dvd are not with this company . However , to get clearance , they have to cut it down , so if you want the whole version , you simply have to buy it from the company where the rights are ... I think this is very bad , specially if you see the price tag ...
 The Four Tops , the Supremes , Johnny Rivers , and the Four Seasons were highlights of a mediocre DVD . The Tops did a surprisingly short medley of three of their hits . They looked great up there and there were some humorous parts -LRB- I thought -RRB- . The Supremes looked wonderful as well and Diana primped and sang her heart out , but `` My World is Empty Without You '' was a little too happy for the song 's mood and I 've yet to figure out what the happening of `` The Happening '' is . Johnny Rivers was incredibly stiff and seemed nervous . The song ended rather abruptly . I was impressed by the Four Seasons as well ; being able to visualize that nasally sound from Frankie Valli was wonderful .
 This movie was made to appeal to those with an intelligence level in the mid thirties . The film itself is a take off on the original Kong film with Fay Wray . The original was one of the greatest films ever made . This one is nothing but an embarassment to Peter Jackson who has done better work . Why anyone ever thought to make this piece of trash is beyond me . This is one movie which I gave a lower rating to than Jeepers Creepers . I never thought I would see a movie that would accomplish that feat . This movie was so bad that I would n't sit through it if I had a gun to my head . I would beg them to shoot me so as to put me out of my misery .
 I do n't know i like movies about `` monsters-breaking-free-and-destroying-things '' type-of movies but this ? ... THIS WAS OVER-DONE !!! I mean i like movies like jurassic park 1,2,3 . But this was too much !!! centipedes , dinosaurs , monkeys and giant birdsbut there 's just too much of them 1 hour of talking ,1 hour of destruction and another hour of just screaming through the city ??!!?? then add-in kong liking this one person and she liked him wait whaaat ?? ok that 's just WEIRD !!! what the heck were they thinking when they made this ?? this is just a total mess of whatever they could put together and make a little bit of sense out of.then kong dies at the end but if he died in the first version why did they make SEQUELS ??? : -LRB-
 The one star is for the special effects and the sets ... the acting was abysmal ! I 'm a Jack Black fan , but this was the biggest casting mistake I 've ever seen . Adrian Brody seemed like he 'd rather be back in Dresden , and although Naomi Watts showed some flashes and looked like she was ready to do some real acting at a moment 's notice , she eventually succumbed to poor writing and directing.After a solid hour of tedious and unsuccessful character development , this indulgent movie spent another hour trying to decide if it was Jurassic Park or Lord of the Rings . Even the spectacular climax , with its peerless and amazing animation , became so dragged-out that by the time the beast was done in by the beauty , boredom had killed the movie .
 Please people , stop going to see remakes . If we stop going , they will stop making them . Jackson 's Kong was worse than the 70 's remake of Kong . Much worse . I agree 100 % with Floyd the Barber 's review . The only thing I will add is that the scene in NYC when Kong finds Anne in the backlite street is a contender for top 2 worst movie moments in history . The audience I saw this with laughed out loud at this moment . I had serious high hopes for this film . I went to the midnight opening for pete 's sake . But just like the new Star Wars films these hack filmmakers have let the public down . Most people in this country do n't have health care . But they waste millions of dollars on crap films like this . So my call to action is to not give them any more of our hard earned money . Ban all remakes . Tell Hollywood to get new ideas or get out ! Thank you , that is all .
 King Kong was three hours of unbelievable , boring , plotless , nonstop , predictable cliche action . After the first hour I was squirming in my seat , wishing I was at home doing something interesting . The only good points of this movie are the special effects . I did n't like this film because it lacked creative content , there was hardly a plot , no worthwhile moral , all tied together with meaningless action .
 Sheessshhhh !!!! Just how mindless , pointless , stupid , and totally overrated can a movie be anyway?This motion picture , `` King Kong , '' features a group of explorers who go to this island , kill some villagers there , and then kidnap this poor , love-struck , innocent , giant gorilla , bring it to their city and then shoot it to death . How merciless ! You 'd think they 'd at LEAST let Mr. Kong have a weapon of his own with which to defend himself . Anyway , you get to sit through all this mindless nonsense for a whopping 3 hours or so . Furthermore , this pile of gorilla droppings had even managed to win an Academy Award -LRB- just how much money DO those things cost anyway ?? -RRB- . Adding insult to injury , it even gets a special three-disc deluxe edition release from the studio combined with a special HD-DVD release from Microsoft . The filmmakers , the Academy , Microsoft , the IDMb users -LRB- Hint
 I almost passed on renting this and just bought it . I like Peter Jacksons films . Loved LOTR . But this is garbage . The CG looks good by itself , but when live and CG is mixed , looks HORRIBLE !!! Jurassic Park one looked A LOT better . The fight scene with the T Rex and Kong was just too unbelieveable . T Rex fully biting into Kong and no damage whatsoever ?!?!?! Come on . Sure am glad I just rented it . I totally agree with all the other one star reviews . Rent it do n't buy it .
 Minus 1 star for the dino stampeed with people running scenes which looked fake and were logically awful . The raptors kill brontos , but a soft kick to the head by a fleeing human knocks them down ? The special effects were terrible here and you can tell the actors do n't know where to look cause they do n't know where the CGI 's are supposed to be.Minus 1 star for the whole Jimmy character/subplot . He has this special bond with some black dude and tries to prove himself by being brave . He can also shoot bugs that are crawling on someone , while shaking holding a gun , no problem . Jimmy should have been cut into deleted scenes.I also disliked
 Peter Jackson has gone from talented visionary to presumptuous director with this pile of gorilla dung . The only thing good about this movie was the acting . This movie was overblown , over the top and reached new depths of eye rolling . I never thought that action could be so boring . I -LRB- a wan na be artist -RRB- never would have guessed that I -LRB- also a fan of directorial artistic freedom -RRB- could make the following statement ... A producer that could have reined Jackson in a bit would have only benefitted this picture . This film was an extension of the problems that surfaced in the vastly superior Lord of the Rings -LRB- few , but they were there and more prevalent as the trilogy went on -RRB- . This film was also a victim of the LotR success . It never seemed to finds it 's rhythm with me and never could figure out what it wanted to be . I also think it 's incredibly pretentious to hear so many people praise the great character development in this film , as if time was all that is needed to `` properly '' develop characters . Sorry , there are many movies that do as well of a job at character development in much less time . Another reviewer wrote that this film was not as good as the sum of it 's parts . Aptly put because the film is filled with fantastic scenes , unfortunately it 's filled with just as many over the top scenes . This movie did not live up to expectations at the Box Office , 51st overall currently at IMDB in total US with approx . $ 218mil , while seemingly respectable were not good considering the $ 200mil this movie cost to make . Obviously not everyone could have enjoyed it . Or is it that they simply did n't bother ? For my money , I 'm still sticking with the original , it 's still the archetype of action/adventure movies as cinematic art . Jackson 's version was just too much to stomach and I think it was a presumptuous imitation of the original by an otherwise talented director .
 Overlong , overblown , self indulgent , garish , excessive , dark , menacing , miscast , misdirected , colossal , stupendous , unentertaining , stinker ! Looks like it was made by the Discovery Channel . Only thing missing is Alistair Cooke 's voice over . Lovable characters ... there are n't any ! By the time -LRB- almost an hour -RRB- you get to the ape who gives a ! @ # $ % & * . Made me view the 1976 version as a masterpiece ! As for how the original compares to this ? Let 's say thats like comparing gold to a lemon . Just like a lemon this film has a bitter taste to it . Do n't waste 3 long hours of your life on this unrewarding rambling Jungle Bungle . it 's terrible !
 I was prepared for this to be lousy and it was . But I did n't expect itto be lousier by far even than the Dino De Laurentis Opus of 1976 . I 'm convinced Academy Award Winner Peter Jackson ca n't really direct atall . Lord of the Rings was wooden , empty , barely plotted and inhuman.All the Ring 's backgrounds were phony Computer Matte and they suckedand made the story look like a cartoon . It did n't help that he reducedhis Rings characters to cartoons too.The same problem exists in King Kong . The actors do n't have a thing todo with one another . They act in a vacuum , as if they 're not sharingthe same movie.The new version was supposed to be a paean to the original 1933 Kong.It is set in the thirties . The computer matted skull island sketcheswould n't convince an eight year old . They stink . Then there are thejurassic park-like dinosaurs . This section is so phony , they would haveimproved the movie by simply cutting every bit of it out . The Kongfigure is not great , nor even as moving as the 1933 Ape , but theGorilla is so much more realistic than the dinosaur figures he fightsthat they have no business being in the same fight with him.A good Kong will have a human response to the Fay Wray character , butthat is never managed . Kong the character is awful . A permanent exileto New Zealand for Jackson is called for here.Seventeen members of the Venture crew who look for an eighth wonder ofthe World on Skull Island die . Two of them include a black guy wholooks like the late Jackie Robinson and a white kid , who is readingHeart of Darkness in preparation for the assault on the island . Thereading and the relationship of these two characters is supposed toundercut the extraordinary racism of King Kong . All the Kong moviesborrow from Heart of Darkness and its aura of Black Voodoo and racism.The black guy is killed by Kong , and the kid too . It does n't matterthat they are , because the strange friendship between these two isfinally meaningless.The screenplay , co-written by director Jackson , is not careful aboutdetails and story points . For that failure alone , King Kong is a ruin.At one point a bunch of aimless dinosaurus are stomping through thecrew members of the Venture , even stepping past them , but never killingany of the principals . Its as if they 're not really chasing them at allafter awhile , just stampeding downhill WITH them , due to the steepnessof the mountain.The blacks on Skull Island are carefully coiffed , corked and paintedwith varieties of appliances and makeup never seen before on any blackfrom Africa or the US . This is a gesture of political correctness
 There is about an hour and a half of plot yet the movie is three hours long . Half the actors ca n't act , Naomi Watts does a fine job at making her character 1 dimensional and uninteresting . Even the special effects get tedious , just giant stuff just keeps attacking people and that 's the movie they do n't even make it very exciting . You just hope the characters get killed . There 's about 10 people on the ship and then the number keeps changing , people and people who get killed just randomly reappear in the film . It 's terribly bad , just because Peter Jackson made it does n't make it great .
 This was the worst movie I 've seen in a long time . At first I thought the awful acting was a parody . Then I realized the movie was trying to take itself seriously . A pardoy could 've been done in 90 minutes . At 90 minutes , this painful experience was just getting warmed up . Terrible acting , terrible believability -LRB- ok , maybe that 's my fault - expecting plausible stories in a giant gorilla movie -RRB- , boring pace , and awful execution . About the only thing the movie had going for it were a couple beautiful shots on skull island.Peter Jackson undid all the goodwill he earned from the Lord of the Rings trilogy .
 Let me start out by stating that the movie was terrific ! That is not the problem . My gripe is with BSE ENTERTAINMENT , INC. . The outside mail covering was in perfect shape . The inside DVDs were intact , but the three DVD holder inside was smashed to totally unusable pieces ! My problem is , in my opinion , that the product had to have been shipped in less than satisfactory condition . If I 'm wrong , then I 'm wrong , but the outside shipping envelope did not have as much as a tear on it . CHEESY!I have ordered quite a few DVDs and a few CDs from different companies and have been EXTREMELY satisfied . This is the first complaining review that has been submitted by me . This package was delivered on May 17 , 2011 and has been nagging at me ever since because I can not find another DVD holder for 3 DVDs -- even if one was available , why should it have to be paid for?It would be nice if BSE ENTERTAINMENT , INC sent me an empty holder for their damaged product . As of now , the three discs are in three separate DVD holders , which is not satisfying.Sometimes , paying a little more from a company you have dealt with before -- and trust -- is worth it . Has anyone else out there had this problem with this company . As stated in the title , It appears from the massive destruction of the holder , that King Kong finally got his revenge !
 Long,boring,cookie-cutter nonsense.This Kong is a CGI video game with NONE of the depth of the 1933 model -LRB- which managed to tell the story in half the time -RRB- I never once bought into it.And Jack Black . . I 'm sorry . . he 's a movie star ? Is n't the Love Boat still on ? He 's the worst actor I 've ever seen , The rest of the cast is fine but are betrayed by the poorly written script . $ 207 million to shoot this?They could have made 20 GOOD movies.Rent The 1933 classic & The 1949 Mighty Joe Young instead.Thats 3 hours well spent .
 3 + hours for a 60 minute story ... Peter Jackson went far beyond the deep end with special effects that were there for no purpose beyond , well , having special effects because , darn it , he could have them . Stick with the original - the effects may be primative , but they served a real purpose . And where the characters actually evoked real relationships with each other . The cardboard acting between Adrian Brody and Naomi Watts was stupendous in its lack of chemistry . Then there was the scene between Kong and Watts in which her character suddenly bursts into such a wide array of ... heck , I still ca n't figure it out . But is certainly was embarrassing.It is a sad day when the the best actor in the movie was the animation of Kong . Without a doubt this was top notch . I truly felt sorry when Kong finally slipped away at the end . -LRB- Fans of Cameron 's Titanic might remember how DiCaprio 's character finally slipped away into the void , and Kong 's last breath was not only reminiscent of that but seemed to have been stolen from it . -RRB- But even Kong 's heroic acting ability , down to the very end , was decimated by Jackson 's inability to keep excess in check.I 'm amazed that a director who actually believes he was born to direct King Kong could do the story such a major disservice ... I liked the Lord of the Rings trilogy ... I had been hoping Kong would demonstrate an ability to trim some of the tendency to excess from those movies , but it was not to be . It was n't Kong that really went off the deep end in the end - it was Jackson all along .
 For the first 45 minutes to an hour my wife and I were really pleased with this film . It was engaging ; it started to develop the story and the characters , and promised to be really entertaining . In fact , it reminded me of how effectively movie makers of the 1930 's and 40 's could tell a story and engage you in the telling of it . Then , the main characters reached the island of Skull Mountain and the special effects began to run amok in the film much like King Kong ran amok in New York city.Once the special effects were introduced , they violently -LRB- very violently , in fact -RRB- wrenched away control of the story from the director and began an almost non-stop convulsion , a flood , an avalanche , a torrent of mindless computer-generated effects . Kong stomping dinosaurs . Dinosaurs stomping men . Men stomping giant insects . Kong contemplating the sunset . It was as if the XF crew became addicted and lost control of the sequences , and could no longer discern when special effects were helpful and required to move the story along or when they were thoughtlessly trampling on it . Overdone ? Holy cow!At one point the graphics people push the story so far out of the way they decided , for whatever bizarre reason , that it would be really good to show King Kong ice skating in Central Park ! They were wrong.I was lured to this film because I was familiar with the story , and because this 2005 re-telling won the Academy Award for Visual Effects . In fact , many of the visual effects are stunning -- but only when they are not ridiculously over done , and that is not often enough.My assessment is that when the film is good , it is very , very good . But when it is bad , it is horrid . Unfortunately the good part lasts less than half way through .
 I was able to google some stuff while my hubby watched the movie . I thought it was `` unusual '' . I did enjoy watching Kong 's emotions though . That was probably the best part .
 This movie was in and out of the theaters in a heart beat - deservedly so . The word tht comes to mind is `` gravitas '' or the lack thereof . Just listen to the delivery of the last line of the movie . No gravitas and no heart . I doubt anybody will be talking about this movie 70 years later .
 At 3 hours plus , you go in wondering just what it is that is going to take up that much time . In the end , it 's Naomi Watts 's face . It 's a pretty face , but there are entire scenes dedicated to her making soulful eyes at Kong , and getting the same in return . It 's overdone to the point of near creepiness . They hammered at it until you start to wonder if the heroine has , well , certain issues.There are high points . The `` traffic pileup '' of dinosaurs has to be seen to be believed , and the scene with Kong on ice managed to be genuinely touching and funny . Somewhere in here was a great one and a half hour movie . It just got lost under a vast , idealized , slightly creepy woman/ape relationship.One warning for adults - the movie is clearly being pitched to kids , and uncritical kids at that . Crank suspension of disbelief to the maximum setting . An example
 Why are they extending a movie that was WAY too long to begin with ? IO LOVE Peter Jackson 's LOTR 's trilogy , -LRB- and some would say those movies were long , too . -RRB- But , the difference between King Kon & LOTR 's is there were characters who you CARED about there fate . Plus , even though I hated the cuts between Treebeard & Helm 's Deep , -LRB- which would have been a long battle sequence if not for the cuts , -RRB- what happens here is that Jackson OVERDOES it . You have dinosaurs who try to bite Ann , you have what I can only think are mutated , gigantic bugs , a stampede , that you can clearly tell is CGI , -LRB- I thought I even noticed the dinosaurs legs going through the people like they were ghosts , or something . Now , these things would have been ok at maybe 3 or 4 minutes , but , just when you think it 's over , it just goes on & on . I just wanted to scream at the screen , ENOUGH ! Just get on with it . They could have taken out the whole bug attack & made at least a somewhat better movie . I mean , they have these Tommy Guns & the audience is uppose to belieev they are gon na shoot bullets at this guys back with a bug on it , kill the bug , but NOT him . I do n't mind SOME suspension of disbelief , but DO N'T insult my intelligents . That guy would have been RIDDLED with bullets . It was n't a Walter PPK , it was a Tommy Gun , for cryin ' out loud . They coul dhave cut some of this & used it for something the movie REALLY lacked , CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT !!! It 's bad when you only feel for a giant monkey . I mean , I know you are suppose to feel bad for him at the end , but what about the humans ? Anyhow , maybe the extended version will incorperate this , but I 'm not buying it . Oh , & one more thing , that tribe when they gget to Skull Island . Is it just me or when that one triberperson was chanting something about King , did anyone else think about taht witch , or whoever it was from Princess Bride ? I almsot said , `` Bow down to teh Princess of Mud , the Queen od Slim . BOO ! BOO ! BOOOOO ! ''
 Cabot , Armstrong , Wray , the rest of the cast and the crew of the original King Kong must be turning over in their graves . What the heck were the new cast and crew thinking when they made this piece of ???? . Come on , King Kong sliding/skating around on an ice pond holding Ann in his hand !? Denham acting like a buffoon the entire show ! Driscoll looking like he should have been a scout troop leader -LRB- Girl 's -RRB- . And Ann , well she could n't act her way out of a paper bag , much less scream like Fay Wray did in the original . What a letdown . With all the money and technology available today this could have been a blockbuster . Sad , Sad , Sad .
 I have never felt strongly enough about a movie to force me to type a review but everyone else seems to be afraid to say what needs to be said about this one . First off lets forget about this Peter Jackson made LOTR so now I have to bow to him as my new god crap that everyone is doing.First off in all seriousness this movie is too long . By the end of the movie all I could think about was getting up and leaving . I 'm not saying it 's bad because it 's long though . I 'm saying it 's bad because nothing happens that is important very offten . Some movies need to be very long but this one does not . Your sitting there an hour before you even get to see King Kong.The next big flaw in the movie are the characters . We spend an hour before they get to the island and yet we still do n't care about them . Even Kong had this problem . In the past at least you felt bad for the thing but now he is nothing more than a spoiled brat . Then theres the people we do n't know whose sole purpose is to die because we ca n't kill anyone if theres a chance someone might remember there name when the movie is over . Even Ann who should have died just from being held in Kong 's hand as he runs . The human body can only be shaken so much . But she comes out of it without the slightest of bruse good for her.In the whole three hours there was only few good parts . When Kong fought the V-rex I was ammused for a few seconds . Just all in all the movie was trying to hard to live up to the hype . Just because Peter Jackson made it does n't make it an epic to define the ages . I think I 'll go watch Godzilla trash New York . At least that was entertaining .
 My six-year old saw a billboard for this and said `` that sign says King Kong but it 's not King kong , it 's just a silverback gorilla . '' I 've never been so proud of my boy!Jackson returns to the adolescent indulgence of his early horror movies with the big-budget gloss of those insufferable Ring movies . Too bad , Heavenly Creatures showed such promise.Get the original . It more than holds up and outclasses this steaming heap by a mile .
 This movie is about 2 hours too long . After a very promising beginning the scenes of depression era New York City look well researched and lovingly recreated this film heads down hill fast . We meet the principles soon enough with each ' motivation for taking this journey -LRB- which ends at Skull Island -RRB- . As much as director Peter Jackson tries there is little chemistry between the two -LRB- human -RRB- leads which comes back to haunt the movie in it final scenes . Once at Skull Island get ready for some violent , freaky looking island natives and nonstop battles with dinosaurs , giant insects and other creatures beyond description . Watch as the ships crew get smashed , squished and eaten by the islands beast -LRB- minorities first please -RRB- . After what seems an eternity the purpose for all this which is to rescue `` the girl '' finally gets underway you may have forgot all about that 25 foot ape after all this distraction . The transport of Kong is ignored and towards the end we find all survivors back in New York somewhere on Broadway , okay 7th avenue to be exact . Now back in the real world the film ask us to suspend reality while we watch Kong take out his skimpily clad girlfriend for a date which includes ice skating in Central Park and ultimately a lovers lookout on top of the Empire State Building . King Kong itself is the best thing about this movie , the artistry of the creature is spectacular . Jackson has taken a very simple fairy tale and fleshed it out into a bloated if not obese special effects movie with little charm or reason to enjoy .
 Let me preface this by saying that I had great expectations for `` Kong '' because of LOTRs , which Peter Jackson et al. created and put to screen in some of the greatest films since Hollywood 's Golden Age.In my opinion , `` Kong '' failed to live up to the hype -LRB- many newspapers ran stories arguing that it would become only the second movie to gross $ 1 billion in the U.S. -RRB- . The first hour is boring , and not because of the lack of action . It is boring in the contrary to the first hour of `` Spider-Man 2 , '' which contained little first-hour action but maintained a great sense of character development and humor . The next two hours are just too long , espeically the exuberant and exaggerated use of semi-slow motion filming during the Skull Island native scenes -LRB- bringing to mind the ridiculous filmmaking in `` The Patriot '' -RRB- . The whole scene where the giant leeches and bugs kill the party also reflected years of cheesy film violence from inferior filmmakers to Peter Jackson . The writing was less mature and refined than the LOTR series , including the use of profanity and cheesy lines instead of actually showing greater intelligence in the scripting of the movie.I absolutely loved the scenes where Kong was actually on screen and agree with the Academy Awards -LRB- c -RRB- decisions to grant them awards for sound , design , etc. . The T-Rexes vs. Kong scenes were incredible , Anne and Kong 's relationship was much deeper than in previous `` Kongs , '' and the final scenes in New York were masterful.All in all , this movie lacked too much to become either a great movie or a classic movie . 2 or 21/2 stars are all it deserves .
 Forget what the CGI nerds are saying . This film was utterly overdone.Too longPointless actionAbsurd situatons with the CharactersGo see it yourself . Be your own judge . Do n't be a sucker for what these clowns are claiming . PJ is a good director . But King Kong will be the film most remember for it 's mediocre storytelling and entertainment .
 after the triumph of `` lord of the rings '' , peter jackson deserves a pass . well , this was it . he desparately needed a script editor , in that the opening 45 minutes of exposition should have been pared down to 15 at most . the technological `` advances '' since the real film only serve to point up the inadequacy of cgi
 Despite all it 's criticism over the years , I 've always been fond of the 1976 remake of `` King Kong '' and Peter Jackson 's version does n't better it , in my opinion . Obviously the special effects in Jackson 's version far surpass those of De Laurentis ' , but I find the '76 version to be more realistic and less heavy handed . You can actually feel Jackson pulling at your heart strings with his `` Kong , '' and it is is over-played . Additionally , the film is far too long , with a great deal of repetitive and boring scenes . None of the characters , barring Kong , are particularly well-developed . The characterisation of Kong though , is a marvel .
 Its too bad because this film could have been great . The special effects were awesome but as VanHelsing proved , it takes more than that to make a good film . There was just too many scenes that were over the top and unrealistic , like the Brontosaurus scene with our actors running between their legs but incredibly never getting hurt . Cmon guys . In the end You never really care enough about Kong to get sad because there were too many scenes that were ridiculous . The most important element to the film was the romance between woman and beast , and this could have worked , in fact I was praying it would , but it failed because there were too many implausible scenes earlier on , too many ridiculous scenes involoving humans outrunning dinosaurs and what not . Worth seeing , but Ive got to give it a thumbs down . More than anything I was disappointed . The synopsis of the film was
 Hype can be a dangerous thing , look at Star Wars Episode 1 for the best example . In this case however the hype for King Kong never really drew me in to seeing it . Being a huge LOTR fan I started watching this film expecting Peter Jackson to present me with a Epic that had a strong cast with emotional and spine chilling moments.What I got was 3 hours of subpar acting and some of the cheesiest camera angles and shots I have ever seen on film . For example : The overuse of the '' Saving Private Ryan '' invading Normandy beach slowed down shot every time they showed a skull.The HORRIBLE scene where Adrian Brody 's character slowly types in the words `` Skull Island '' into his typewriter and you hear him Slowly saying S. ... K. ... U. ... L. ... L. ... etc etc. . It is cringe worthy.The CGI is laughable , the dinosaurs are horribly done and Kong is nothing to freak out about . I am still trying to figuire out how this film won an oscar for special effects . Most scenes in this film are either over done or just not polished enough . The native scenes are ridiculously slow and boring and the scene where they fall into the pit of bugs gets old after 30 seconds . They do not spend enough time developing characters but expect you to care when they perish , the boy on the ship is a unnecessary character that goes absolutely no where.This film tries very hard but does not deliver in any of the aspects I was hoping it to . Kong is never presented as a MONSTER that he should be presented as in the beginning . It is overall a goofy film that tried to be deep and be 3 hours long whenin reality this film should have been no longer than 2 hours.At the very most this is a rental and should not be approached expecting a timeless classic . This film will be forgotten in 10 years . People have called this film `` Brilliant '' and a `` Classic '' , labeling this version of King Kong anyone of those is about as legit as calling the Holocaust fake .
 ... and some thoughts on why the 1976 version was in some ways better.This new KING KONG is worth a look but I find it not as overwhelmingly great as to justify all the fawning reviews it has received.The first hour DESPERATELY needs trimming.The interaction between the ape and the girl is very very good . The ape is very expressive . Great animation.Some of the actions setpieces are ridiculously overblown -LRB- and run too long -RRB- . I have no problem with humans running from stampeding brontosauruses and Rexes but they survive far too many close calls and calamities for there to be any real sense of danger anymore . A few close calls would have been fun and exciting , but for there to be close call after close call after close call after close call ... it gets silly real quick . And the suspense and sense of danger is diluted to almost nothing.King Kong runs with the girl in his grasp , drops her and recatches her time and time again . Unless she were made of steel or rubber she would have been squashed like a pea long before it was all over . Did n't even break a rib . What the hell is she made from?Things like that , the elements that s-t-r-e-t-ch-h credibility within the confines of a fantasy film , are the kinds of things that cheapen these movies and make them look like expensive video games.I never got a sense that there was much real love between Ann Darrow and the male lead -LRB- Adrian Brody 's character -RRB- . Attraction , sure . But love , no . So when Brody 's character goes through hell and high water to rescue her it seems more an act of chivalry than love.Shall I go on ? Why not.The bi-planes attacking Kong on the top of the Empire State Building -- that part was pretty cool and well-shot -LRB- especially in terms of camera POV and set up , all within the computer , I know -RRB- . I am deathly afraid of heights and those scenes gave my vertigo a real workout.Ann Darrow/Naomi Watts atop the ESB
 Why did we get this ? Okay , the giant-pet idea was kinda cute , but - the dinosaur waterfall ? Really ? REALLY ? Oig .
 With any remake , comparisons to the original are inevitable , especially if the original happens to be a beloved classic generally regarded as one of the greatest films ever made . Basically , another remake of KING KONG is unnecessary . To its credit , the campy 1976 version did n't try to `` ape '' the 1933 film , but totally updated the story to its own era . While the latest rehash was intended as an `` homage '' to the original , it ca n't even stand on its own as an example of good filmmaking.To start with , Peter Jackson 's KING KONG did nothing new for movies so it wo n't be remembered as anything extraordinary 75 years from now . In order for that to happen , a film needs to stand out as different from others of its time and thus be worth talking about long after it came out . The original KONG accomplished this by setting new filmmaking standards in special effects , music scoring and sound recording . Everything comes together so seamlessly in the film that its merits can easily be taken for granted , and often are . KING KONG had huge relevance when it came out in 1933 ; Aside from revolutionizing the film industry , it depicted the Great Depression , something audiences identified with so strongly at the time , and it immortalized the Empire State Building , which was just erected in 1931 and hailed as the epitome of modern engineering and construction . In short , the film was made exactly when it would best have an impact in the world . Peter Jackson 's remake will never achieve that kind of cultural significance because it 's irrelevant from the outset . It does n't speak for its time the way the original did and still does.Greatness is largely measured by originality , and on that note Jackson 's film is nothing more than a plagiarism of Merian C. Cooper 's original concept . At least in the '76 Dino DeLaurentiis version there were no cheap rip-offs of dialogue and musical cues lifted from the original . This kind of borrowing/referring is lost on younger audiences unfamiliar with the original film , and only comes off as gushy overindulgence on Jackson 's part.I also got jaded very fast with all the repetitious CGI glitz I was bombarded with - Kong flies and bounces around with the speed and weightlesness of a Loony Tunes cartoon character . On the other hand , I never fail to marvel at the grittier , hands on visual effects of 1933 which combined stop-motion , glass paintings , full-scale and miniature rear projection , in-camera mattes , and optical printing . The overall results seem even more remarkable today , especially since that brand of genuine artistry has been replaced by generic , computer simulated effects . Jackson 's Kong stretches his mouth too wide when he roars -LRB- a lousy roar by the way -RRB- , and his face and body contort in that watery , exaggerated fashion that is characteristic of CGI in so many current films . It reminded me of the `` rubber hose '' style animation of old cartoons which I do n't mind , and even like - in a cartoon that is . Here , instead of looking realistic it only comes off elastic . To say that the CGI is overdone in this digital blitz is putting it mildly ; it goes beyond credibility because it 's used to depict action that defies physical laws . Despite the way she 's being swung and hurled around , Ann Darrow seems to possess the invulnerability of a superhero in a video game.The other neat thing about the first film is that its story , clocking in at 100 minutes , is fool-proof at that running time ; extend it to over three hours as Jackson did and it just does n't work . It 's the kind of story that should move briskly along without resorting to scene overkill , and Jackson just crosses that line way too often . Witness the excessive dinosaur fights , the senseless bug scenes , that ridiculous ice skating bit -LRB- a real eye roller - Kong turns into Bambi ! -RRB- , and the ponderous , outrageously over the top Empire State Building finale . For all its pretentions toward `` character development '' and other contrivances , this remake manages to omit two of the original 's key exciting sequences
 This movie has some really good acting in it.I would watch it just to see Naomi Watts . She is a baby doll.That said
 I almost walked out of this ridiculous remake ... and now they are making it longer !! Think about it ... Kong goes ice skating in Central Park and in the original he stepped on natives and chomped on several unsuspecting persons ... there is simply no comparison .
 No Titanic People been comparing this movie to Titanic Not even in the same life boat as Titanic . No pun intended ... This Movie was a drag . I found myself looking at my watch every fifteen minutes . As I notice and hour and Ten minutes went by with no signs of King Kong yet . Save your money and time . Not worth it at all !!! The story line nearly hold your attention . The acting all good but for Jack Black with every scene same impression on his face . You could see the roll was a stretch for him better stick to Comedy and stay out of Action/Adventure films . The digital effects were not that good at all . New York City looked like a big model set with cars . Not to Impressive of the times . In fact the 1976 King Kong to me was more realistic and had better effects .
 OK , its only 3 + hours and maybe the opening credit sequence , recreating a depression era New York , is redeeming , but still this is by far one of the worst movie experiences I 've had in a long time . I 'm not liking the stylized , digitally rendered world of modern movies , and this is the epitomy of digital moviemaking.Where to start ? Why watch this movie?Do you like digital monkeys fighting several digital dinosaurs for fifteen minutes at a time ? To lighten things up , every now and then for emotional gravitas , a shot of a passionately concerned Naomi Watts who is in love with a large , killer monkey makes for a good laugh . This monster is killing people , you two do n't make a good couple , enough with the theatrics . In the original , the woman is terrified , and she should be . At this point I 'm dumbfounded by the movie . A fat Jack Black is jogging under a dino 's belly while carrying a large , depression era movie camera . No , I 'm not exaggerating or lying . Him and several other people are running under the belly of a dino . If it was n't ridiculous enough , it looks like a videogame . No realism in the look or the actions of the people . And to make it worse ; some sort of strange made-for-tv blur effect , that is completely out of place with the production style and is used at some of the strangest times.To be honest , somewhere in the middle of the island scenes I went out for a breath of fresh air and to listen to some music in my car . I missed how they catched the large monkey and how they managed to drag it to NY.Oooops , I almost forgot to mention the most inane set of throwaway characters in film history ; The Men of the Boat ! If the entire boat sank midway into the film , not a single amount of concern would be registered by the filmgoers . But the ultimate throwaway character is The Boy Who Ca n't Read . He is reading `` The Heart of Darkness '' . What is great about this - is when bad acting young boy asks shipmate about book , it provides metaphors for Jack Black 's obsessed character , which is actually providing metaphors for monster ego director Peter Jackson . This was done so clumsily I laughed out loud several times , `` Why does he keep going up the river ? ... '' now I 'm getting looks from the audience ; nobody gets my humor!Even Andy Serkis , he of Golumn fame , gets in on the act . From voicing/acting Golumn to this throwaway character , what next , spokesman for Wal-Mart ? Oh , the end ? The monkey and annoying wanna-be actress get married and have three darling little apes , who grow up to run the family business . But really , you want big sweeping shots ? Great , ca n't stand a screen-full of CGI ? Tough , you 're going to get big old sweeping CGI scenes . No dust , grain , or any sense of reality - you 're watching a rendered scene for you to respond with rendered emotions . Digital shots of digital monkey . Cut to ; Naomi Watts in horror as her 1,000 pound digital lover kills left and right . Its all so touching.In closing ; * Nice Depression Era Intro * Throwaway characters * Jack Black miscast * Overdramatic Naomi Watts -LRB- enough with trying over and over to create sympathy for Kong ! -RRB- * Strange blur effect and editing choices * Scenes on the island over the top to the point of being ridiculous . Hanging from the mouth of a raptor during a fight taking place hanging from vines ??? Huh ! Then the running of the dinos and it only gets worse from there . * The rescue of Naomi from Kong and the capture of Kong both ridiculous . The hero climing up a cliff-face and later him jumping off said cliff with her , etc. . Apparently being a screenwriter give one superhumans powers . * The whole over the top , sweeping digital ending.I 'm in my 30 's - I 'm the only one in my group of friends who braved this movie . Never heard much about it - Kong seemed to disappear from the map quickly and deservedly.As much as I liked the LotR series - I would be unlikely to bother seeing a Peter Jackson movie in this lifetime .
 Nightmare . The first thing Kong touches is her -LRB- blond -RRB- hair ? Please . Sex , violence and thinly veiled fear and hatred ? That 's all these people have and all they want to tell and hear stories about . Not that Peter Jackson did n't already show us the color and features of his most griping terror with the `` fighting Urukai . '' There are some film makers who should have chosen therapy over film school . Tarentino is one and Peter Jackson is now added to the list . Sheesh .
 I made the mistake of ordering this HD DVD on Amazon thinking it would not be in my local store . To my surprize I found dozens of HD DVD movies at Wal-Mart for 19.99 including this one . With shipping I paid over $ 32 . I WILL NOT be ordering DVD 's , or CD 's from this site again ! Shame on you Amazon !
 I love the other films Peter Jackson has made . The best is Heavenly Creatures , if you have not seen this movie your missing out ! I thought this movie was overly dramatic and to long . Had many unbeliveable moments and was so far fetched ! The only cool thing about it was the natives , they were freaky .
 reason i point 1 cause it didnt play i dont know why it didnt . but if u get beprepared
 THe most exciting part of this movie is the middle when they are looking for Kong . The cinematography and the `` new '' creatures were interesting . OTher than that they blew it . The beginning was slow and few new things were added to the story to make it interesting . The ending was bad , all I remember is a whole bunch of people running in the steets in broad daylight . There was so much more they could have done to make the story more interesting , this was a half-hearted effort .
 This version of King Kong is so similar to the original , it was pretty much pointless to go to all the trouble of remaking it . Peter Jackson , by all means , is a decent director . But with his previous films , there was something ultimately no other director could capture , like with Dead/Alive and Heavenly Creatures . Even the Lord of the Rings trilogy will be really hard to surpass by directors fifty years from now.But King Kong is a bunch of fancier scenes and lines from the original movie , then a ton of extra nonsense just to make it seem a whole lot different and original . This version would have been good if time on the boat , on the island , and in New York afterwards would have been cut in half . It 's a drag to watch.I did give it two stars , though , for the special effects and some of the action scenes were pretty cool . I also like Jack Black , so seeing his face in the midst of this was refreshing .
 Peter Jackson is a talented filmmaker and I was excited to delve into this extended edition of King Kong . Unfortunately , this film has been overhyped and falls flat when all is said and done . There is no doubt that some of the action scenes are outstanding and the cinematography is nice . What brings the film down is the fact that it is needlessly long . The first hour is boring at times and could have been easily condensed . While the action scenes are done well , they sometimes drag on to the point they are not as exciting as they should have been . By the end of the film I was honestly hoping the film would just end .
 Where do I begin ? This over-the-top heavy handed movie weighs in at a laborious three hours . It should have been helpfully trimmed to an hour . They could have saved thirty minutes by cutting out the long loving looks between the ape and the dame . Wow - that got old.The dialogue attempts in a few places to be `` meaningful '' , or maybe even pretentiously `` philosophical '' , instead it comes off sounding like ... well , it just sounds like the drivel it is.Now , obviously most people liked this movie . Which further reaffirms my pessimism about the world 's taste . Not that I am even much for taste . I like lots of trashy action packed guilty pleasures . But not this one . It was just painful to watch .
 With Jack Black , everything plays like a comedy , a parody . He is forever arching his eyebrows and bugging his eyes , foreshadowing the evil about to hit . I 'm not sure that was the intention . It makes this third version of Kong the most hokey by far . Also , the movie is a real drag until Skull Island , and that 's about 45 minutes in , way too long to wait for the action to start . Most of the movie looks like digital special effects . Was anything real at all ? The end is agonizing , but not in a good way . This should have been cut to two hours or less .
 I Just realized that this film is really a parody of the original . It stars a funny comedian , Jack Black , who bugs out his eyes and makes funny faces . Funny !! The Hero is a skinny funny looking guy too . Hilarious !!! The film is full of funny moments too , Like when you expect Kong to see Ann on stage and its someone else !!! Its a spoof of the original !! I get it . It even has tongue-in-cheek comedy , like the moment when Kong is going wild in the street and stops when he sees Ann standing there with the lights around her , and its real corney and we all groan.HA !! HAA !!!! I get it ! I get jokes !! Hey , I just noticed . Kong and the dinosaurs and the whole movie look like one big cartoon . and cartoons are funny . Right ? Never seen Buggs Bunny?Casting an actress who is old enough to be Ann Darrows mother has to constitute some sort of joke . Does n't it ? And the plot is a reverse of the original . The girl falls in love with the ape . Its spoofing the original King Kong . SEE !!!! Maybe Peter Jackson should stick to elves . Comedy just is n't his thing . Maybe Blake Edwards or Mel Brooks should have directed . Hey , did n't Mel do that remake of The Fly . Thats how you remake 'em right .
 I am a big King Kong fan since the original with Fay Wray . I 've even made a point of catching reruns of `` King Kong vs. Godzilla '' -LRB- King Kong wins by the way -RRB- . The remake with Jeff Bridges was OK . Special effects much improved . Not even the special effects could save this movie with Jack Black who seemed like he was asleep for most of it . I have not been able to sit through the entire movie even once . I fast forward to where I left off . Do n't waste your money . Wait for it to come on free TV , if ever . If not , no big loss . I would give this zero stars if I could .
 It 's strange , but looking at the reviews this movie seems to be a love/hate movie . I ca n't imagine what makes it so polarizing . I found it cringe-worthy . My biggest gripes
 Mildly entertaining , but what a shame that the director did n't exercise some self-control while editing this somewhat bloated movie . Perhaps my expectations were too high after what Jackson had accomplished with his Tolkien trilogy .
 This is King Kong for the attention deficit disorder generation . CGI overkill takes away all the horror , suspense and awe of seeing Kong in the 1933 original . As other reviewers have said , Kong is reduced to a cartoon character and since all the sets are computer-generated , what 1930s detail there is comes across as completely fake . It makes Rick Baker in an ape suit look warm and down-to-earth . I can never lose myself or suspend disbelief in this film the way I lost myself in the 1933 or even the 1976 version . Speaking of which , the 1976 version , which is a mixture of soft porn , camp , and an 1970s era anti-establishment film , looks like a near masterpiece in comparison . At least the miniatures -LRB- like the subway and the World Trade Center towers -RRB- were real and fun to look at , whereas you 're constantly questioning whether it 's real or CGI in this Peter Jackson travesty.If each film is representative of its time , then 2005 is vapid , unoriginal , hypocritical , tech-happy , consumerist , and shallow . The 1976 version had a great soundtrack -LRB- showing the high level of originality common to 70s music -RRB- while treating Jessica Lange as a disco-era sex object , complete with Marilyn Monroe cutesy voice , in an era where the sexual revolution was about to collide with feminism . Despite this , it is still watchable and amusing , made in an era before MTV and video games led us to Ritalin . And it shows a comfort and acceptance of contemporary life , for the 1976 film was made before `` sequels '' were commonplace , and so de Laurentis had to justify the new film 's existence by updating it and making it relevant to contemporary concerns -LRB- the oil crisis -RRB- . Popular culture in the 70s was still about `` making it new '' unlike the 2000 's , where the rage is `` vintage '' and `` repro '' and living in the past.Flash forward to 2005 , four years after 9/11 and during the illusionary `` prosperity '' of the U.S. during the infamous mortgage boom , which was , in reality , based on emptiness and false promises of selling people houses they could n't afford . By setting the film back to 1933 rather than updating it , as the Dino de Laurentis did , Peter Jackson was jumping on the `` nostagla '' `` repro '' and `` vintage '' bandwagon . The present era , in other words , apparently has no original music , no identity , just consumerism/flashiness , and the mindless CGI binge-fest exemplifies this . There is no reason to revisit the 30s except for a bankruptcy of the imagination . Noami Watts is , naturally , given the `` feminist '' treatment - in her mid to late 30s , she is the oldest Fay Wray yet , and as if to make up for her lack of glamour , she is given silly comic bits to play , like tap dancing -LRB- `` hey , I have more to me than looks ! '' -RRB- . The black guy on the ship is treated with careful respect at all times , though , strangely enough , the funny Chinaman from the 1930s is brought back in all its racist glory . Since China contributes to the high budget deficit and `` owns '' the U.S. , maybe this was intentional -LRB- it 's okay to make fun of the Chinese , but not okay to be racist toward blacks -RRB- . Like the Guy Van Sant , shot-by-shot remake of `` Psycho , '' the Peter Jackson `` Kong '' is a waste of time .
 Peter Jackson simply decided to do another Lord of the Rings movie . Every element found here is found in Lord of the Rings.They travel by boat quite a bit . The characters are on a long journey to a far off land
 I was bored out of my mind for the first hour but it did n't get good till the last two hours . The King Kong vs. T-Rex fighting was amazing . The special effects were great but still I was disappointed . I did like the Ice Dance and Kong on the Empire State Building trying to catch helicopters but you will be disappointed with the first hour . They do n't mention about Kong at all . The acting is not bad . Jack Black has a good performance . Main reason why I give this movie one star because I thought it sucked . Only the last two hours are good you probably want to skip through the first hour and just watch the last two . Nothing good goes on with the first hour . Wait till it comes on cable if you really want to watch it . I was just bored !
 I unexpectedly watch this piece of bug ! My classmate invited me to watch King KONG . I said to myself `` It 's a disaster ! '' After watching the movie , i was right ! Then i asked him `` Do you DARE yourself watch this junk ? '' Then he said `` What ? I liked the movie ! '' Then i said `` But i do n't '' Our opinions just travel my mind , as King Kong was put to my list of the selection `` The lamest movies i ever seen in my entire life '' as NO. 1 ! I know what i liked!To the director PETER JACKSON who made this unfortunate movie , `` GO BACK AND RE-DIRECT LOTF ! ''
 The new Blu-Ray cut of King Kong runs 187 minutes ... which means that this is the theatrical version of the movie . I love Jackson , but it seems we always have to wait through this inferior release for the director 's cut . The nonsense of the situation is that so many customers have already purchased the DVD of this movie -LRB- many bought both the Theatrical and Extended DVD cuts -RRB- . I mean ... how many times are we supposed to buy it . The moral approach would have been to skip straight to the extended cut for the Blu-Ray , but as it was so eloquently put in `` Wall Street '' ... `` Greed Is Good '' !
 Besides the fact that I liked both the original and the 1976 version and that this one stinks in comparison , there are two main reasons why I hated this movie .1 . Jack Black . I do n't know how the rest of you feel , but Mister Black has thoroughly overstayed his welcome in the public arena . I can not stand him . I could n't stand him six years ago . When will he shuffle on back to his little `` band '' and his core audience of frat boys ? 2 . Naomi Watts ' character . In the original , Ann Darrow wants to get the hell away from Kong . She wants to see him killed . But in this version , she loves Kong and does n't want him killed . For those of you who think Peter Jackson has tapped into the spirit of the original and that the 1976 version is an aberration , you just consider that . Jackson 's film has far more in common with 1976 than 1933 . Then there are minor qualms
 That sums it up . Instead of a big green guy , you have a giant ape . Endless fight scenes and none of them even close to being physically possible . The computer animation was probably done by bunch of young guys who grew up playing video games , do n't even drive cars and know very little of how objects move in the real physical world or simply do n't care because they want it to be as exciting as the video game worlds they grew up in . In the old days , they made over-the-top musicals and these days it 's over-the-top animation . Also , the CGI just does n't look real -LRB- it never does -RRB- but the whole thing is processed in a kind of drab blueish hue to try and meld reality with the CGI world and it just looks murky to me . Honestly , if you find movies like the Hulk basically stupid , you will be disappointed .
 The things I liked about `` King Kong '' were the dazzling special effects and the personification of Kong . Peter Jackson should 've just focused on the love relationship between a beauty and a beast -LRB- aka Ann Darrow and King Kong -RRB- and the commerce and greed of the film director -LRB- aka Carl Denham -RRB- , and forget about everything else.Overall , I found `` King Kong '' to be an overblown , repetitive and unfocused film . This is what happens when you give an Oscar-winning director carte blanche to do whatever he wants to do . He tags on an additional 90 minutes to the original with nothing of importance to say.The first hour is extremely boring . Who cares about knowing every Tom , Dick and Harry on the ship ? As far as I 'm concerned , the three main characters were Kong , Ann Darrow and Carl Denham . Since Kong was not on the ship , Jackson should 've just developed the Darrow and Denham characters . I really did n't care about the Captain , the Jamie Bell character nor the conceited actor . -LRB- You see , I do n't even remember the names of these characters because that 's how insignificant I felt they were . -RRB- A lot of these characters could 've been edited out.I liked the budding relationship between Ann Darrow and Kong during the second hour . However , I found most of the fight scenes to be nonsensical and repetitive -LRB- except for the ones that involved Kong -RRB- . A lot of these fight scenes could 've been edited out.I actually did n't have any problems with the final and third hour because it concentrated on Carl Denham , Kong and Ann Darrow . `` King Kong '' could 've been a much more stronger and powerful movie if the film editors had done their jobs . But because I enjoyed the special effects and the personification of Kong , I decided to give it 2 stars .
 You would think after making the `` Lord of the Rings '' trilogy -- surely the most gargantuan undertaking in Hollywood history -- that Oscar-winning director Peter Jackson could be relied upon to produce a superior remake of the legendary , 101-minute classic adventure movie `` King Kong '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- than director John Guillerman 's 135 minute , modern-day `` King Kong '' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- remake . Sadly , what should have happened does not ! `` King Kong '' -LRB- no stars out of **** -RRB- the third time around amounts to the biggest pile of monkey shines since the hilariously outrageous Kong parody `` The Mighty Gorga '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- with Anthony Eisley . Although Universal Studios will undoubtedly recoup their bucks from this blatantly bad banana peel of a movie , they will have to keep their public relations people scurrying like baboons 24/7 to ensure that this time-consuming 3-hour & 7-minute , $ 300 million slip-up turns a profit . Indeed , Jackson retains the Depression-Era setting of the original , but he wastes at least 90 minutes on stuff that could have been cut without harming the dramatic impact . Worse , the remake does not fix lapses in credibility that the original `` King Kong '' got away with because audiences in the 1930s were not as savvy as today 's moviegoers . Transporting King Kong from Skull Island back to New York was the chief problem that the movie ignored . In the modern-day `` King Kong , '' the oil company locked the giant ape up inside a supertanker and shipped him back to New York . Essentially , the story remains the same
 I 'd looked forward to seeing the remake of this 1933 Classic Movie , but was SORELY DISAPPOINTED with when I watched it DVD yesterday.King Kong was too slow in parts and the slow parts of this movie made it feel six hours long instead of 3 hours long ! I think that the filmmakers could have shortened this movie by an hour and had a better film.This movie was way too Hollywood and the overuse of predictable action sequences was very distracting to the movie.The perks of this movie were the story/plot twists that were different from the 1933 King Kong Classic . The acting was great and I was amazed at how realistic the computer animation was in creating King Kong and other creatures on Skull Island.However , I still find the the 1933 King Kong film version to be better than than this one !
 This movie was alright to watch with friends at a theatre , but I must admit that I really do not want to see it again.It is long . VERY LONG . Some of the parts couldve been taken out , eventhough they might have been interesting , but it was just too long.This is definately more a commercial movie than a literal or entertaining movie.But still , I liked watching it once . But do not buy it . You wont watch it again .
 Peter Jackson may have tried to one-up himself in this remake of King Kong , but he did n't suceed . The movie is n't exactly bad , but it is n't exactly good either . The first part of the movie dragged on and on . Kong finally shows up , Naomi Watts screams a while and he drags her through the jungle yet leaves not a scratch . Oh look , he 's smitten by her . She is fine with this and even performs a little vaudeville act for him . Oh he 's laughing . Is n't that cute?Oh here comes the hero , scrawny Adrian Brody , to save the day . He can find her even though no one else can . He can climb up a huge mountain cliff , unharmed by the countless dinosaurs and giant bugs that everyone else had problems with . After all he 's a writer so he is used to mountain climbing and fending off giant killer creatures.Wait , did I say dinosaurs ? Yes , dinosaurs inhabit the island with King Kong . There are countless dinosaurs and only one giant ape but of course , he 's fine . No one messes with Kong . Oh wait , spoke too soon , here come the dinosaurs ... three of them . Everyone wants Naomi , it seems . Kong would n't dare put her down or she might get hurt . It makes much more sense to hang on to her and fight with only one arm . Of course , she is left without a scratch again , even though she was smacked and tossed about and her head was whipping around like a kite in a hurricane . No injuries though . Kong should sell car insurance . Dinosaurs are destroyed . Too bad Godzilla was n't there , he would have showed him . Then again , the dinosaurs did n't really do much damage to the tiny humans that they tried to stampede either . This ai n't no Jurassic Park . Hey , did n't I see that same special effect in Lord of the Rings ? No , that was a giant elephant thing . This is a dinosaur ... completely different.Uh oh . They 've captured Kong . Off to New York with you . Oops , he 's loose . Carnage in the city streets . Pandemonium . Death and destruction . Awwww , there is Naomi . Silence . Their eyes meet . Love is rekindled even though she is guilty of getting him in this mess in the first place . Here come the planes ! Climb up to the highest building you can find . Naomi looks fetching in her white flowing gown . It does n't matter that it 's winter in New York and there is no wind atop the Empire State building . It 's balmy and nice here in Kong 's giant paw.Adrian is huffing and puffing up the stairs to save the day . He wo n't get involved in the least but he 'll take the credit and grope the girl in the end . After all , if Kong can grope her , why should n't he . There goes Kong ... no wait ... he is n't dead yet ... he 's still hanging on ... there he goes ... he 's going to fall ... no , wait ... still saying goodbye with a loving , longing look in his eyes ... Naomi still looks good , not a hair out of place . She smells like monkey , but she looks good . Oh , there he finally FINALLY fell to his death . Let 's state the obvious for those that may have missed it ... beauty killed the beast . Hey , who 's gon na pay for all of this?Rent this one . This monkey of a film is n't worth the full price or the `` cost of an admission ticket '' .
 Anyone that has n't seen the original will love this movie with it 's endless action and special effects . However , the true Kong fan will be very disappointed if he expects to see the original movie redone with state-of-the-art special effects . The movie is an hour too long , with everything over done . The acting is so-so . Naomi Watts is ok as Ann Darrow , but she surely is n't up to Fay Wray 's performance in the original . Jack Black fails in his attempt to equal the role of Carl Denham , masterfully played by Robert Armstrong in the 1933 release . Credibility is lacking in many ways . The antique cars are painted bright colors , something that never happened in 1933 . Dress and language are totally `` today '' with words like `` stiffed '' , an expression invented in the 70 's , sticking out like a sore thumb . I could go on and on , but you get the picture . This movie could be improved by editing out over an hour of superfluous material . Enjoy it as an action packed adventure , but do n't expect to see an improved King Kong . It falls flat on it 's face in it 's attempt to do just that .
 I was really excited when I first saw the preview for this movie . I love King Kong and adore Peter Jackson . From the previews I knew that the effects would be fabulous . When I saw the movie I could n't believe how disappointing it was . This movie is the perfect example of how great effects do not make great movies . EVERYTHING was overdone . Jack Black is n't my favorite actor , but he was really over the top in this film . Talk about overacting ! Geesh ! That sort of melodramatic , pompous acting may work in movies like The School of Rock , but it just made him look like a bad actor in this movie . Secondly , nearly every scene was too long . It took a full hour just for the cast to get to Skull Island . Come on ! An hour ! Most of the movie , we are focused on Jack Black 's character and not on Kong or the girl . There was also a throw-in , unrelated relationship between two characters on the boat crew that served absolutely no purpose in the movie , other than to add filler and time . There were too many excessively long shots with huge insects , dinosaurs and the like that did n't move the story forward in any way . Do n't get me wrong , it was exciting , but only for the first few minutes of the scene . But the scenes just dragged on and on . Just when you thought they must be done , here comes another scene with monstrous bugs or dinosaurs . The sequence where Kong protects Ann from the T-rex was beefed up to include 3 T-rexes and lasted over 20 minutes . Even the island natives were so feral and overdone that they were entirely unbelievable -LRB- and an insult to genuine indigenous peoples all over the globe -RRB- . It was completely over the top . I did enjoy the sequences with Kong and Ann -LRB- minus most of the T-rex attack -RRB- , and New York at the end was OK . But overall I felt that I lost 3 hours of my life that I will never get back . I 'm really glad that I borrowed this one from the library and did n't have to spend any money to see it . I would n't bother to see it again and will never recommend it to anyone . The only reason I even gave it 2 stars was because the effects and sound were stellar . Naomi Watts and Adrien Brody were also wonderful . Too bad they were n't in more of the movie . Do n't waste your money .
 This has been remade too many times . Why ca n't they leave a good movie alone ? 3 hours is way too long . The original was only an hour and a half or so , which is long enough to watch an overgrown gorilla go haywire . And what was with Naomi Watts ' goofy dance ? Was that necessary ? I thought she was supposed to be afraid of the beast . Instead , she 's juggling and making him laugh . Unbelievably sexist and stupid . And the trampling of the dinosaurs ?! HELLO !!!! Way too long !!!!! The acting and the script was just plain awful .
 I went into this movie expecting to love it . I had never seen a movie get such high praise and great reviews . I had such high anticipation . I even tried to MAKE myself like it as I sat there for three interminable hours , remembering how much I loved all 21 hours I spent watching every edition of Lord of the Rings , and how back then I was ready to dub Peter Jackson the new Lord , or King , or whatever title he wanted , of cinema.But it was n't happening . Aside from the ape , who is personified beautifully , and Adrien Brody -LRB- who is fantastic in everything -RRB- , there is n't anything really to like about this movie . It takes over an hour to get to Skull Island and along the way we are introduced to a lot of people we did n't need to meet . These include `` Jimmy , '' whose name is called in a plaintive way over and over again , the token black character -LRB- guess what happens to him ? -RRB- and a passel of nobodies who have no effect on the outcome of the story . The digital effects look like a video game at the best of times and like a cartoon at the worst . Even if the unnecessary 95 minutes were chopped out , this movie would still be spectacularly mediocre . Assisting it to that end are the dozen or so COMPLETELY ridiculous slow-motion moments that Peter Jackson threw in . They happen at the worst of times and they look TOTALLY amateurish , as if Peter Jackson let his kids use the video camera and film those segments . Every single time another one of those moments -- and then ANOTHER ONE !! -- came on-screen , I found myself remembering that Peter Jackson really has n't directed that many movies.I do n't understand what went wrong here . I am completely baffled as to WHY this movie is so bad . I 'm sure a lot of people will like it , but I have never fled a theater so fast in my life . The only thing that saved the movie for me was the love story at its core , between Anne Darrow and King Kong . We 're not told anything about her character that makes her worth caring about , but somehow her big melty baby blues connected with Andy Serkis + CGI in a way that sold me , and I actually found myself rooting for the two of them.Or maybe I just needed something to root for to justify my continued presence in the theater . Either way , I simply can not bring myself to commend this failed effort . Kong may be King , but Peter Jackson , in my book , has officially been dethroned .
 It seems self-evident that any work of art is a product of its time . It also seems self-evident that there 's no point in remaking a movie unless there was something wrong with the original , or you 've found a new way to approach the material . -LRB- David Lynch 's rework of `` The Fly '' meets both critieria very well . Ditto for `` The Thing '' which is not so much a remake as a `` make '' . -RRB- The problem with Peter Jackson 's `` King Kong '' redo is that there 's no way to `` improve '' on one of the greatest films ever made , without changing it beyond recognition.To see the original `` King Kong '' as a technologically dated exercise that would have been `` so much better '' if only it had been made 70 years later , is to miss the way that the medium and the message * were inextricably linked in 1932 . For example ... The scene in which we hear the unseen Kong tramping through the trees to Max Steiner 's music , suddenly appearing in front of the screaming Ann , scares the s *** out of children -LRB- and not a few adults -RRB- . It 's one of the great cinematic moments , its effectiveness deriving from its in-your-face crudity . -LRB- No offense to Willis O'Brien or the Delgado brothers -- quite the opposite . -RRB- The original Kong was n't a giant gorilla , but a horrifying id-monster portrayed by a frighteningly ugly stop-motion puppet.In converting Kong into a realistic animal , Jackson has , at a single stroke , discarded the horrific and dream-like/nightmare elements that made the original a classic . Realism is not fundamentally frightening or horrific . If you do n't understand this , watch `` Nosferatu '' or `` Vampyr '' . This realism , in turn , greatly weakens the original 's `` beauty and the beast '' conceit . Ann 's affectionate response to the big lug relects a late-20th-century view , fostered by NatGeo specials , that gorillas are intelligent , affectionate creatures -- not ugly , brutal , or automatically threatening . Fay Wray 's Ann screamed her head off , overwhelmed by fear she would be killed or devoured . Naomi Watts ' Ann , though frightened , sees Kong as a misunderstood critter . `` Who could ever learn to love a beast ? '' Well , when you love a beast -- he 's not a beast any more.This is the film 's fundamental error of re-conception -- Kong is no longer a rampaging monster , brought to his knees by Ann 's irresistable European blondness . ** He is now a monster only in size , munching on bamboo , rather than Ann . The original Kong was a brutal beast throughout the story , allowing us a moment of cathartic pity when he 's killed . The new Kong , sympathetic throughout , does n't evoke this contrast of emotions . `` It was beauty killed the beast '' no longer makes much sense.In describing the sacrificial maidens as `` brides '' of Kong , the original makes the not-so-subtle suggestion that Kong `` molests '' his victims before killing and eating them . -LRB- Kong 's ripping off Ann 's clothes to sniff them supports this , though Cooper and Schoedsack said they 'd put this in because seen wild monkeys smelling human clothes . -RRB- But the new version has Ann showing a great deal of affection for Kong -- an affection which , if carried too far , would suggest beastiality , with Ann the perpetrator.Another major failing *** is that `` economy of expression '' are not words in Jackson 's vocabulary . He ca n't resist overdoing / everything / , simply because it 's doable . If the original had / one / disgusting creature , Jackson has three or ten or fifty . The scene in which Kong is gassed and Ann bids him `` farewell '' is ludicrously drawn-out and overdone , the restored `` spider pit '' sequence is -- like my movie reviews -- numbingly overlong **** -- and then there 's the allosaur battle . I wo n't describe it , because I do n't want to spoil your incredulous laughter at its utter preposterousness . It was at this point that whatever sympathy I had for the remake vanished.The original was a model of terseness , starting slowly , but never stopping once it got up to speed . ***** The remake is not only overlong , but overwrought . Individual scenes and sequences run on for two or three times any reasonable length , to the point where the audience -LRB- this viewer , anyway -RRB- screams `` Get on with it ! '' . Jackson 's pacing is n't so hot , either . Cooper knew when to pause briefly , then pick up again . The first hour of Jackson 's version -LRB- which is actually quite good -RRB- shows that he -LRB- mostly -RRB- understands `` structure '' and `` pace '' , but the rest of the film is a hotch-potch of action scenes , without any sense of development or `` build '' . It 's understandable that Jackson did n't want to exactly repeat the original , but too many iconic scenes have been lost , which seems inexcusable in a three-hour film
 OK , the original is a classic and is what ... 90 ... 100 minutes long ? Jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story . The native were scary . The quiet scenes with Kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character ... something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters.The insect scenes are ridiculous !! The dinosaur stampede was idiotic . Anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . Now Jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ?!? Peter Jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.Remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics .
 It 's too bad that Hollywood chooses to use the Lord 's name in vain . It leaves a bad taste in one 's mind when they do it . I can not figure out WHY Hollywood adds any kind of bad , vulgare language , let alone blasphemy.This was a BIG let down to me pertaining to the `` Lord '' of the Ring trilogy , Peter Jackson . He really was magnificent in those movies ... and gee , they did n't use bad language.The original B&W ; King Kong movie is still the best . It 's too bad , too . At least the special effects were superb in this new one .
 This movie is absolute garbage . I know coming of LOTR , the next film was going to be an up hill battle for Jackson , but I had some faith . When I heard he was going to Kong , I thought why waste your time , Kong is a classic case closed . This film confirms that . There is nothing , NOTHING good about it . The acting is bad , the screenplay was horrible , the FX shots were lame , the directing was too frantic at times , and the action was overbearing and LONG at times . Do n't get me wrong , the first half with the characters ' background being established is good , the big inside joke/reference of the first film 's director -LRB- whose name escapes me -RRB- and Fay Wray , it gave me hope that from what I saw in the previews that the movie was n't going to be that bad . I was wrong , once they get to Skull Island , meet Kong , and get back to NY ... from that on out TRASH!If anything could have saved this , it would have been the prospect of the film being turned into a 2 or 3 part movie . The first could have been how the map gets into Jack Black 's chubby fingers -LRB- which Black is still a HORRIBLE ACTOR -RRB- , the second could have been about Kong and the other dealings of Skull Island , and if they were to have done a 3 parter , the last could have been about Kong in NY , The absolute worst thing is the FX ! Just trash . The effect shot with Brody and Black between the running dinosuars ' legs is so bad , but not as bad as Kong himself.Kong looked as fake in the previews as he did in the final film.And the prize for worst FX shot in this trash goes to when Kong falls and hits the ground , there is NO IMAPCT SITE ! NO CARS OVER TURNED , NO DUST IN THE AIR OR ON PEOPLE , THE CITY STREET IS NOT BROKEN UP AT ALL , NO WINDOWS IN STORE FRONTS OR CARS BUSTED OUT FROM THE IMPACT OF A WHAT 30 FOOT TALL APE WEIGHING WHAT 2 MAYBE 3 TONS!All in all this was one of the worst times at the movies I have had in a long time . The best part was the previews for Miami Vice , and The Inside Man.And I know some people might say
 this movie was so bad . The only part I enjoyed was when they got to the island and it showed the tribe . After that its all downhill . I left the flick before it was done . I should have demanded my money back .
 This was on of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . The best part of the movie was when the usher had to kick out some unruly teens . To think about it they were the smart ones . They paid $ 9 to see only half of a crappy movie , I had to pay $ 9 to sit through a 3 hour snoozer . The whole s@#& on the island did not need to be in the movie . DAMN I HATE THIS MOVIE !!!!
 King Kong makes movie history its one of the most dragged out and terrible films of 2005 . The acting by Naomi Watts and Jack Black was extremly corny and awful especailly Jack Black . Who ever wrote this movie is stupid because it is repetive and boring.Plus the special effects werent that good . Stay away from King Kong at all costs
 ... It 's amazing that Jackson 's ego does n't effect the tides .
 The depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned . From the moment they reached King Kong 's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience . I felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape . How can anyone feel anything for King Kong ? He keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island , forces them to provide him sacrificial women , and tortures the female star of the movie . It seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking King Kong . The villains of the movie were my heroes . I kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end .
 Notice that I only gave King Kong one star . If it were up to me , it would get a negative twenty . I still ca n't understand for the life of me why on earth it got five from the critics . Let me review this story to you in two small words
 There seems to be a cult of the personality surrounding Mr Jackson ; some fans actually describing him as their ` beloved ' . Certainly , the three hour plus running time practically screams
 I had recently bought the Blu-Ray of Jackson 's KONG thinking it would be the best quality , possibly showing me even more detail the CG artists put in . Unfortunately paired with my 120-Hz TV and PS3 player it turned out to be too good ! I have n't seen such a false looking movie until now . I could almost see the green screen behind the actors . I must say that Jack Black in HD was not something I needed to see in my lifetime . The disparity between live action and CG was much too obvious . KONG ended up in my local used store and I will most likely stick to Animated -LRB- Pixar -RRB- movies for my Blu-Ray experience . I would rather have a DVD keep me involved than have the most quality video killing the `` movie-magic '' . If you have a decent theater setup I would steer away from the Blu-Ray and go with the DVD instead.King Kong -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB-
 king kong is a long and sometimes boring movie.i wish i would have been a 90 or a little more min . movie.addition to this its story is too classical .
 a big let down for me after the wonderfull LOTR trilogy from director jackson ... a lot of trouble has gone into this but ultimately the film falls way short of the mark lost amidst the cgi technology it seems determined to ram down your throat . . it is like watching a computer game in parts ... . a shame as it could have been so much better
 All the special effects , technological advances and 70 + years of movie making progress and Peter Jackson ca n't hold a candle to the original . Someone should have told him he was remaking King Kong - not Mighty Joe Young . Ann Darrow is not supposed to fall in love with Kong , Kong 's supposed to fall in love with her.I could cut about 1 hour out of this movie and make it better , but it would still take a distant back seat to the original.I could go on and on , but suffice to say this was a huge dissappointment .
 It certainly seemed like a recipe for a winner to have modern CGI special effects in support of a remake of the classic story and an obviously talented and capable director at the helm . What was produced was a movie that actually increased my appreciation of the 1976 version . When it starts out in New York it is really slow , slow , without anything really required , most of it could have been cut out . Then on the island it gets ridiculous , as they get involved with stampeding dinosaurs tumbling down the cliff , and swinging Tyrannosaurs ; everything that should have been so much better than the SFX-scarce 76 version was orchestrated so poorly and with so little inspiration , that you start wondering how much longer it can go on . Finally they return to more silliness back in New York , with the ape himself sliding on the ice with the girl . Apart from the problem of making Kong merely a scaled-up silverback gorilla , who shows all the subtlety and charm of a. . . gorilla , you ca n't wait for pilots to get on with it and kill the poor thing so the movie will end . Long , long , and nothing of note . Who could have believed that this would be such a lousy film . Perhaps to be loved only by great Kong fans who want to believe this is a treasure . A great testament to the all the problems with Hollywood films today .
 I was looking forward to seeing this movie since I enjoyed the Lord of the Rings trilogy so much . I expected much better visual effects , there was nothing new here . When I first saw Jurassic Park , I was blown away by the dinosaurs , but now it 's been there , done that . Even Kong did n't scare me this time around , I would have prefered a scarier and more gigantic looking ape . The original ca n't be beat and even the Delaurentis version was more edge-of-your-seat . Digital , smidgital , no improvement of importance here . My two stars are for the jungle sounds , that I liked .
 ` King Kong ' is worth watching as a rental simply for the actual effects of Kong . Peter Jackson 's visual effects team really did a phenomenal job with that and there are n't many moments where you really do n't believe a 30 foot ape is actually on set or on stage.That 's really about the only good thing I can say about this , though.This movie reminds me a lot of the Star Wars prequels in that , it seems , many of the effects -LRB- which is essentially the last 2 hours of the movie -RRB- are on screen to show the world , `` hey , look what we can do ! '' There are scenes that do n't even make sense in the actual plotline of the feature and add zero relevance to anything in the story other than showboating -LRB- the dinosaur stampede had me throwing my arms up on the couch shouting , `` Why ??? '' -RRB- . I 'll give Naomi Watts a bit of credit because I would imagine it 's hard to act when you 're standing in front of a green screen alone for most of the shoot . She did a relatively convincing job , but everyone else on the screen is pretty bad , here . Jack Black is awful and does nothing but make contorted faces when he gives his lines . There 's a strange relationship between two ship-men -LRB- a former soldier and Tom Hanks ' kid -RRB- that makes zero sense . The former soldier preaches to this kid the entire time they 're on screen as if it 's supposed to mean something . Adrian Brody jogs with prehistoric animals and large apes as if it 's the most natural thing in the world , as if he grew up in Queens with dinosaurs as pals or household pets.That 's a big problem with ` King Kong ' . These people are thrown into extraordinary circumstances and they wander aimlessly through the scenes as though they 're everyday occurrences -LRB- notice jack Black just hanging out and spinning his camera while mayhem is going on all around him -RRB- . The first hour is a complete bore . When the movie picks up it is n't much more than a special effects extravaganza . it would have been nice if there was something ... anything here to go along with those effects.However , Peter Jackson obviously suckered millions upon millions out of admittance prices , so what does he care , really ?
 that 's the sound of this clunky , heavy-pawed remake.I was fully expecting to love Peter Jackson 's `` King Kong '' , despite the fact that literally everyone I know who saw it could not stop mentioning how L-O-N-G it seemed . Since several of my all-time favorite films clocked in at the over three-hour-mark -LRB- `` 2001 '' , `` The English Patient '' , `` Magnolia '' -RRB- , these warnings did n't faze me in the least . Now how could I have forgotten my reaction that gargantuan Sominex tablet called `` Lord of the Rings '' ? By the time Kong 's slender plot had crawled its way to the Skull Island scenes , all of which went on f-o-r-e-v-e-r , my brain had gone completely numb.A big part of the problem is the acting , which ranges from okay -LRB- Naomi Watts -RRB- , to boring -LRB- Adrian Brody , as fascinating as watching paint dry -RRB- , to the just plain dreadful Jack Black , who has mastered one of Nicholson 's puzzled sneers which he uses continuously . How did these people get cast ? What was Jackson instructing them to do ? I did n't believe or care about any one of them . In fact , the best actor in the movie is the giant , computer-generated monkey . Without characters that inspire our understanding , interest or empathy , and without any intelligent attempt to tell a story logically , all there is to sustain the audience 's involvement are the endless special effects , which are so interminably focused-on that even they become snoozers and start to appear phony.In my opinion , all movemakers should be required to take and pass a course called `` Alfred Hitchcock 101 '' before producers give them a dollar . Now there was a director who knew how to tell a story , create suspense , and how much to show and to NOT show the viewer ! And despite his reported disdain for actors , even the worst people in a Hitchcock film could plow over the pathetic performers in `` King Kong '' . Bad , bad monkey ! Bad , bad film-making !
 Yeah , you 'll give me a `` this review was not helpful '' rating , but I do n't care . This bombastic , over-indulgent piece of mis-directed , poorly written drivel is one of the best examples of how super-ego and super-budget does not equal great movie.Let 's start with the visuals . The visual effects are absolutely appalling . I 've seen art students with mac minis and copies of maya do a better job . I am speechless at all the people who talk about the visual splendour of this film . It 's amateurish and makes me think of 80s Harry Hanussen movies . The blue screen stuff is pitiful.Next comes the lame script . Here we go with formula guys
 What possessed Peter Jackson , after seeing the script for King Kong , to go ahead with the project at all?I mean , the man has talent . After the LOTR trilogy , that is an indisputable fact . So why he 'd want to turn this GODAWFUL movie script into an almost-three-hour `` Epic '' is something I 'll never understand . Perhaps he wanted to remake the original , as he felt it ought to be seen . Fair enough . Perhaps he saw the scope of the premise and thought it would make a stunning film . That 's understandable , too.But the whole point of the King Kong story is that it 's a simple retelling of the Beauty and the Beast fairytale . Or The Hunchback of Notre Dame . Or The King and I. Or Mask . Or the Phantom of the Opera . Or ... well , you get my point.What all those stories have in common are Characters . Characters , people that drive a story forward by the strength of their personalities in the face of physical adversity . So why , tell me , does the script for ` King Kong ' completely and utterly disregard all but the most perfunctory characterisation , and instead regale us with lots of stupid , stupid dialogue -LRB- there 's no nice way of saying that -RRB- and * really * lousy performances from the human actors involved ?? No , from a storytelling point of view , this is not a good movie . Naomi Watts is very pretty , but it appears to be a skin-deep talent
 Given the level of creativity and the seamless implementation of WETA 's effects , I expected much more from this movie than a long overdrawn saga . The story was okay , but hindered badly by the poor integration of live-action and cg . I mean , the compositing was just plain lousy and the movements of the large creatures were n't scaled well at all . I was so distracted during the scene in which the characters are running from the herd of brachiosaurs -LRB- or whatever they were -RRB- by the obvious fakery of the images that I could n't see past it . Better effects were achieved in the original King Kong . I do n't expect to see this kind of crap on screen when it comes from the same people who were behind LOTR.In short , King Kong was overhyped , overbudgeted , underproduced and overall underwhelming . The best example of integrated cg in a film is still the first film to use the technology
 Ann weeps buckets for poor Kong , while dozens die trying to save her ; blondes in New York who are n't Ann are callously tossed aside in a manner that makes you laugh , except it is n't funny ; the bones of his previous `` brides '' indicate they were ripped limb-from-limb . But , you know , poor Kong.The `` ick '' factor was remarkably high , especially the bugs and the pink snake things.And pretty much every scene was too long . EVERYTHING seemed to go on and on and on . And they spent so much time with the minor characters that you cared about them and that made it harder as they kept on getting knocked off.I thought the cgi was good and realistic -LRB- there is such a variance it 's amazing to me ... the Hulk never looked real for one minute , Kong looks good -RRB- . And the acting was pretty good , including Jack Black -LRB- after all the character is meant to be broad -RRB- . The trouble with everything taking so long is that you start to lose that essential suspension of belief . Early on I 'm thinking that ship is too small to take Kong back to NY . The ship takes quite a pounding on the rocks , but then all is well without going to a drydock . How do the villagers live exactly on all that bare rock ? The ape moves in true ape fashion -LRB- on all fours -RRB- but then is carrying Ann in its front feet and she does n't get mashed to a pulp ? How come Ann does n't get hypothermia -LRB- not to mention goose-bumps -RRB- being out in all that cold weather in her sleeveless dress for a long damn time , not to mention the wind at the top of the Empire State Building . I know I 'm nit-picking , but a movie has to have some logic -LRB- or at least live within the boundaries of its own particular story logic -RRB- . Sorry , I think Peter Jackson is capable of better . Oh and by the way , do the women in his life have no influence ? Stop making movies so damn long with no intermission , ie
 This movie was screwed up all the way from beginning to end .1 . no kong for one hour n ten minutes , , , so kids lose interest quick2 . CGI sucked , , man running from dinosaurs and ground is moving at a different rate than he is , depth of characters standing next to monsters is way out of proportion , kong is different sizes in different scenes -LRB- CGI could be great , but it is taking the heart out of movies . -RRB- 3 . How did kong know where to go ice skating in new york ? `` KONG ICE SKATING '' LOLOLOLOLOLOLHAAHAAHAAH4 . Why does the girl take up for kong when he is killing all those people in new york , , , it reminds me of all the women standing behin their men in prison .5 . Unbelievable that kong can fight off dinosaurs while taking so many bites , he should have been torn to shreds .6 . the primitives look like white people painted black , or burnt in an oven , , -LRB- i am sure the old tribal lady is giving everyone the middle finger -RRB- 7 . way too long ... 8 . i did not feel sorry for this kong , , , he knocks this girl around quite often on the island and kills several people in new york ... 9 . Too many monsters ... for a moment i thought it was a remake of jurassic park until the giant bees came out10 . the military had a total lack of public safety , just firing rockets and bullets blindly in kong 's direction , , , was there no military training in 1933 . The only good thing was the depiction of the poor people in depression era new york , but really is that why we wanted to watch king kong .
 i really really want my 3 hours back!The new king kong movie is so bad that for most of the second half i was screaming on the inside and fighting against myself to stop from screaming & running ; away from the room.Really , i cant tell one good thing about this one.The visual effects are great.Ok we got it!You dont need to show every single , simple , silly movement of the stupid monkey for 15 minutes.it takes nearly an hour for us to see it already . for that hour we watch that stupid director character , -LRB- something black . . ? -RRB- unnecessarry `` we were so poor '' thing , side characters that are obviously destined to die and take nothing but time , some wild folk living inside the LORD OF THE RNGS decoration sets ... All of these are the creation of a director who is blinded by too much money , too much fame , too much ideas and lack of real creativity . -LRB- taking about jackson , not the one inside the movie :-RRB- -RRB- Then comes the kong.He holds the girl.Holds her and screams for like 15 minutes.it is like watching a 1 minute clip over 'n over again.Then he starts running.For another 15 minutes you watch it run and wonder how the girl has not one single broken bone , cos she should be turned into powder.Then you probably fall asleep , and get awaken by screams.See the kong fighting against some dinasours ... for about half an hour.i mean it is actually funny if you can stand watching it.gorilla making kickbox.in between somewhere , dinasours follow people.For about another hour.dinasours are pointless , the chase is pointless , the scene is pointless , just like the movie itself.Then they bring the kong , which is bigger in some scenes and smaller in others ; into the city.then he kills people there , throwing blondies around.And expect us to get sorry that he is dead.i mean ; in the ending ; the planes make about 10 rounds around the tower the kong stands.and we watch like every second of it , all the turns they take.And believe me , those planes are slow.i was screaming like ; kill that stupid monkey so we can go home.then it dies ... oh my god the happiest moment of the movie.and some people -LRB- none in the theatre i watched it , luckly.i can beat someone for that -RRB- cries that he is dead.it is pure emotional exploitation.This movie is supposed to be a family movie.so why is the scene with all those creepy monsters in the middle , eating our team in worst ways?i mean ; kids are watching that.ok we got it you can make good creatures look like real.To be honest ; this movie is a real waste of time and money.it is just the work of a spoiled director who thinks that he is the king cos he made a legend like LOTR come true.But believe me , neither him nor the kong isnt .
 I have seen all the versions of Kong and still wonder what the point is . The theme is ... ???? Does it really come down to that stupid line at the end of the movie - Beauty killed the Beast ? SO WHAT ! And why was n't Denham arrested for so recklessly putting the city in harm 's way ????? This latest version was perhaps the most excessive , resembling a caricature of all the super-technological special effects movies to hit the modern screen , a combination of Jurassic Park , Raiders of the Lost Ark , and a host of others that pack of wallop in visual effect but lack a true theme . Maybe now all the remakes will finally end . Go riddance !
 As a long time movie buff and historian , I am amused at how far off base Amazon 's Mark Englehart and other reviewers can be . It appears to me that many of these reviews were planted to drive up sales . Peter Jackson 's version of King Kong is disappointing on many levels as most everyone I have spoken to agrees.Mr Jackson whose exemplary work on the LOTR series is missing here because the script is lacking and suffering from what appears to be heavy editing . This is supposed to be the classic story of beauty and the beast . Instead , this version is about how many special effects can be crammed into three hours , at the grave expense of story line and character development . The answer is , a whole lot of special effects!We are supposed to believe that the Adrien Brody character has fallen madly in love with Naomi Watts after only one badly edited scene . The scene cuts away harshly from a romantic kiss to Mr Brody speaking to another character in another time and place . Based on this one shortened scene , we are supposed to believe that Mr. Brody will risk his life and ultimately climb the empire state building to rescue his true love . Am I the only one who does n't buy any of this?The scenes with dinosaurs , bugs and other hideous creatures are too long and way too scary for children , who should have loved this film if not made to be so terrifying . These elongated and sometimes repulsive scenes were left in apparently instead of any real character development . Who is the audience Mr. Jackson is targeting here ? Special effects / action freaks only it appears.The biggest let down of all is the relationship of Kong and Naomi Watts , who is an actress of great merit and does her best with what she is given . Sadly , the majority of what she is given is an angry and violent Kong who is very unlikeable . The only real scene that shows any tenderness prior to Kong 's demise is that of the two watching a beautiful sunset . In the 1933 version , we feel great empathy toward Kong , but in Jackson 's version he is a mean destructive beast who actually eats a man alive . Are n't apes vegetarians?In conclusion , the special effects are tremendous as is the photograghy and sound . If only Mr. Jackson would have remembered to include `` the story '' . When Jack Black utters the classic closing line
 I 'm not quite sure what Peter Jackson was going for with the performances . I understand the film is a throwback to the original but I do n't think having the actor 's perform the way they did in 1933 helped the picture in any way , shape or form.The relationship between Ann Darrow and Brody 's character is non-existent , forced , stupid , with absolutely no real human connection . Jack Black is atrocious - moving your eyebrows a lot is not good acting , in case he did n't know.The sort of pederastic relationship between Jimmy and his big friend was weird and absurd.The writing ... an insult to anyone 's intelligence.If special effects could make a movie , I would give it five stars , but it ca n't , so I wo n't . At least Peter lost a lot of weight making it !
 i 'm one of the few people out there who just couldnt find the time to catch this blockbuster on the big screen . the masses loved it . i felt a little cheated at the time . but now , on the day of it 's release on dvd , i 've finally sat down and watched this retched , sh*t fest of a motion picture . and let 's be fair , it was no fault of the cast . they did the absolute best they could with the script and over-cgi 'd scenes . you also ca n't fault quality actors such as these for trying thier hand at the blockbuster -LRB- i.e. leo dicapprio in titanic -RRB- . let 's hope that they stay with the better scripts we 're all used to seeing these solid actors in . yes.now , here 's peter jackson applying his `` lord of the rings '' touch to this depression era/big city meets bigger jungle tale . the only problem is that we all expected unfathomable outlandishness in l.o.t.r. 's . that 's what it was.but the writing involved here was SO far past unbelievable it was distracting . i laughed alot . seriously . it was that dumb . insultingly stupid . can you say naomi watt 's character would 've had her neck and/or back snapped in just the first time she was thrust through time and space in the fist of kong ? please ? think how many of us poor working class people could 've retired on this movie 's budget alone . what a waste . worse yet is the fact i 'm mostly alone in my opinion of this made-for-the-unconscious-masses crowd pleaser . good luck .
 Some other reviewers who realized this film is as bad as it is pointed out its many , many flaws , so I wo n't reiterate them . Suffice it to say , it 's not the real King Kong story -LRB- girl * loves * ape ? Right ... -RRB- And the cartoon physics were so over the top as to make the movie into a true cartoon -LRB- except it was n't funny -- at least not intentially so -- well , perhaps the whole film was a bad joke -RRB- . Sad . Lord of the Rings was truly exceptional . This film is a parody at best . To recap
 Oh my god !! i just saw this king kong movie and i was ... i am spechless this movie is really really bad !!! jackson 's king kong is as bad as spaceballs or even worst . giant Bugs ?? huge bats that you can fly on them ?? make king kong laugh . i read some reviwes !!!! a master piece ???? i would give this movie cero stars if i could . dont waste your time whathincg this movie , instead apreciate jackson 's lord of thr rings . . now that is a master piece .
 If you know cinema how can you like this piece of garbage . First of all , it was way way overlong with many unneccesary scenes like the one with the characters battling giants insects in a cave , what 's that all about ? it 's boring and it deviates from the main plot of the movie . When I went to see this movie I 've just seen the original 1933 version and I was worried that Jackson will humanised the ape which is supposed to be wild like in the 33 version . Boy was I right ! He made Kong almost human just to get cheap emotions from the audience , the scenes with Naomi Watts entertaining him and trying to make contact with him were laughable and so stupid that Jackson should be ashame of himself . This is only special effects and nothing else , it has nothing to do with cinema at all . Jack Black is a big mistake of casting , I like him usually but in this mess he was a jerk and not likable at all . Adrian Brody did ok with the bad script he had because he 's a great actor as for Naomi Watts she made a fool of herself and all she do is cry for nothing during all the movie . This version of King Kong is very very bad and all of the edge and creativity of the 33 version is lost here without a doubt . Mr. Jackson you were way better when you did independant movies .
 I guess I 'm kind of picky
 I 'm not a big fan of overhyped multi-hour sloughs through Hollywood bloat . The original film was way better than this and it was half the time . I thought the casting was excellent , except for Jack Black . I 'm a fan of his work , but he seemed really out of place in this movie . I hated the dinosaurs and the giant insect sequences that did n't seem to ever end . The bizarre love triangle between girl-big gorilla-boy was toned down quite a bit from the 77 version , but still felt out of place . However , my biggest gripe of this movie is why did it need to be three hours . I did not see anything in this version that was n't in the original or the remake in 77 that suggested it should last three hours . I understand that there is an extended version , of what , Naomi Watts trimming her toenails , or Jack Black throwing back a couple at the local bar . Maybe Peter Jackson , fresh from finishing the superb Lord Of the Rings trilogy , ca n't make a movie anymore that comes in under three hours . There are movies that deserve a three hour treatment because the subject matter is so complex or interesting , King Kong was not one of them .
 I love Peter Jackson 's movies , but this one is largely an over-produced bomb . It 's more about his ego than good film making.Many of the details added to the backstory are interesting , but the Skull Island -LRB- Mordor , anyone ? -RRB- sequences drag on and on and on and on ... There are some great moments , but , for instance the scene with Kong and the three t-rexes is waaaaaaaay too long , as is the `` bug '' scene ; and does every single nasty creature have to have big teeth ? The only reason to see this film to see how a great director can go so terribly wrong .
 Peter Jackson wanted to try to remake King Kong , and it is an exhausting try . If you wait to see it on Video , you will not have missed anything ; the film simply does not work.It has lots of homage 's to other films
 Close to 4.30 hours long in which more than half of it were entirely useless and have no relevance to the movie specifically that bombastic CGI Lost World scene . The scenes defies logic and reality with all those acrobatic stunts of Naomi Watts by Kong even a solid unripe hard cucumber would end up mushy . It is totally incomprehensible that our heroine ended up with no bruises , no welts and unbroken bones . Another failed attempt to create a modern epic with an intended complete menu which ended up a spoiled meal .
 I was astonished at how bad this movie was . The editing was poor ; the acting was poor . There was no chemistry between the actors involved , unlike the chemistry between Jessica Lange and Jeff Bridges in the 1976 version . They made the original remake actually work -- no small task considering the fact that the special effects amounted to a man in an ape suit who slouched and beat his chest . The latest version of `` King Kong '' was another story entirely . Despite having access to spectacular special effects , fails on every level . Even the special effects were cheasy and overdone . I was left yawning , waiting for the next scene to start . One of my biggest problems with the movie was the gratutious violence . Kong was not portrayed as a confused , albeit fearsome monster who elicits a certain level of sympathy , instead , the new Kong is portrayed as a mean-spirited , blood-thirsty sociopath who kills for no particular reason . When this monster is finally killed in the end , one is not left feeling sympathy , but relief instead . Not only a sense of relief that an angry , murderous beast can no longer threaten New Yorkers , but relief that the movie is over . This movie was a great disappointment and I am amazed that someone could screw up such a good story .
 The first hour in this movie is maybe the most boring hour in any movie , ever . Did really Peter Jackson direct this movie ? Is the same Peter Jackson that directed Heavenly Creatures and Lord of the Rings ? My God it looked like one of those cheap videos in youtube . The dialogs were so cheesy . Again , Is Adrien Brody an actor ? Jack Black is a good comedian , but here is out of place . His face is just so funny , when he wants to be serious in a scene you can avoid to laugh as hell . Naomi Watts looks like a rookie driver in his first day driving the beltway . The character is too much for her . Being the first King Kong a classic , even the second is much better than this and yes , Jessica Lange is way more enjoyable to watch than Naomi
 I know if you have n't already seen it , you want to . I did - even though I knew I would be bored with mindless special effects and breathtakingly dull dialogue . But I did it , like a souless drone I marched to the video store , paid my dues and suffered for over two hours until FINALLY they put that poor beast , and ME out of our misery.Two quick points :1 . Special Effects and action should support a plot - a plot should not be scribbled around effects and action sequences , which I am sure happened here .2 . Action flicks can have a great story - there seems to be this trend in Hollywood toward producing action or adventure films with absolutely no attempt to stimulate the mind . This movie is the perfect example - while my eyes bugged out of my head at times at the marvellous work of special effects , not once did I feel drawn to suspense or long to know more . Instead I patiently waited for the movie to end like an idiot.Rent it if you want , but do n't say you were n't warned .
 I appologise for all my spelling and grammar errors . Im going to be quick and sloppy since I really dont care for this movie at all.I heard somone say that Peter Jackson `` practised '' for this movie by making the Lord of the Rings first ... About an hour into the movie I wanted to walk out . The beginning wasnt to bad , but then it just started getting plain stupid . For example : Every animal in the jungle seems to be brainwashed by an evil wizard to kill all humans at any cost , without any care for its own health . -LRB- Tyranosaurus trying to eat the girl as they are held by vines and about to fall off a cliff , or the thousands of different speces of bugs coming together to kill the crew of the ship -RRB- Adrien Brody is the macho tough-guy main character ? God . . I hope I dont even need to explain this one.There is a chase scene , where a pack of at least 20 brontosaurus 's run through a canyon and the crew of the ship runs along with them between their legs , while fighting velociraptors . Approximately 5 people died in this 10 minute chase in which everyone should have died in the first minute.It seems that they tried to make the humans into bad guys who kidnap innocent Kong who just wants love ... -LRB- Cant really hold this against the movie , I just think its stupid . -RRB- This is a Peter Jackson film . . He showed a lot of talent in The Lord of the Rings . . I expected a more intelligent movie , but then again it is King Kong .
 I think this is the worst movie I have ever seen . A very slow start . Each scene was way too long and over-exaggerated . Give me the original anytime .
 For all of you people who felt that the almost 3 hour running time of this film , was lacking in length , then there 's good news for you!It would appear that KONG is going the way of the Lord Of The Rings DVDs , which means that the original theatrical version gets released first , and then several months later -LRB- just enough time for people to have forgotten that they already shelled out big bucks to own this thing , months before -RRB- a 4 disc , extended version , will be making it 's appearance around the holiday season.Let 's all hear it for , Double Dipping ... -LRB- Hey , I 'm still waiting for the 10 hour cut , of the Godzilla remake , to make its appearance ... : -RRB-
 Granted I 've never been a fan of Peter Jackson , I still had high hopes for this remake of the 1933 classic . While I loved the original , I thought , with today 's technology , and a theatrical trailer that actually looked good , this remake would have been great ! And it would have , had it been at least 45 minutes shorter.The film 's way too long 3 hour and 15 minute running time kills it , as does Jackson 's attempt to humanize the ape . The original had me feeling for Kong , but this one had me disturbed at his relationship with Ann Darrow . Jackson made it seem like the woman was in love with the ape , with lots of romantic moments between them , and a totally unnecessary ` love ' scene amongst Christmas trees , snow , and an ice skating rink . -LRB- BARF ! -RRB- The original Kong was brutal and no holds barred . This one is the standard Hollywood fare - cheesy , with two many acion sequences and scenes worthy of the cutting room floor.Speaking of unnecessary scenes , I found a good 45 minute chunk that could have been edited out of this thing and would have made the film far superior . Lots of character development that does n't add anything because it does n't go anywhere , too many repetitive action sequences that drag on and one and on , and too many lovers moments between beauty and beast.The original King Kong is what made Jackson want to become a filmmaker . You 'd think he 'd stay away from a Hollywoodized remake and try to stay true to the original . Perhaps he thinks he did , but he definitely did n't . I 'm one fan of the original who felt this film could have been so much more.By the 2 hour mark , I was ready for the film to be over , but I knew Kong had yet to be taken from Skull Island to New York . By the end , when Beauty and Beast had their tender lovers moment for the seventh time too many , I was ready to walk out of the theatre . I wish I had . But no , instead I cursed and moaned and waited for the film 's nevercoming end.I also feel to need to point out what another reviewer , whose review probably got lost in this massive shuffle , said-1 -RRB- Naomi Watts is barefoot for the whole time on Skull Island . Yet her feet never hurt , nor get cut up or blistered , no broken toes or bruised soles after running wildly over rugged terrain and sharp rocks in a night gown . Hmm ? 2 -RRB- Kong basically handles her like a rag doll for most of the time on the island , yet she suffers no whiplash , sore neck , dislocated joints , etc. 3 -RRB- Though breathtaking , the scene on top of the Empire State building is so ridiculous . I 've been up there in winter time , and there 's no way Watts does n't freeze to death in her little flapper girl dress and a pair of pumps . I mean my hand hurt just getting it out of my glove to grab a quick snapshot up there , it was like 18 degrees BEFORE the wind chill factor . Also , the wind gusts atop the tower are unbelieveable . Again , she 'd get blown right off the side of the building in those little pumps.This was quite distracting for me as well , and took away from the film . Watts ' character should have died within her first five minutes on Skull Island after what she had been through . These moments just made me angry and took away from any enjoyment I could have gotten from the film.I was never a fan of Peter Jackson ; now , he 's on my Worst Directors List . He seems to be nothing but a big show-off , as my friend so graciously pointed out after the film was over . We agreed that the film takes too long to get started , and too long to get to its end . I might be in the minority here , because the audience was clapping by the end of this . I , however , was thankful it was over . What a disappointment !
 This movie has crappy special effects and is at least an hour to long , what a yawn !! The last remake was more entertaining !
 I was very desappointed with this movie . It was way to long and boring , I think the worst part was you already knew how it was going to end , so I felt I wasted the three hours watching it . I have to admit though the scenery was great , and I did like it when they fought the big bugs.I was mostly desappointed because I figured Peter Jackson would do a great job with this movie , but maybe he should stick with directing fantasy .
 This movie looks like a videogame . The musical score is boring and forgettable . Naomi Watts is far too old for the role . Jack Black is a horrible actor who does nothing but bug his eyes out and whisper all the time . Several extranious characters are added early in the film and then just vanish for no reason at all . Several sequences were so corney I almost laughed out loud wile others were simply mean spirited . The dinosaur sequences were imitations of those boring Jurassic Park films . The hero looks like one of the Ritz brothers . The characters were so poorly developed I 'm still not sure if they were good , evil or just misguided and even the good guys were basically unlikable . The plot strayed too far from the original on several occasions . The movie ran way too long and was boring at times -LRB- `` if you shake it an hour will fall out '' -RRB- . Oh and did I mention that Kong was way to small . Other than thatits perfect .
 Are these reviewers kidding - the `` best movie ?!? '' Special effects were excellent , but that 's about it - yet , TOO much it it . Really , enough was enough . It was a `` B '' movie that my family really looked forward to & was sorry to have missed on the big screen . My children -LRB- 8 , 10 & 22 years old -RRB- asked 3x in the 1st 1/2 hour `` Are you sure this is King Kong ? '' then later , `` Is it over soon ? '' though they knew it was n't by a long shot . Nothing beats the original , as corny as it might have been . The acting was better for some characters , but I felt like I was waiting in a doctor 's office for most of the time .
 The original KING KONG is very likely my favorite movie ; there 's no saying how many times I 've seen it during the past half a century , beyond `` plenty . '' I tend to regard the sequels and remakes and knock-offs -LRB- with the single exception of the original MIGHTY JOE YOUNG -RRB- as bad ideas whose time came , and went -- leaving the one and only real KING KONG undiminished alongside other classic movies -LRB- e.g. , CASABLANCA , CITIZEN KANE , THE WIZARD OF OZ -RRB- that stand up to repeated viewings , even a lifetime 's worth of viewings , and , what 's more , resist being improved upon.To give it its due , Peter Jackson 's KING KONG is n't as bad as the 1976 remake ; it gives good monster -- think JURASSIC PARK with a big ape and a dash of ALIENS.Nevertheless , I take away points for the silly , yea , verily , embarrassing relationship developed between Jackson 's Ann Darrow and big ape ; for the film 's multiple offenses against the laws of physics -LRB- at least as those apply everywhere except in bloated Hollywood action flicks -RRB- -LRB- I suppose I should be grateful , though , that nobody in this film outruns a fireball -RRB- ; and for its overinflation of everything that worked perfectly in the 1933 version so that hardly anything works at all.And that is the heart of my disaffection
 I have the original version of the movie which is OK , especially for the time it was made.This version , however , was so full of extended special effects , one after another , that it made this long movie just tedious to watch . Even skipping the first third of the movie , before they get to the island -LRB- as recommended by the person who loaned the DVD to us -RRB- , it still just dragged and dragged . We skipped through some of it to get to the more or less interesting or better parts.So much for `` tedious '' and `` pointless '' . Now , the `` unbelievable '' . When approaching the island , the boat is in danger of crashing into some rocks -LRB- in disregard for safety , the boat is going too fast on a foggy night -RRB- . When the rocks appear , the captain orders `` stop engines '' , and the boat of course continues forward for another 10 seconds and crashes into the rocks , starting another extended special effects scene . You must `` reverse engines '' to slow quickly.There is not much that bothers me more than distorting simple reality . I can accept fictional ideas . However , if a soft and breakable woman is held in a large ape 's fist while said ape is running and pounding the ground with his closed hands , and if said ape tosses said woman from hand to hand during his fight with not one , not two , but three T-Rex 's , or catching her as she falls 50 feet more than once , and if said woman runs around barefoot on rocks and through the jungle , and if said woman is only wearing essentially a nighty and a smile - you 'd think she would at least get a scratch or bruise . Nope.When Kong -LRB- and the woman -RRB- are on the top of the Empire State building , he is attacked by several aircraft . The pilots apparently have no training , because they approach and fire the forward-facing machine guns , then zoom off . Why not simply circle around the building and allow the rear gunner to shoot continuously ? Because ... it would be over too quickly and you could not have another 10-minute long extended special effect .
 Do n't mess with a legend.Especially a movie so iconic and mythical as the original l933 King Kong . The reason its become a much beloved legend , TV staple is that it only runs 112 minutes and it moves so fast that you just sit there , stunned , as the excitement builds steadily until that unforgettable death of King Kong.Peter Jackson spent over 200 million dollars on this nearly 4 hour epic -- when at least two hours could have easily been cut . Instead , we spend nearly an hour , stuck in the beginning in NYC , as we watch long , never-ending backstories of each of the main characters.Then we have to watch a miserably miscast gallery of performers . All of them are talented in their own way , but Naomi Watts is so atheletic and feisty as Ann Darrow that we ca n't really sympathize with her plight . It was Fay Wray 's fragile but sensuous beauty that made her a perfect heroine . Jack Black is hideously midcast as voyage leader , Carl Denham . You keep waiting for him to break into one of his potty-saturated routines . Instead , he comes across as some smarmy , sneaky creep.One grows incresingly bored at the long , never-ending shots of Naomi Watts face . She stares at Adrian Brody -- her sweetheart -- in long , endless takes . When she 's not staring at Adrian Brody , she stares for endless minutes at King Kong . Toward the end , nearly half an hour is spent as the camera never leaves her staring face and then this is repeated with King Kong staring at Ann Darrow . Back and forth , stares galore , and I kept looking at the clock . Then we see Jack Black 's face -- with the camera studying his every pore as he stares intently at something beyond the camera range . One minute passes , then another , then a third of Jack Black 's face -- all for what?The sequence that really made me groan in disbelief is the big moment when King Kong is unveiled at a NYC theater . Instead of Ann Darrow as the star performer , they have a fake Ann Darrow . The real one , for reasons never explained , is performing in a chorus line down the street . Would n't you expect that someone like Ann Darrow , a struggling stage performer , would want to share in the spotlight with King kong ? Adrian Brody is also in another theater watching his drama unfold . Yet , throughout the movie , he has been one of the action characters , who helps bring Kong back to NYC . I could n't imagine anyone in NYC at that time wanting to sit through a boring dramatic play when King Kong is being presented live just down the street.If this movie had two hours pruned from it , this might save it , but for me , one time was much too much to watch this dazzling epic , that quickly bores with its illogic story line and staring performers .
 If you have never seen a version of King Kong , you may think this is a great movie -LRB- but I doubt it -RRB- . It is just way too long . It takes forever to get to Kong and then you will think that he will NEVER leave Skull Island.For those who know King Kong , it will probably be a bummer to watch this . The back-stories are almost all new and they are n't that interesting . Adrien Brody , who plays the screenwriter of the movie that is going to be filmed on the expedition , ends up being the macho hero . The guy is a great actor , but give me a break!A friend said he thought the title should have been `` The Island Time Forgot -LRB- featuring Kong -RRB- . '' The natives are really creepy on the island -LRB- nothing wrong with that part -RRB- , but here is what you have to sit through before Kong is captured
 Let me get the `` good '' things about this film out of the way
 In 1993 Steven Spielberg blessed us with Jurassic Park , the movie was a sight to behold the special effects of the dinosaurs were spectacular . Nearly thirteen years later Peter Jackson attempts to awe his audiences in the same matter . King Kong tried to hard to replicate Spielberg 's success . The movies special effects were worse than we witnessed twelve years ago . Where have movies gone sense 1993 ? Backwards . The CG in this movie was anything but spectacular . I found myself laughing at how horrible the graphics look for a movie of this size.The horrible graphics aside there were two other contributing factors to this movies downfall . First , the movie was far to long . At three hours and seven minutes long I found myself tired and disinterested . The movie seemed to have the same long drawn out scenes which although were interesting at first became old and repetitive . The same movie with the same story could have been made in a simple two hours . Jackson tried to hard to replicate the success he had with the Lord of the Rings trilogy . I 'm not sure why Hollywood feels they need to bore audiences with long meaningless scenes that fail to contribute to the story . I feel that Hollywood has failed to produce a well-written movie sense Lord of the Rings . The one and only exception being Walk The Line , which still managed to have some long boring scenes . The second factor that I felt made this movie as bad as it was , quite simply the horrible acting , throughout the movie I found myself laughing at how bad Jack Black was portraying his character . Face it Jack you 're a comedian stick to that.One last thing about this movie I found was the fight sequences . I do n't know what it is with film makers these days but ever sense the Borne Identity was released every director thinks they need that choppy in your face fight scenes where nobody can tell what is going on . Frankly it was good in those movies and that is all . I personally think Jackson is n't as great as a director as everybody makes him out to be . He is repetitive bleak and unexciting.Thank You
 We were very disappointed with this movie . Our grandsons love the old version and I had no idea within the first five min . it was strong language like &#34; GD &#34; . We are careful about what we watch and threw the movie in the trash . I feel the movie did not benefit from using foul language but then we feel this way across the board . I assumed the rating was due to violence or little scary for young children .
 If you 've seen the original film and the previous remakes ... one would wonder who could think another version seemed to be a smart idea . Guess what ? Peter Jackson , does/did . Well ... I thinkith this movie stinkiths . Twas beauty killed the beast ? Gimmie a break . It 's the producers who keep killing this story by trying to reinvent it . Firstly , the characters are boring and the casting is unbelievably attrocious . Albiet Jack Black and Niomi Watts retain a sence of interest ... the rest of the cast could be easilly replaced by the original members of that 70 's show '' CHiPs '' . I would n't have noticed a thing . The best thing going for this film , is the special effects . King Kong in his natural habitat is a scene to behold . Especially when he 's in action . It 's just too bad that it 's 2 hrs . into the second act , before we get to see him . JAckson makes good use of the 8th wonder , by maximizing the time we spend with the monkey . I truly began to feel a strange sense of compassion for King Kong . Unfortunately we had to go back to the supporting characters and my interest wained . I think King Kong will be great for kids between the ages of 3 and 15 . Beyond that , you should either watch the original or the Jessica Lange / Jeff Bridges version . Even , Mighty Joe Young . But if you 're looking for an action packed blockbuster film ... Tis ai n't the one . Twas beauty killed the beast ? I think not . I think it twas overzealous , egocentric , money wasting producers that killed this beast ... long before the climatic ending . Maybe even before the first ten minutes of this flopper .
 I had to review this after seeing all the great reviews here . First off this movie didnt make back what it cost to make in its initial run , and was panned by most respected critics . By any reasonable computation the movie was a box office flop . Word of mouth basically killed the film after its opening weekend and here are a couple of the reasons . This film was the biggest dissapointment that I personally have ever received at the movie theater . The scenes where it looks like the ape is in love and especially the laughing and mock ice skating scenes were totally unnecessary and patently ridiculous . The special effects while impressive at times were so obviously CGI in certain scenes on the big screen that I thought I was watching a film from 15 years ago . I mean the dinosaurs in the first Jurassic park were way more believable . I my wife and 2 kids boys of 4 and 12 at the time respectively all thought the movie blew . The only time that I have been anywhere near this dissapointed in a movie that I had thought would be good was X-MEN 2 . I will now say after an agonizingly thorough dressing down , that it appears I was completely wrong to assert that this film was not a commercial success . However I will restate that this film was a huge personal dissapointment , and that my whole family hated it .
 I 'm not going to critisize the plot of the film because it ultimately adheres quite closely to the original 1933 Merian C. Cooper version of the film . However this film is 187min long and in order to fill this extra time it digresses into silly nonsense for large portions of the film . A problem I had was that while watching it I was constantly being reminded of other films like ` Jurassic Park ' -LRB- Dinosaurs share characteristics -RRB- ` Apocalypse Now ' -LRB- one person is reading Heart of Darkness -RRB- ` Lord Of The Rings ' -LRB- Villagers mannerisms are similar to Gollum -RRB- and ` Titanic ' to name a few . Another problem I have is with the cinematography , which is just too colourful for my palette . Of courses there is an unnecessary excess of CGI in this film . There was a time when special affects were used in films to create the illusion of reality now special affects seem to be used to make things seem unreal . We can easily sit now and point out what is CGI and what is not and besides some of it is so appallingly bad it 's hard to miss , the dinosaur stampede especially . As for the attempt to develop a relationship between Ann Darrow and the 25 ft ape , it is completely laughable.I had high hopes for the Lord Of The Rings trilogy and was disappointed so I was n't really expecting much here . For me Peter Jackson 's best two films will always be ` Bad Taste ' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and ` Brain Dead ' -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . I prefer the original King Kong over this boring nonsense any day .
 I was really looking forword to this movie . All the things I heard about it on tv and read about it made it sound like it was going to be one of those epic remakes with some great computer generated stunts and other eye candy effects . Plus a great story line that kept the movie moving . Boy was I disappionted . I hope to save you , rent it first . If you like and think its worth the money then buy it . But I did n't find it worth the three hours of my time to watch it .
 Please ... . This movie was absolutely dreadful . The ridiculous scenes were enough for me . Do not waste your time renting , buying or otherwise watching this terrible remake !
 Painfully long . Too many scenes drawn out that you squirm waiting for them to end . It 's awful.This is NOT a fun movie except for the parts that are so ridiculously stupid like men outrunningdinosaurs or King Kong ice skating in NYC.It 's dark and scary and filled with images that are certain to bring nightmares to children.All the CGI tricks used to make this mess still does n't save it . It 's a bad movie.Some of the CGI is great - and some is surprisngly bad.Kong 2005 is badly written and directed by a self-indulgent movie-maker . The 1933 and 1976 versions of King Kong were better by far.Life is too short to waste watching stuff like this .
 It seems I might be the first one posting here that is not a Peter Jackson fan-boy ! I am interested in seeing the extended cut of this film to see if it adds any substance . The theatrical version had many great moments ... but also an hour of unnecessary `` character development '' . I believe the entire 1933 original version can be viewed in less time than it takes for Kong to make his first appearance in this remake . The lame attempts at giving the characters depth and backstories added nothing to the story . This would have played better -LRB- and probably to a greater audience -RRB- at two hours . I am a great lover of film as both an art form and for just plain , fun entertainment ... and it 's sad when I see a film like this and know beyond a doubt I could create a substantially improved product using the available material . I 'll be getting this one from Netflix.As for the `` double-dipping '' issue ... it seems it 's not a factor on this title but I understand they will hit LOTR fans hard with it this year . Peter Jackson must have been schooled by George Lucas !
 Jackson has got it wrong this time but not everything . The first one-hour of the film - the audience might as well have a nice sleep . The choice of Naomi Watts is absolutely wrong cause she does n't look fresh but jaded , aged and over the hill for this role . I think Nicole Kidman would have been the right choice with her moues and limited acting skills . The visual attractions of the movie like dinosaurs ' fights and King Kong antics leave you cold . The background music fails the movie horrendously . In trying to keep the originality of the score the composer has lost sight of the movie 's subject and fails most supremely to create a menacing atmosphere.However , one would have not expected this but Jack Black leaves his usual circus-dog antics and acts well . Brody might as well not been there . Rest of cast nap through the movie ! However , one ought to see this movie because it has been feted and celebrated in this present time we 're living in and we must not leave anything that life offers us , is n't it ? So grab your chance and see this movie and well , if you do n't see it , you wo n't miss much . Cheers !
 I love the 1976 version which really had incredible effects especially in Kong 's facial emotions and perfected the relationship between Kong and the woman.I was not expecting to love this but I was expecting it to be alright and maybe even pretty good . But this movie was absolutely torture to sit through.First off , it 's a CGI fest . Of course I knew that going in but I had a false hope that perhaps they would show restraint and use CGI skillfully . I have n't paid attention but I hope this did not win any special effects awards . The effects of this movie and those of its type are not artistry or cinematic skill , it 's all a matter of computer technology being powerful enough to process and render it all.This has all the undesirable aspects associated with CGI . It has the overly elaborate absurd action sequences . People run under a stampede of dinosaurs always finding the right spot to avoid being trampled and a guy karate kicks a dinosaur as he jumps from the foot of a larger dinosaur . We have outrageous falls and always something available and utilized to break the action and he used as a swing to further combative action . Ordinary people are utilizing everything in the environment to do amazing feats.We also have the ridiculous shifting camera angles that seem so unnatural because they can not represent anyone 's point of view.This movie is backed by a bland musical score . The acting is equally bland and does n't cause any identification to the characters . To me this movie hinges on the identification of the relationship between Kong and the woman which was created so beautifully in the 1976 version.In this one , Kong is whipping the woman around violently . So much so that her neck would have to be broken . Kong also starts out displaying threatening intimidation and intimidating bullying of the woman . The mood becomes like a kid 's movie as the woman wins Kong over by juggling and dancing for his entertainment.I was also annoyed by the movie switching to horror mode with the natives being presented as witch type characters.The bulk of the movie is spent in CGI Jurassic Park mode with constant CGI dinosaur attacks and Kong/Dinosaur battles . We also have multitudes of large CGI creatures attacking the other group of adventurers.As I should have expected but had hoped against , the CGI goes beyond over the top when giant insects are swarming on a guys head and body as he jumps around erratically . His buddy then gets a machine gun and blasts off the insect attackers that are grasping him.This really had nothing at common with the groundbreaking film from 1932 besides ending as expected . Despite recreating nothing worthwhile from the 1932 classic , it did decide to bring back the worst aspect which was the corny ending remark . `` It was beauty that killed the beast '' . It is so frustrating to constantly see such uninspired garbage being rated 4 out of 5 stars here on Amazon and making so much money . It is quite scary to realize that the average mentality of society is so low .
 For anyone who grew up watching the original King Kong , Peter Jackson 's remake is especially disappointing . It is far less realistic or exciting than the original . While the original producers knew how to make a compelling hour and a half long film , Jackson clearly has no idea how to do that in a three hour long flick where he does not have a lengthy novel to serve as his literary guide.After a promising beginning , Jackson 's film starts to go south when we arrive at Skull Island . This movie has much more action and adventure on Skull Island than did the original . This movie has at least five major action sequences on Skull Island . These scenes have some fun value , but due to Jackson 's use fo fuzzily photographed , slow-motion scenes , they are not as much fun as they could have been.An especially disappointing aspect of Jackson 's version is that his three lead actors are able to repeatedly survive falling into ravines , numerous waves of attacking monsters and a dinosaur stampede without suffering even so much as a single injury . The remainder of the ship 's crew perish , but the impossibility of the three lead actors being able to survive and thrive under those circumstances is a massive violation of the suspension of disbelief necessary to enjoying a film such as this.Fundamentally , King Kong is not an action flick but rather a love story between the great ape and the beautiful blonde . This aspect of Jackson 's film is poorly handled and gets pretty sappy.Basically , fans of the original King Kong are well advised to leave this one alone .
 Watch the 1933 original -- great movie , right ? Now sit down and watch this one . Who the @ # $ % cast Jack Black ? Let me make this brief , this movie was an enormous disappointment WITH THE EXCEPTION of the brilliantly acted and shot scenes on the ship as it arrives at the island and gets hung up on the rocks -- I loved it ! The actor who played the captain was excellent . I also thought the visuals of the biplanes at the end were extraordinary , but I 'd turn the air blue if I described what I thought about the rest of the movie . WAY off target , not worth viewing , honestly , and I expected a terrific movie . I left the theatre really genuinely angry , it 's not as bad as `` Alien 3 '' but it 's in that league , when even little kids were leaving the theatre talking about how they 'd have told the story ... better .
 -LRB- Widescreen DVD format . -RRB- This version of King Kong starts out very well with believable characters , subplots , and scripting . The story sets up several hints at interesting characters with intriguing personal stories . The one indication that the script may turn into Hollywood nonsense is Mr. Driscoll being stuck in an animal cage.Everything else seems to be going great until the big tree trunk over the ravine . At that point , the script drops everything on the floor - characterizations , relationships , and depth - to focus on ridiculous scenes of grotesque deaths and stampeding bouncing dinosaurs -LRB- which are , in a way , hilarious in their absurdity -RRB- . Resolutions of all the interesting stories set up in the beginning become moot as characters are knocked off left and right.The sole relationship of any depth is the strange Stockholm Syndrome pseudo-romance between Ann Darrow and King Kong . Ann Darrow 's on-again , off-again fascination with Kong is especially incoherent at the end of the movie . Finally , with Kong splat on the concrete , all other relationships and many loose ends are left completely dangling.We agree with another reviewer - this is another case of focus on superficial appearance with CGI effects at the expense of completely abandoning all story depth .
 I 'm amazed that so many people liked this movie . In every way that it touches on the original , it fails miserably . Carl Denham , based on director Marion C. Cooper and presented as a showman at the top of his form in the original , is presented as a loser and con man who has almost no track record and who lies to everyone throughout the movie . Jack Black 's portrayal is so low key that you wonder why anyone would follow this guy across the street , much less to the South Pacific . Ann Darrow is portrayed as too good for burlesque , but not too good to steal an apple from a vendor -LRB- something that the original 's Ann refused to do , even though she was starving -RRB- . The natives on Skull Island may be the most unsympathetic of all . Shown as quaint primitives in the original , they 're transformed to bloodthirsty headhunters in this remake . Yes , they 're scarier , but we get no sense of what it is that they 're scared of , as the `` bride of Kong '' sacrifice/ceremony has been removed , so that when they kidnap Ann -LRB- done , not by rowing up to the ship , but by pole-vaulting across the rough seas and dragging her back on a rope easily covered the better part of a mile and whose weight would have dragged her under -RRB- , we do n't know what 's in store -LRB- well , yeah , we do , but only because we 've seen the original -RRB- . The CGI animations of the monsters of Skull Island are abour as perfect as we 've come to expect , but so what ? We 've seen stampeding dinosaurs in Jurassic Park , and the combat between Kong and the three T-Rexes involves him tossing Ann around as if he were juggling her . The constant jolts would have killed her long before the end of the fight , which went on far too long . The NYC sequences are gorgeous , but again , the action makes very little sense . The sequence of Kong chasing Driscoll in the cab owed more to the Godzilla remake than to Kong , and the sequence between Ann and Kong in Central Park is so idiotic as to defy description -LRB- giant ape on ice with girl in skimpy evening gown , should n't she be frozen stiff by the time they got to the top of the Empire State Building ? -RRB- . Yeah , I know , these sound like nitpicks , but when a three-hour movie fails to engage , you have all of the time in the world to pick it apart.Save your money and buy the original . It 's a better movie .
 Despite its flaws I am a big fan of Peter Jackson 's three hour overproduced , overblown version of `` King Kong '' . Being an owner of the two disc version of the original theatrical cut I have to say this three disc version is n't really necessary.First of all the extended scenes do n't really add anything to the story . We see enough weird creatures in the original cut attacking the hunting party that we do n't need to see a another attack by a dinosaur nor do we need to see a giant swamp creature attacking the rescue party . Not that these are bad scenes . They are just kind of there.Now there is a scene towards the end of the movie in which a military guy gives an awful speech , `` This town was created by humans for humans and I am not gon na let some dirty ape destroy it '' Blah blah blah . This was a bad scene and should have been included in the deleted scenes.Speaking of the deleted scenes , most of them are on the boat ride . Had Jackson including them the running time of King Kong would have been closer to four hours with at least another half an hour on the already long boat ride.As for the `` Making of '' documentaries
 I looked forward to this movie and was terribly disapointed . The movie was 1 hour too long , the special effects were weak , and over the top . Wait for it to come out on cable
 The story of King Kong is so simple that a 7-minute miniepisode of The Simpsons tells as much story as Peter Jackson 's 3-hour movie . But we all know the story anyway - Jackson 's challenge is to bring modern filmmaking techniques to the story and to give us something we 've never seen before . Certainly , his recreation of 1930 's NYC is impressive , and his Kong is amazing . Unfortunately , that is where my praise for the film ends -LRB- except to mention Jack Black 's performance , which was a treat to watch -RRB- . There are a lot of details that I could go into as to why I consider Jackson 's film to be failure . None of these would be fatal on their own , and in fact most would be quickly forgiven in an engaging film . But therein lies the problem - this film is not engaging . In fact , it 's somewhat dull . This is not the director that brought out such wonderful and subtle performances in the LotR trilogy but rather the director of B-level horror films like Braindead . There is simply too much action over too long a time , and the brain tunes out . The story is made to showcase the abilities of the special effects , rather than the effects serving the needs of the story.Even then the effects are not the best I 've seen . How this film won an Oscar when Star Wars III was n't even nominated is offensive ! As I mentioned , Kong himself is very impressive , but nothing else in the film matches that achievement . This would not be a problem if the filmakers were aiming for a stylised cartoon-like vision . But Kong 's realism serves to highlight the inadequacies of the rest of the film . Most damaging are the scenes on the water -LRB- see
 This movie looks like a contest set up by CG animators for CG animators . Let 's make it as complicated as possible , they must have said . Let 's not have one brontosaur , let 's have dozens of them , on a panicked rampage through a narrow gorge . Let 's not have Kong fight a single Tyrannosaur , let 's have him fight three , not on the ground , but dangling from lianas . And then lets have lots more
 The best part of the whole film is the ape . Superb special effects bring Kong to life but I did n't need 3 hours to admire it . Mingled in between for what seemed like eternity was a bit lifted right out of Jurassic Park replete with horrible special effects looking like they were from a cheap Japanese Godzilla film years ago -LRB- they obviously spent all of the effects budget on the ape -RRB- . And ... someone PLEASE tell Jack Black to take some acting classes . How a marginal talent like this guy lands a gig like this movie is beyond me . Completely mis-cast with that dopey half smirk on his face the whole 3 hours . If you want to see King Kong , the original is still by far the best . ** BnB Beatles Depot **
 The sad thing about this movie is that it was full of wasted potential . It started out with an intersting lead , and made you want to get to know more about the story , as well as the characters . Then , we got to the bloody jungle and it all went downhill from there.Major plotlines were suddendly dropped . For instance , what happeneded to the love brewing between Adam Brody and Naiomi Watts ? There chemistry suddenly fell flat . Plus this is a movie which shows how important an editor 's job is to the overall movie process . There is no reason in the world that this movie had to be 3 + hrs long . None . Nada . Zip . Zero . I felt every hour of this movie-3 hrs which i will never get back . And the sad thing was that even I could see places where things could have been cut ! Like for instance , did Kong have to battle , not 1 , not 2 , but 3 monsters ? One really intense brawl with one of those disgusting creatures would have been great for me.By the end , you cared neither about the story , or the characters . It 's funny , when one would think that the more time spent with a character , the better you get to know them , but after the 3 hrs the only character I truly cared about was the giant monkey , and he went and died at the end , which pretty much sums up what the movie did as well.However , the special effects-if you 're into that sort of thing - were AMAZING . Brilliantly done , it felt as if you were truly there . However , special effects ca n't rescue a movie . The settings were also lovely , and the costumes relating to the time period was gorgeous . But honestly , this movie was childish , boring and long , and sadly , might have been a halfway decent movie if not for the length . The only saving grace was that I was n't the one who had to pay for the tickets , though i still considered asking for my money back .
 There still is only one King Kong , and he 's alive and well in the new dvd release of the 1933 Willis O'Brien masterpiece.As for this mess , I 'm sick of seeing computer animated digital paintings being passed off as the new generation of movie magic . Reducing characters and settings to polygons and texture maps does not make them look real , they just look like moving oil paintings . Less an improvement over past techniques than a cheaper , faster alternative , at best it 's a lateral move in a less aesthetically desirable direction . CGI exists nowhere else but the flat screen ; clearly , and it shows just that , it 's FLAT , as in `` lacking depth '' , which is why such images also lack a sense of life and are instantly forgettable . The objects used to create these virtual images will never be romaticized or sought after by collectors , nor enshrined in movie museums . They ca n't be , because they do n't exist in the real world . CGI carries none of an artist 's physical touch , nor the resonance of imagery recorded when real objects and characters go before the camera . Because of that , these transient virtually created images will never achieve the kind of legendary status that decades of real cinematic craft have given us , and that , decades after their premieres , are still loved and idolized.The most obvious example here would be the original `` Kong '' , over 70 years old and rightly idolized by Peter Jackson.Which is why I ca n't understand how Jackson , a fervent Kong fan , could -LRB- digitally -RRB- render such a pile of poo . Jackson may be tantamount to a god for legions of fans , but I have never understood why . A certain `` Ring '' trilogy literally put me to sleep before I could make it through the first installment , and I find this bitter pill just as hard to swallow.This `` KONG '' is no fun -- worse , it 's tedious and overwrought . It comes off like meatloaf , so packed with fillers and extenders that the finished work barely resembles it 's origins , or it 's original intentions . If I had been alone for the viewing of this tired body I would have fled 30 minutes into the thing . As I was unable to escape , I found myself fidgeting constantly , and realized I was actually pulling at my hair and grinding my teeth when being force fed such empty calories as Jamie Bell 's whiny sea boy struggling with what it means to be a hero -LRB- who cares , kid ? Why is your character taking up screen time ? Did I just answer my own question ? -RRB- or the many `` dramatic '' zooming closeups of Evan Parke as he 's imparting some crapball of quiet seafarin ' wisdom that 's been written for him to say , or enduring yet another unnecessary and ridiculous digital Dinos Gone Wild segment -LRB- there are MANY of these to choose from , just pick your favorite fictionalized silly species -- prehistoric vampire bats , anyone ? How about an `` exciting '' mid-air battle involving not one , but THREE T-Rex wannabees ? . How ` bout that beyond extreme Skull Island native population , who , from the look of their surroundings , must actually be located not on a lush South Seas island , but on a rocky alien planet completely devoid of shelter , plant life , color , or a detectable source of food ? Wait-what with all those human bones lying around , are we now supposed to think that they have been AMPED UP like every other element of this travesty so they are now scary CANNIBALS ? Oh , brother . And why do the native islanders all look like caucasians who were literally doused in Hershey 's chocolate syrup ? Is that why they 're all so mad?And HOW many TIMES do we have to see a sweeping helicopter shot of that damn boat ? I get it already , they 're on a mysterious voyage aboard a tramp steamer . Nobody 's sure how it 's all gon na end up , there 's an island full of skulls , we 're all so scared , blah , blah , blah . Roll end credits , please.The list of offenses goes on and on and on , but I 've got a date to view the real Kong and his yet-to-be-matched leading lady . Sorry , Ms. Watts seemed earnest enough , but , well , at least she tried . Just do n't make me have to sit and watch her exchange drawn out , longing , deeply meaningful glances with either Adrien Brody or a piece of CGI ever , ever again . I 'd tolerate another viewing of the awful 1976 version before I would endure three hours of this again . At least the '76 version is redeemed by Rick Baker 's genius . Real actor in a real costume , real rubber , real hair , real light striking a real surface . NO motion capture needed . That ape is no less convincing , just un-real in a different , less offensive way.I 'll close by saying that if you like movies with miscast lead actors -LRB- why does Jack Black have a career ? -RRB- and specifically movies which contain lots and lots of flat , fast-moving but lifeless , often strobe-y video game effects , then you will certainly call this `` entertainment '' . Oh , yeah , did I mention that nearly every scene was apparently steeped in orangey tea for an irritating , patently tweaked honey/amber effect -LRB- to drive with a sledge hammer the notion that we 're seeing a scene taking place in the old-timey 1930 's , or are having to look at a digital sunrise/sunset/maudlin digitized death scene -RRB- , or appears to have been washed in blue ink for an equally irritating , cold and grim effect?I hate , hate , hate this version of King Kong . Fay Wray , by all accounts a brilliant mind , confirmed her intellect when she personally declined Jackson 's offer to appear in this project .
 If you like special effects , you 'll love this movie . If you like good acting and intelligent script , do n't waste your time.There is very little to like about this movie other than the CGI effects . Watch either of the other two King Kong movies instead .
 They could have cut the first hour out and it still would be a waste of time . The only good thing about this movie was King Kong . Its a shame what they did to such a great classic film .
 When the highly anticipated `` King Kong '' first hit theaters , i remember a lot of critics and friends saying it was a '' great '' movie . However within the first 3 weeks of it 's release those endorsements declined pretty rapidly , which i thought was strange for such a big budget special effects spectacular . And then I saw it ... This movie sucks . By the end of it was wondering if the monkey had the right idea by taking a dive . It feels incredibly artificial and it 's WAAYYYYY too long . It 's 3 hours of cinematic overkill and rehashed plot lines that feel a lot like deja vu . The first hour we are introduced to all the 1920 period characters on a boat -LRB- a la Titanic -RRB- , who all have some history that plays no part in the last 2/3 of the movie . The second hour we finally meet the ape , but also about a dozen or so other dangerous creatures , including dinosaurs , which they must fight off in the mysterious lost jungle -LRB- a la Jurassic park -RRB- and the last 45 minutes , or so , we get the beast running rampant through out new york until the military catches up -LRB- a la Godzilla -RRB- . The saving graces are the scenery , the special effects , and Kong himself , who is the most impressive and believable character in the whole thing . Naomi Watts and Adrien Brody could n't save the schlock-fest , and Jack Black just seemed out of place with his contemporary squinty eyed manic antics . This is a case where less ultimately , would have been more ... like at least 45 minutes less , about 5 story lines less , and less cheap-shots at sentimentality . By the way , I have never seen the lakes in central park freeze hard enough to support a 5 ton ape .
 This is just a mediocre remake of an incredibly classic film . The original is one of the world 's greatest films . They recreated 1933 NYC with new technology ... the real 1933 NYC is visible in the original movie . Very overrated film . Perhaps I expoected too much . The 18 inch rubber Kong doll used in the original was more intimidating .
 Why is there 3 different versions of this movie ???? most people prefer to see the special features !!! most dvds have the widescreen / fullscreen on 1 disk and the 2nd disk is also included with the special features . i guess Pete and universal want everyone to buy all 3 along with his production diaries since the movie didnt make what they expected thanks for the ripoff keep your special features !!!!!!!!!!
 The 2005 version of King Kong started out great , with a good flavor of New York during the depression . Eventually it gets too long
 I walked out after an agonizing 30 minutes . OK so the special effects are more modern ; the rest is junk . The so-called tribe on the island were strictly 3rd rate the actors are unknown to me - no one with a reputation wanted to be in it or was the budget that low ? It did nothing for me . By the way Cheaper be the Dozen did not do it either . Was I having a bad day ?
 This film prides itself for promoting ugliness . Disgusting looking natives on the island and disgusting fictional animals and lots of violence . Waste of time and money . The animation was impressive but I do n't recommend this movie .
 I suggest , you should not show this movie to kids under 13 . Because it is very , very , very horrifying and graphic and demonic and a lot of bad scenes and I think this movie should be rated `` R '' ! In the jungle the people 's hair is long , and creepy ! I suggest you should not let your under 13 aged children see this ! ALERT ALERT !
 I Love Peter Jackson 's movies , except this one . This movie Is to horrible to express in words . I think that this has to be one of the worst movies next to the new superman movie . In both movies they did not think things through . Yah you can say the special effects are good , and they are . But effects do n't make a movie good unless the story is good . If I could I would give this movie a half star , and that 's genoris onl because people say the effects rock , but I could not care less about special effects .
 BORING . LONG . It stars Jack Black , which automatically makes it bad . But the drawn-out story just makes it worse.On the positive side , it looks good . HD-DVD is a winner . And the fairly reasonably priced XBox 360 HD-DVD adapter is well worth every penny .
 Maybe they looked cool in the theatre , but at home this movie just looked absolutely horrible . It was really lame and boring , despite it 's having lots of fight scenes . I have to admit I actually turned it off 2 hours into it . Really sucked .
 Well , I just watched this very long movie with my wife and after more than three hours , we could n't wait to see if ANYBODY had actually given this movie a positive review . As you can see elsewhere , people did ! I can not posibly imagine why and after reading these reviews I can only conclude that these people must have watched a completely different movie ! This is the most ridiculous , drawn-out schlock I have seen in a very long time . It is so incredibly trite and exaggerated that I could n't help but roll my eyes and laugh out loud that valuable resources were wasted to make this . The movie is as gripping as watching someone fly-fish ! Had I had the misfortune of watching this in a theater , I would have walked out.I give Jackson credit for his work on Lord of the Rings but after this , I can only hope that he is not allowed to ever make another movie again . But what do I know , I 'm just some guy who enjoys good movies . This one easily makes it onto my Top 10 worst movies to ever hit the Big Screen . Zero Stars !
 I `` VE ALWAYS BEEN A FAN OF THE ORIGINAL KING KONG . I COULD NOT WAIT TO SEE THIS REMAKE , THE TRAILER SEEMED TO SHOW THAT THIS VERSION FOLLOWED THE ORIGINAL STORY ... BUT THEN COMES THE STUPID PARTS SUCH AS THE YOUNG LADY IN THE FAY WRAY ROLL DOING TRICKS HAND STANDS , AND JUGGLING FOR A SIX STORY APESOME HOW , THAT PART OF THE STORY JUST DOEST WASH. ... I LOST ALL MY INTEREST FROM THAT POINT ON ... THE BATTLE OF THE PREHISTORIC CREATURES AND SPECIAL EFFECTS ARE THE ONLY SAVING GRACE FOR AN ALMOST GREAT MOVIE ...
 Just watched KK for the first time . Unaware of the pointless nature of most of the film . I never believed that any of the characters had any personal business on Skull Island.The bugs , dinosaurs , and weird evil natives were as overdone as burnt toast that sets off the smoke alarm . There were too few scenes that would give the movie any positive spin . You know bad guys smashed or something . The point of the movie according to Mr. Jackson was that bugs , people , and dinosaurs are evil and that KK is an overgrown primate trapped in world that tortures him daily and finally kills him . Oh , yeah the movie is great if you would like a CGI headache .
 By the time everyone gets to Skull Island you are bored . Jurassic Park showed us ground-breaking dinosaur CGI and we were scared by the dinosaurs.Seeing a bloated Jack Black outrun a RAPTOR , while holding his hat onto his head , was more hokey than hokey . I was laughing at how the dinosaurs were flying by everyone -LRB- with less than an inch between them -RRB- in the stampede.No one seemed at all `` surprised '' by the fact that they ended up on an island filled with prehistoric life.The bug cavern scene was neat , which is why this gets 1 star.Why would Adrian Brody 's character go off on his own ? Did the bugs decide to ignore him ? No one wondered off on their own in Jurassic Park .
 This is just not acceptable from Amazon . Why are the DVD 's I just bought all looked like they 've been used ?? I bought 300 for DVD and it has a bunch of fingerprints on it . This one has smears like if it was washed by a dish washer . I bought this brand new -LRB- Suppose -RRB- I guess not ! There 's no mention in the description that this is a refurblished product . Just NOT ACCEPTABLE ! DO NOT BUY DVD 'S from Amazon .
 `` I give you ... Kong ! '' - Carl Denham , King KongIt seems that success has spoiled Peter Jackson . Flush from his much deserved acclaim as Director/Co-Writer of the ` Lord of the Rings ' trilogy , Jackson jumped right into a re-make of the 1933 classic ` King Kong ' . The result is a long winded , over indulgent vanity project that explodes like a bottle rocket and shoots in all directions.There is something that happens to filmmakers once the restraints are lifted . During the making of the original ` Star Wars ' trilogy , George Lucas had the restrictions of money and technology . I think this forced -LRB- Pun ! -RRB- him to be more focused on story and character development . With his prequels , he had free reign and the results were -LRB- mostly -RRB- disastrous . The same is true of the Wachowski brothers and their ill fated ` Matrix ' sequels . So too did unlimited resources and power spoil Jackson with ` Kong ' . It 's too long , too loud and too pretentious . I do hope he has learned a lesson here , because we need Peter Jackson 's storytelling prowess with these types of films now that Steven Spielberg has decided to chase Oscars.If you dig through the muck there are nice moments to be found , but they are too few to sustain a 3 plus hour effort . I say take your money and go to the Zoo instead .
 Why do they re-make good movies . They were good to begin with . They should re-make bad movies and try to make them better.This movie was more of a bad video game than a movie . The special effects were so obviously inauthentic that they were almost laughable.The first hour was fine , and was comedic . Then the movie got into gore when the party got to the island , and any thought of comedy disappeared . It seemed like a horror movie . And then when Kong appeared , it switched to action/fantasy . In New York , it was just plain silly .
 Anybody who 's seen and appreciated the original will be unpleasantly surprised by this `` cover . '' It seems that George Lucas and Steven Spielberg have set the bar remarkably low for film directors
 Where do I start ? I wanted so much to like Peter Jackson 's vision of King Kong . After all , his Lord of the Rings films were staggeringly good , especially in the extended editions . It 's a rare director who can make a film that holds you to your seat for three to four hours . He did it easily . And so when I read that King Kong was going to be nearly one-third longer than its predecessors , I shrugged it off . `` The longer , the better , '' I thought.Boy , was I wrong.This latest -- and entirely unnecessary -- remake of the classic film fails in almost every way . Its self-indulgence is epic in scope , with the overall feel of a sugar addict starved for a week and released into a swimming pool of vanilla frosting . There 's too much of just about everything . Too many slow motion shots with over-the-top looks of longing ; too many close ups of Adrian Brody ; to many fuzzy-looking brontosaurs ; too much juggling ; too many cars getting flipped over ; and on and on . Enough already.We only get to Skull Island after what feels like a ten-year voyage on a creaky iron schooner populated by caricatures
 I do not own this , but I have seen the DVD release . When this movie was advertised I was really enthusiastic about checking it out
 After seeing this movie -LRB- and while seeing this movie -RRB- , the one thought that kept coming to mind was : `` If every scene had been chopped by 2/3 it would have been a pretty good movie . `` The best example of this would have to be the Kong vs T-Rex trifecta . Disregarding how all the animals in question managed to come out of each individual attack unscathed until the final death came -LRB- no broken bones , no cuts , etc -RRB- and disregarding how Kong manages not to hurt or kill the female lead while protecting her -LRB- I know _ I _ always grip a bit too hard when trying to grab something that 's falling -RRB- and how she managed to come out uninjured with everything going on around her ... the scene was just too long and repetitive . The final Empire State building scene took too long also , especially the final ` slide off the building ' . I 've seen a repeated claim of disbelief that some people found the movie boring . Yep , there 's enough action for three movies . I wo n't deny that . But action for the sake of action , with no suspense , is boring to me . Suspense for me requires a couple of things
 First of all let me say I really wanted to like PJ 's KK . It saddens me to say this thing was just overdone in every conceivable way . NY opening , boat trip , Skull Island , Back to NY ... all way too long . Dinosaur fight scenes go on forever -LRB- and why did Jackson think three T-Rexes would be better than one ??? because they ai n't -RRB- . Spider-pit scene is just plain gross and , once again , goes on too long . This film suffers what I 'm calling the ` Matrix ' effect . Like the Matrix sequels what would have made a decent , no more than 2hr film , becomes an overlong snoozer . Give a director creative carte blanche and a blank check and you get an overblown mess . Someone should have made Jackson deliver a movie an hour shorter . Save the version I was subjected to theatrically for the 4 disc DVD you know is coming in time for Christmas this year .
 Unless you 've been living under a rock for some 70 years , you know the plot of King Kong , the scoop on the remake , and are probably acquainted with several reviews of it . So let 's cut to the chase . Why does n't this film work ? OK -1 . Ann Darrow is pummeled and flung around by Kong and assorted prehistoric beasts for what seems like hours , any 5 seconds of which would have popped her head off like a toy , yet emerges unscathed . She also runs for hours barefoot through a wild jungle without suffering the slightest scratch to her feet2 . Use of slow shutter speed when being terrorized by the natives for `` dramatic effect '' might work in an episode of `` Unsolved Mysteries , '' but we could expect more from a multi-gajillion dollar Hollywood blockbuster .3 . Adrian Brody grabs Ann and flies a pterodactyl from a mountain ledge down to the jungle floor . ` Nuff said .4 . Jack Black demonstrates the acting range that has made him a leading contender for the role of `` Nacho Libre 2 . `` 5 . Streets of New York , including Police cars , screaming pedestrians and assorted carnage and destruction , are nonsensically calmed and cleared during Kong 's rampage through New York City to make way for a slo-motion Armani evening gown catwalk sequence .6 . The producers of King Kong were apparently forced to sign the `` every actor in every action movie must run across a series of bridges or groundwork which collapse into the abyss 0.003 seconds after they step off '' clause .7 . Brontosaurus stampede is ridiculous , CGI is unconvincing , and every actor in the movie should have been crushed dead within 12 seconds but is n't . Sequence also seems to last for 45 + minutes8 . After finally capturing Kong , the now-damaged and too small vessel is tasked with carrying him . Then we inexplicably cut to New York City where Kong has safely arrived . ?????? 9 . Standing atop the Empire State Building in high heels poses no threat of falling due to winds , vertigo , or exhaustion10 . Nights in New York last from 10 PM to 11:45 PM , at which point the sun rises again . I had no idea New York City occupied the same latitude as Nome , Alaska11 . Does Kong get relentlessly attacked every night by hordes of pterodactyls ? If so , why ? And if not , why now ? 12 . Are we supposed to believe that with much of the crew missing and maybe being killed , with the ship barely seaworthy and in desperate need of attention , the other crewmates have nothing better to do than discuss classic literature ? 13 . For that matter , why are many of these shipmates introduced , fleshed out , and never mentioned again ? 14 . How come no one in a staff of thousands working on the movie noticed any of the above ?
 I fell asleep ten minutes into this film . I thought Jack Black was miscasted . LOTR is awesome but King Kong was slow paced and boring . The best part of the film was when they fight the giant insects . The insect part was great .
 I was kind of dragged to this movie , and have to say that had I been alone , I would have left halfway through . The special effects were ridiculous -LRB- come on , the girl was flung around like a rag doll and not one bruise on her body ? And do n't get me started on the dinosaur stampede ... -RRB- . Most of the special effects besides Kong were very obvious , and there was an overabundance of huge , creepy creatures that would only attack once the actors woke up . The only redeeming quality of this movie was the relationship between King Kong and Naomi Watts ' character .
 This film is over three hours long . It takes an hour and ten minutes to see the monkey . The CGI effects are good , but not perfect ; in particular the recreation of Depression-era Manhattan has a digitalized patina , and the multifarious dinosaurs look a little toy-like - Kong , however , is very well done . The story makes very little sense , certainly no more than in the original movie , and no attempt is made to make it coherent - one can only assume that its logic is meant to be that of a dream . Unfortunately , listening to someone recount their dreams is notoriously tedious , and so it is here . Natives appear and disappear , brontosauruses and leeches come and go , and Kong brushes off tyranosaurus rexes and bullets galore but succumbs to a spear in the leg and a bottle of ether ; the crew of the ship is seemingly infinite , providing bloody cannon-fodder , and while their navigational skills seem impaired on the outward journey , homeward bound they contrive to save not just themselves but Kong as well ; aeroplanes fly sufficiently close to Kong for him to grasp them from the sky , and Naomi Watts is fabulously free of a fear of heights . Of course , a dream leaves little room for character development and the humans all remain much less human than the ape . With no sympathetic human character to empathize with the film becomes boring . Perhaps if Naomi Watts fattened herself up a little and found a better line of amusing small talk then things would have been all right . As it was , I was rooting for the ape and , as we all know , he did n't do so well , so only two stars .
 If King Kong was trimmed down to maybe a little over 2 hours , this film could have been in the running for Best Picture . Though , running at 3 hours and 7 minutes , King Kong is an obnoxiously long film that loses its epic and awe-striking abilities way before the conclusion . Mr. Jackson , director of the classic LOTR series , seemed to have led his focus astray on the special effects of this film , and lost track of the incredibly simple-minded and boring story . He had such talent to work with , Jack Black , Naomi Watts , Colin Hanks , and Academy Award winner Adrien Broody , but all of the talent is overshadowed by the impressive but grossly overused special effects . This film had so much potential though its plot moves slower than a tired snail . Mr. Jackson made a terrible mistake by letting his enthusiasm for the project stand in the way of telling what could have been an emotional film . At the end of the film , the viewer does not care if King Kong dies or lives but probably is still wondering how the animal even got to New York in the first place . The ship is completely ruined and Jackson leaves us with a shot of the Kong knocked out by gas , lying in a rocky bay , while Jack Black and others look on in their miniscule rescue boat . I could go on and on about how disappointing this film was , but I am going to express my sincerest hope that Jackson redeems himself with his next -LRB- hopefully under 3 hour -RRB- project .
 For the amazing special effects , which is Peter Jackson 's forte , I give it an A + . For the long , silent , emotive looks from Naomi Watts , I give it a B - . But for the ridiculous last line of Jack Black -LRB- as well as his bad acting -RRB- , I give it an F. Average that together , and you get a solid C grade . The creepy giant insect scene make your skin crawl for days .
 Well , I guess this is what happens when you have three big wins -LRB- Lord of the Rings -RRB- in your corner . You are given a free pass from the studio to go wild . And Jackson did . There are so many side-stories and silly stories in the new Kong that you have to pinch yourself and remember there was a great original one way back in 1933 . And that movie had the good sense to know it was a B movie , and that 90 minutes is what you should clock in at . But I guess Jackson wo n't do anything less than 3 hours these days , no matter how over stuffed the end product becomes . Still , there are some wonderful scenes in this movie . Jackson is a master with CGI -LRB- which is why I 'm giving this 2 stars -RRB- , and the monkey is incredible , as are the bugs and other monsters . -LRB- But even that talent will have you wondering if some of the shots are outtakes from the Rings movies . The famous Skull Island wall looks like some sort of nuked rejection from Mordor . -RRB- Excepting Black , the cast is fine . But as in any movie , a cast is only as good as its script . And Jackson 's attempt to inject importance is laughable . Having characters discussing Conrad 's Heart of Darkness does not ratchet things up a bit . It just looks pretentious . And I actually felt bad for Watts -LRB- a fine actress -RRB- at the end , with her making lovey dove eyes at Kong as they skated across the ice . It was like Jackson went out for a smoke and Ron Howard stepped in to film that incredibly bad and syrupy scene . In fact , the whole relationship between the monkey and Watts was so overplayed -LRB- in the original Fay Wray never stopped screaming , she never chased after Kong , as Watts does , in any way -RRB- that it undercut the movie 's final line
 First and foremost , the original 1933 version of King Kong stillstands as the quintessential monster movie . The special effectsare still unsurpassed , realistic and wrenching . The cast is perfect , especially Fay Wray who by herself invented the movie scream . the fact that the original is seen in glorious black and white adds to the films moodiness and mystery . In short , it is an unequaled work of art that required no further rendition.Now to the recent remake . I titled this review No Progress because as soon as I saw the action on Skull Island I realized that the CGI looked cartoonish , unrealistic , phony and remarkedthat 73 years later , film making took a giant step backward.This remake , like many others is a classic example of subtraction by addition . The sad fact is that many young peoplewill only know this colorized version and not appreciate theextraordinary vision and achievement of the original.No , it was n't the airplanes . it was CGI killed the beast
 Returned the product as it did not work . Tried this video on 2 HD TVs , one small flat screen and a new computer , and it did not load and play .
 This is in a nut shell a long , loosely connected , hog-pog of random non-stop action and melodrama ; yet there is still much merit to it.If Peter Jackson proved anything with Lord of the Rings , he proved he could create perfect fantasy worlds . In this CG master-piece we get to see Dinosaurs in far better quality than Lord of the Rings and ruins in far greater beauty than Indiana Jones . Even the old world of New York city was captured with a supreme beauty.That said everything is down hill from there . The action is so wild and so over played and so ridiculous people were laughing in the theater just because it was so over done.Story Line , I think Peter Jackson 's work with Lord of the Rings should speak for itself . What story there was , was laughable , and so loosely connected it seemed as if it were just a board author rambling to himself.The movie was entertaining , but that 's about it .
 Peter Jackson did a fine job wrangling the long , winding opus of Lord of the Rings to the screen with a good , enthusistic cast , decent effects and a fair appreciation for the source while not being a total slave to it . His efforts were lavished with good box office , plenty of recognition , awards along with critical acclaim and a blank check from the studios on what he wanted to do next.Can ' t blame the guy for wanting to wallow in a little self-indulgence , but to take moviegoers still high on his LOTR experience along for the ride was ... well , a bit much.Jackson 's `` King Kong '' could be a really decent 2 hour popcorn flick trapped in 3 hours plus of pretension , ill-advised casting , lazy writing , half-baked effects , overwrought action sequences and an extremely uneven tone . Is it a adventure-drama ? Is it a matinee schlock-fest ? Is it `` Titanic '' with fur ? Who knows ... it is definately TOO LONG and too disjointed to tell . Jackson needs to remember what EDITING is and realize not every story has to take a `` week '' to tell . His theatrical , far-superior edits of the LOTR movies prove he can do this ... there were times while sitting through `` Kong '' I groped for the remote ... thinking I was at home watching the super-extended , scrapings-off-the-cutting-room-floor DVD version instead of the theatrical release ... jeez , one can only imagine how long that extended version 's gon na be ... and you know it 's coming ! Storylines that are start and end with no resolution and characters have motivations that suck the life out of what was a simple adventure with a terrifying protagonist . . instead of the kinder , gentler beast we get here . The oddest choice is having Denham -LRB- the completely awful Jack Black -RRB- utter the last classic line -LRB- as the character did in the original -RRB- after Jackson has spent 3 plus hours transforming this character into a remorseless , greedy SOB ... huh ? The only performer who comes off unscathed by the whole affair is Naomi Watts ... she gamely gives it her all and her scenes with Kong are what make this long affair watchable.I 'm still agog that so many mainstream critics jumped on the high-praise bandwagon for this dud ... Save your money folks ... this beastly turkey will be beat to death on basic cable soon enough -LRB- although with commercials it 'll take a week to air -RRB- and hope that Jackson has this out of his system enough to tackle something fresh and original with his talent .
 The movie director in the movie had two facial expressions ... and neither fit the movie . His acting is incredibly bad . Naomi 's acting is OK , and she can be pretty when the lighting is just right . But as an actress , she should be limited to small parts doing pub scenes . The way she wins the monkey 's heart is absolutely absurd . Do n't get this movie to see attractive people ; there are n't any in it . There are maybe two or three extras that are passable , but that 's it . The movie is way , way too long -LRB- about 3 hours -RRB- , and uses the cinematic style used in `` Lord of Ring . '' It does n't work here . There are lots of slow-mo shots , but not one of them works . They could 've shortened the movie by a half-hour by taking the slow-mo shots out . The movie is in sepia , which appropriately rhymes with insipid , which can be applied to about 90 % of this movie . The computer-animated creatures are computer-game quality . At least the ones I saw were bad . I kept fast forwarding the DVD to bypass the bad stuff , which was a waste of time because the whole movie is bad . Get a `` Jurasic Park '' movie or the Kong flick with Jeff Bridges .
 I was n't going to watch KING KONG but with all the great reviews from everyone I said what the hell I will go and watch this so called `` instant classic '' . Man was I disappointed . First of all the movie started out way to slow . They spent to much time on the boat just trying to get to Skull Island . I gave it 2 stars because once they did make it there the special effects were great . The movie had some good action scenes in it with Kong fighting the T-Rex and when he was in New York on top of the Empire State Building . But the movie just dragged on for an hour to long . There were a lot of scenes that could have been cut or shorten and the viewer would not have lost anything from the story line . Overall I did not walk out of the theater last night thinking man I just saw a classic . If you are wanting to watch a classic go pick up Lonesome Dove .
 i wasted 3 hrs watching this horrible movie this movie sucks
 I ca n't even find the words , nor do I have the time , to explain how much I hated this movie . Too bad there 's not a word stronger than hate I could use .
 Bang ! Gasp ! Crash ! Boom ! Kraak ! Keep filming ! Yelps ! Thud ! Thump ! Roar ! Run ! Boom ! Hubahuba ! The camera , the tripod ! Wham ! Growl ! Shreak ! Bang ! Gasp ! Crash ! Boom ! Keep filming ! Kraak ! Yelps ! Thud ! Thump ! Roar ! Run ! Boom ! Hubahuba ! The camera , the tripod ! Wham ! Growl ! Shreak ! and on , and on , and on , and on ... I survived the enormous sauropods avalanche and the Seven veils dance , I was barely able to stand the Jackie Chan number -LRB- KK against three large carnosaurs , one hand groping the Blonde -RRB- but when everybody -LRB- KK , the Girl with her kevlar underwear and the two T-Rexs -RRB- got entangled in giant vines tendrils and kept fighting in mid air over a 3000 ft precipice , I decided that Jane Austen was good enough for me . Dumped the DVD -LRB- along with `` Love actually '' for good measure -RRB- . Rather the prewar original version .
 Through all the hype for this movie , you constantly hear about Peter Jackson 's encyclopedic knowledge and love of the original 1933 classic film . That 's why it 's amazing to see how much he did n't learn from the original Kong . In 1933 , the producers and screenwriters worked very hard to eliminate anything from the script that proved superfluous or impeded the flow of the action . -LRB- That 's the primary reason why the legendary `` spider sequence '' was removed from the original King Kong . -RRB- The tight pace of the action is what makes the original Kong so great . This new film is loaded with unnecessary bloat -- and lots of overdone effects just to please the people who like that sort of thing . In short , this film is a big disappointment and I was expecting much better .
 This version of King Kong is basically a remake of the 1976 Jessica Lange disaster while mocking the 1933 film at the same time.The special effects are poor.Especially during the scene were the sailors are being chased by a herd of Brontosaurus.Jack Black is obviously mis-cast . The film on the whole is just way too long.Call the 1933 film CORNY if you like but it is still the best film of it 's kind.To make things worse , this DVD release is not true Widescreen.Looks like the film was cut at the top and bottom to give the appearance of widescreen .
 i do n't understand why this movie is getting such spectacular reviews . The movie has few good points and unfortunately three times as many bad points.The GOODThe CG King Kong & various creatures - most were very realistic , but not all of them but not all the time . Ocasionally there were times when they were not believable.The look of the film - Recreation of NY was spectacularThe BAD - Movie is 90 minutes to long . What took a minute in original movie takes 10 minutes here . The extra minutes did nothing to enhance story/plot lines or develope the characters.The acting - Uniformally terrible , especially Black . When the best performance in a film is by a special effect -LRB- Kong -RRB- you have serious problems.Story / Plot lines - How a group of people being chased in a 3 foot revine by a dozen dinosaurs and not getting trampled to death is not believable or Anne being shaken and stirred about 1000 times when Kong is running and holding her , well loic doe 's not rule here.This movie is a MAJOR DISAPOINTMENT . You would be better off buying the new 2 DVD release of the original . The second DVD of extras is worth it . The ironic thing is the inclusion of the recreation of The Pit Sceen by Jackson which is infinity better than this new version of KING KONG.Sorry to bring you down .
 Granted that the special effects are fantastic and you can believe that Kong is real , this film could definitely benefit by having at least one hour cut from the running time.Too much time is spent on the establishing story of the out of work actress in New York and also on the ship 's journey to Skull Island . Yes , it is wonderful to watch Naomi Watts - beautiful and talented . But Adrian Brody is one of the most unattractive males in leading roles today . The `` mud people '' of Skull Island are also particularly unattractive.The stampede of dinosaurs is extremely well done , but could easily have been more effective if the time was cut in half . Yes , the kids will love it , but it slows the story needlessly.There is also too much footage of Miss Watts entertaining Kong and his reactions to her antics . It becomes a case of `` let 's get on with the story '' . This film is an example of let 's do it because we can , rather than do it to tell a good story . It is a case of eating too much candy and ending up sick .
 I loved Lord of the Rings , but was really bored by this one . Do n't get me wrong -- they are two very different projects , but King Kong lacked the heart the trilogy had.When you tell a story in classic form , it 's important that your audience cares about your characters ... but most of the `` protagonists '' were unlikable -- the rest were unrealistic or shallow . The ape himself -- in appearance and performance -- was awesome , but the rest was just ... well , there . The biggest action scene was as mindless as most Jurassic Park sequences . Dinosaur vs. gorilla . Dinosaur and other dinosaur vs. gorilla . This time add obstacle , etc. , etc. . . If you explore this movie hypothetically , you get the real truth
 The special effects were just sooo fake . You could tell the people were placed into the film later with the CGI insects . It is like watching 2 different movies clumsily spliced together ... When Kong is carrying the girl around , sometimes she looks like a fake doll.Jack Black 's over-exaggerated facial expressions were annoying . I doubt I will ever be able to watch him again.The woman , Namoi Watts or whoever she is , does her best to imitate Nicole Kidman.There is no soul to this film . Just an excuse to do FX . I am astounded that people describe this as `` breath taking '' and `` brilliant `` I really do wonder about those folks.This movie was so bad I can not believe it .
 Clarification
 I despise `` reviews '' by people that enjoy their own writing , and go out of their way to write SPOILERS and High School Book Reports about movies , so I wo n't be doing that . I 'll just describe to you what I felt without giving too much away.I loved most of the Lord of the Rings trilogy , and this made me a Peter Jackson fan , though I 'd seen some of his previous work and did n't know it at the time . This movie was totally miscast , practically from top to bottom . Jack Black should be on his knees in front of his agent 24/7 for landing him this role , and though he 's a relatively talented comedic um ... actor -LRB- ? -RRB- -LRB- translation = routine , nothing special -RRB- I really felt that his inability to act his way out of his single facial expression killed this movie entirely . For those of you who have seen the film , or will see it , just imagine his only thought being `` Uh-oh , I think I just crapped in my pants '' whenever you lay eyes upon his face during the film . You 'll see what I mean . Naomi Watts was tedious to watch after a while , as the direction was just bad . I think that Jackson told her to just wing it , and kept filming , as some scenes between the `` Beauty and the Beast '' are obviously improvised , drag on literally forever , and some are purely moronic -LRB- see `` juggling scene '' on the mountain . -RRB- Oddly enough , there was barely any dialogue in the film once the characters hit Skull Island , so I found myself sitting through Jackson `` Signature '' endlessly , needlessly loooong scenes of panning , swooping , tilting , as well as a VERY odd addition of slow-motion scenes that were used as a gimmick in an attempt to breathe something `` supernatural '' and LORD OF THE RINGS-like into this horrible film . It was nice however , to see a big Gorilla portrayed as an actual GORILLA , which was very refreshing and fun to watch for the most part . Yeah , the special effects were nice , so kudos to his team , but even they could n't carry this bomb for me . -LRB- Oh , and the FX duplicating Ye Olde NYC looked so horribly fake that I was shocked . Those guys should stick with fantasy & monsters & talking trees . -RRB- Adrien Brody wasted his talent in this junk , as well as the Liam-Neeson-Lite actor that played the ship captain . See the film anyway , just to say you did . The ending was actually worth the wait though , to watch Jack Black ruin the famous tag-line .
 I am suprised to see so many positive reviews below ! Like the rest , I waited in great anticipation for this film and wanted to like it so badly that I overlooked the first , oh , one or two hundred flaws , boredom spells , bad scripting and bad acting . But enough is enough , people . Perhaps Jackson 's had one too many pats on the back for his near-perfect LOTR trilogy.Ok . So what went wrong?Like everyone else who dared to write a negative review , I must complain about the length . I think Jackson forgot that the reason his trilogy merited three hours a piece was because there was SOMETHING HAPPENING ! In this , we have way too many extended close-ups of characters no one bothered to develop and therefore for whom we care very little - if at all . The Island scene left me completely exhausted . Every time they conquered one monster , cliff or maniacal tribe member , lo and behold , the camera turns and OH NO ! yet another dreadful beast ! Luckily , the people on the ship had been drinking their milk , eating their spinach , popping their steroids or otherwise brushing up on their superhuman powers . Nimbly they race under the feet of a dinasour stampede -LRB- thank gosh all the main characters made it ! -RRB- , they fall twenty feet , landing on their backs only to get up and ward off hundreds of inflated insects . They can swim , jump , wrestle and rock climb with the best of them . And good thing that Watts is made of plado or puddy or some other indestructable material - otherwise , her neck would have snapped with the first -LRB- of about twenty million -RRB- violent yanks from The Kongster.And while we are speaking of Miss Watts ! I think Clinique or Avon funded a major portion of this movie , because at least 1/3 of it was devoted to Watts ' always-well-made-up eyes . Yes , they are pretty . Yes , they express good emotion . But by golly we can only watch those big blue eyes water so many times!Which leads me to the acting . Unlike the other negative reviews -LRB- many of which were quite good and full of many solid points -RRB- , I did n't think the acting was that bad . I felt like the direction made it very hard on the actors to do anything but what they did . Overact a little . Underdevelop their characters ALOT . Give meaningful stares that mean nothing . Etc. . Adrien is great - I 'm a fan of anything he does and he really did well for what he was given . Watts did alright , the sailors did alright . Colin Hanks was great to watch - I 'm sure he hates to hear it , but he 's a minature Tom . And Jack Black . Again , unlike the other negative reviewers , I thought he did a very good job switching to a slightly more serious role . He made me like him at the start , then slowly begin to disaprove of him , then subtley merge into a pretty solid hatred for his character . Nice job . However , the casts ' attempt to lift the film was swallowed up by scenes that dragged forever , nonexistant dialogue , ornate sets and computer graphics , computer graphics and more computer graphics.Disapointing as this hyped up movie was , we must remember that Jackson really is pretty new on the scene . Should he have known better ? Yes . Was he a little jacked up by his own image ? Sure , but we 're to blame because of our generous worshiping of his Ring . Are people still going to overlook this let down and make themselves love the movie for sake of a higher cause ? Absolutely.But what can I say ? Even though this movie does n't half live up to what it promised to be , it was a decent action flick with too much running time . The graphics were great . The actors truly tried . And perhaps Jackson got that out of his system and will go back to making movies that stand above the rest ... yeah right , whatever.So two stars .
 I thought it was gon na be a very much more interesting movie . The Plot It 's Ok in general , just Ok . Do n't get me wrong , there are many parts as intense as the movie really deserves it , but please dinosours ??? Giant insects ? Smart Insects ? Giant Bats ? Big Iguanas ? But the worst of all , is to see Naomi Watts dancing as a fool in order to get rid of KK . Not to say that watching KK lought at her did not made me lough at all.The effects are great , what ever ... but I can see why it has no Oscar in hands , just as Peter got for TLOTR.It has to much o many things that do not belong there.In general it 's just entertaining , but it does not do more than that . It was a just one time to see movie.I do not pretend to have reality , I undestand it 's fantasy , but come one ... PJ just went off the normal.The rest it 's just what made theother KK movies cruel ... But asa movie , it 's just better than the other because it 's newer , more modern ... that 's all.It 's your choise .
 This movie is completely empty and boring , but because Naomi Watts is in it so I bought the DVD . She 's so gorgeous . Too bad the 3 hours is a complete waste of time . Teh special effects -- which make up 95 % of the movie -- are laughable . You can almost see the wires and rendering frames . Complete trash -- save for Naomi .
 This film is utter nonsense ; there is no novelty with the special effect as there was back in 1933 - the 1933 movie is greatness personified ; the acting is poor and Jack Black made it feel like a stupid comedy instead of an adventure of even remotely epic pro portions.If you like long movie u can go and buy it ... if you like good movie you can buy the 1933 version.NOT RECOMMENDED
 This three hour movie feels more like two hours which is a good thing . I was asked to go to this movie and so i did . This movie can be divided into three segments and each consisting of about one hour . The first and most boring segment is pre Island scene where the film maker is looking for a woman to play in his film . This segment was too long and quite boring . The second segment is when they arrive on '' Skull '' Island and meet up with savages who look like they are either on drugs or suffer from seizures -LRB- you take your pick -RRB- . The third scene is when Donkey Kong is captured and brought to N.Y. Therein these three scenes there are some details that should be mentioned . King Kong really likes this lady and the lady kinda likes this ugly , hairy beast of an animal . She does n't have good taste I guess . The men are attacked by silly animals and spiders while enroute to saving this lady . Oh , the special effects were not that special at all . I think they bit off more than they could chew . To be honest it was really bad special effects and obviously computer generated . This movie better make more money if it is going to recoup the lost investments in lousy computer special effects . .
 I first saw King Kong back in the early 50 's when i was a kid . Then i saw the 1933 version again back in the 70 's at a revival on the big screen . That was impressive . But this new version with it 's special effects totally take away from the story line and is way over done . I 'll never understand what and why Hollywood has this obsession with special effects . I much rather see a film for it 's acting and who can beat the old way of special effects before computers . You call computers creative ? Anyone can do this type of thing but in the older films it took TALENT to make a film like `` King Kong '' something that Hollywood does n't believe in anymore . Save your money and get the newly restored 1933 version . Much much better .
 King Kong is about a 90 minute movie squeezed into over 3 hours . Talk about taking a relatively simple straightforward plot and extending it beyond all reasonable comprehension . That 's what you get with this . Everything about this movie is just overly drawn out . It takes forever just to get started . An overly long wait just to get the main characters to get to the ship . An overly long trip to Skull Island . An overly long time just to park the ship for crying out loud . There are times where Jack Black is just staring at things for an inordinate amount of time . In one scene , on the island , he 's staring at the film in the camera and pondering something . Even a simple scene like that takes too long . Get the idea ? You do n't even get to see King Kong until about 90 minutes into this monstrosity . Even basic events like the dinosaur stampede are just mind numbing and overplayed . I could have gotten up , gone to the bathroom , gone to the kitchen , picked up some snacks , gone back to the TV and the dinosaurs would have still been crashing into each other . It 's just ridiculous . I get that Jackson was trying to turn it into an epic , but it just does n't work . This is n't Lord of the Rings . King Kong does not have a following like that . Making a movie extra long does n't automatically make it good . Another problem with the movie is the main characters . Naomi Watts is fine , but she has zero chemistry with Adrian Brody . None . The love story falls flat on it 's face . How can it work anyway when Watt 's character obviously favors the giant ape ? Brody 's character becomes almost pointless . This movie was just so long and boring that I almost never finished it . I finally ended up watching the end almost 3 weeks later . I cared that little about it . The DVD quality is fine . You get extended scenes , in case the original was n't long enough for you . More scenes of the endless supply of ship crewmen getting massacred by dinosaurs . There must have been 200 + crewmen on that little ship . There are tons of extras on the DVD 's for those that want to spend a week processing King Kong .
 My basic analogy for what Peter Jackson 's ` King Kong ' is like is
 Sorry , but this was a big disappointment ... I had to split the viewing over too evenings to even get through it . The special effects are cool but the acting is over-done , the film is too long -LRB- said by someone who usually hesitates to buy a film that 's under two hours -RRB- and several overly long and sentimental scenes and the music just kills whatever suspense they manage to build up . I could n't wait for the anticipated fall of the ape so I could go to bed and read a good book instead .
 I just watched the extended version . It was great ! Sure some scenes were over dramatized and others were a tad too long to convey a simple story elements but the beauty of the film alone makes it a 4 star affair . But this review is not for the movie , its for the disc.When I bought the disc I read the back . It mentioned an art gallery . I thought , `` Great , some high definition artwork to enjoy ! '' . Instead viewers are slapped in the face with what appears to be abismally small thumbnails that pop up WHILE WATCHING THE MOVIE !! From what I could understand from the already terrible user interface was you had to play the movie to see the artwork in the corner of the screen . If there was another way to view them the disc fails because I could n't find the options and I 'm usually pretty savvy at finding the right button if its there.The user interface is pretty disgusting . It might look slick but it is full of issues . Sometimes its impossible to determine what you 've selected to watch , the Extended or Theatrical version , WHO KNOWS the menu does n't highlight it properly . The U-Control idea ?? Rubbish ! Just let me choose at the beginning . A making of feature would 've been nice.The lack of a proper art gallery really irks me cos its part of the reason why I bought the disc . I suppose they want us to buy the artwork book seperately . Very lame and cheap of them in my book . Shame the discs shortcomings dragged the otherwise fun romp-of-a-film experience down .
 Really disappointed . The movie would not play at all , I have know idea why , but it just would not work.I tried my Blue - ray player and even my ps3 .
 I agree with the reviewer who said
 Okay , the film is not absolutely terrible . The basic story is intact , and there 's lots of color and action . Great . But owning it on DVD , repeat viewings for me are going to be few and far between.First , there 's a lot of character development and backdrop that goes nowhere . The movie takes forever to get going , but you 're thinking there must be a reason for all this character introduction . Well , there is n't really . It goes nowhere and is completely superfluous . Beyond that , Anne 's affection for the ape is nonsensical . I think maybe its a veiled attempt to project some late 20th-century environmental/animal protection sensibilities into an era where they make no sense , or perhaps the writers did n't even realize they were doing it . The 1930s probably had much the same exploitive attitudes as the Victorian era . The movie also had a darker more foreboding atmosphere than the original , which eventually seemed pointless and gave way to the cartoony NY scenes at the end . Maybe it was also related to the weak and undeveloped morality-play aspect of the film . In the middle of all this , Jack Black sticks out like a sore thumb . I think he was meant to pull off the reassuring confidence of the original Denham character , since he 's certainly not a dramatic character , but he falls short and just seems comical where its inappropriate.And CG in general is really tired and is a big turnoff to me . I almost loathe it . In this particular movie some CG was okay , and a lot was borderline to just plain bad , which was surprising . I find older movies that predate CG to be more enjoyable to watch often times , not because the effects are more believable -LRB- although in a sense they are because you know you 're still seeing a real `` thing '' on screen -RRB- , but because they had to be more creative and work within limitations and were also more constrained to simpler `` within-the-realm-of-possibilities '' type scenes . Now instead you get some fat nerd on a workstation somewhere going berserk with the unlimited use of models and crashing and explosions and noise and digitally-created indistinct `` crap '' flying everywhere in some scenes . Gim me O'Brian , Harryhausen , and even Lucas ' 70s puppets any day . I hate watching a CG action scene where you ca n't keep track of what 's going on because its just tons of flip-flopping stuff flying and crashing everywhere action . To be asked to believe the absurd aerial acrobatics the characters are routinely flung through like rag dolls , escaping unscathed , begs incredulity . A more recent example is the disorienting urban fight scene in Transformers , an otherwise superior movie . Get real . Note to Hollywood
 Some would like to suggest that Peter Jackson is like the second coming of George Lucas , back in his hey-days . However , I feel that he has more in common with P.T. Barnum . I 've never felt more underwhelmed nor emotionally cheated as I did watching King Kong . I could n't wait to see it , and while I loathed the later two LOTR films , I had faith that Jackson could bring together a more concentrated effort here . But when I was sitting in the theater and it got to New York -LRB- by then I was already well disgruntled with the movie -RRB- and Anne walks in fashion model slow-mo with a bright , heavenly light behind her , up to a dazzled Kong ... I just had to look around and see if anyone else was buying this crap.The story itself , while fundementally the same as its 1930 's counterpart , mind bogglingly meanders with the utmost tedium through in-jokes , stale dialogue , and a myriad of disjointed scenes that never seem to amount to anything . It 's almost ironic that the 1930 's film , while exceptionally shorter , seems to , at once , cover more territory and allow for more character developement . It 's not that Jackson 's Kong does n't have plenty of character developement , its that it is so erroniously out of place that I never ended up caring for the supposed main characters.And sure , the special effects were fine and dandy , they were an eye sore of technical achievement . So much so that I could hardly see a damn thing sometimes , especially in the fights and in the wide shots . When Kong and the V. Rex are fighting , I could , at best , make out fur , scales , and noise . The camera was so close , that it was n't intense , it was nauseating . And I wo n't go off on how utterly silly Kong acts through out the film . He may be a giant monkey , but that does n't mean he has to act like a three year old . I was expecting a sympathetic character , a creature with a respectable sense of age and weight . Instead he 's pathetic , more like a pea brained child than a 30 ft. tall super mammal.This is the Hollywood formula at it 's finest . It 's got great production values , expensive effects , big name actors , a big name property , clean cinematography , and no soul . I see people all the time just getting dazzled and suckered in by Hollywood 's glossy veil that they ca n't see that there 's nothing behind it . This film is nothing but an excercise in excess and incompetence , and as such , that it has seen such momentus sucess suggests that Barnum was right about suckers . I would also hazard a guess that everyone one of them was born here , in the US .
 As a technical tour de force Peter Jackson 's re-make of the classic 1933 `` King Kong '' has some merit , but as a humdinger of a story with thrills and chills the original has the new film beaten by a mile . How ironic , in that director Jackson and his screen writers had the blueprint of the original script in the palm of their hands , yet they managed to emerge with a film that never took off
 I 've liked what PJ has done in the past -LRB- Dead Alive , Bad Taste , LOTR , etc. . . -RRB- , but this is the worst remake I 've ever subjected myself to . I knew how the story went from the original Kong , but come on ... PJ did n't have to drag on every minute of it to make it more then it already was . I really looked forward to seeing this film , but after seeing it I asked myself if it really happend and felt that I needed a hot shower to forget I ever saw it .
 Is nothing sacred anymore !!!! I understand that this was peter Jackson 's inspiration to become a director . Yet , he could n't leave it alone . He had a long and very successful period doing the LOTR Trilogies , and the extended versions . He had to get caught up in the spotlight , and remake nothing but a capitolist CG attempt of an extremely boring computer game on screen . It does n't matter that he stuck to the story , this is an example of how unoriginal Hollywood and mainstream movies in general have become . They 've ran out of ideas - so they make hybrid parodies . This was depressing , if you love King Kong stick to the original .
 The year was 1933 . A fantastic black-and-white movie called `` King Kong '' was released . It 's one of the great movies of all time.The year was 1976 . A fantastic color remake of `` King Kong '' was released . It was a huge box office success with a great score by John Barry . Do n't let anybody tell you it was n't a successful movie and did n't make any money . Quite the contrary . Research the facts . In my case , I did n't even need to research it because I remember how huge King Kong was in 1976 . I saw it in the theater . It was a box office smash.The year was 2005 . A remake was done of `` King Kong '' . I guess this is a remake of the 1933 movie ? But wait ... I guess it was a remake of the 1976 movie as well . Let me see here ... the 1976 movie just was n't a success apparently . Maybe the special effects were n't good enough ? Maybe they were n't good enough to satisfy the CGI and video game-loving young people of today ? Maybe that 's it . Not only that , but the 1933 film must be REALLY inferior in the special effects department , not to mention it 's in black and white . Ouch ! Fewer and fewer people like black and white movies nowadays . I guess the 1933 and 1976 movies did n't do the job . So ... We got another remake . LOADED with CGI effects to please the computer and video game generation . A CGI King Kong instead of a `` claymation '' -LRB- to use the term loosely -RRB- Kong from 1933 and a guy in an ape suit from 1976 . With the click of a mouse , we get Kong as he SHOULD look , apparently.Now about this movie ... Kong himself does n't look scary at all . The scariest Kong was in the 1976 movie , then the 1933 movie , in my opinion . Then we see a long , drawn out fight between Kong and THREE dinosaurs . This fight is so ridiculous , it left me with my jaw on the floor , staring at the TV in disbelief . That 's the key word - disbelief . This fight is not at all believable . It seems every few seconds there 's a close call where Kong rescues and protects Ann in the nick of time . Not only that , but he 's fighting the dinosaurs with Ann in his hand a lot of the time . Not only that , but the jumping around , the falls the characters take , etc. is so non-realistic . This whole fight sequence is just plain over the top and not believable at all.What is Ann made of , anyway ? Kong seems to fling her around like she 's a rubber band . A good example is when he flings her onto his right shoulder . She does n't get injured at all as a result of this ? This movie comes off as a video game most of the time.When Kong is on top of the Empire State Building , at one point he jumps up to try to grab one of the biplanes . I ca n't imagine that anybody or any thing would do that while on top of the tallest building in New York City and not be concerned about possibly losing their footing and falling . Another thing - after Kong falls from the top of the Empire State Building , Ann is just standing there like it 's nothing to have high winds blowing against her . I do n't know about you , but I would think that the average person would be very concerned about the high winds blowing at them thousands of feet above the ground and the person would likely be hanging on to something for dear life . Anyway ... This movie seems to follow the formula of the 1933 movie mostly . The 1976 movie , on the other hand , does n't copy the 1933 original totally . Instead , some changes were made - some big , some small . The '76 movie had a little campiness to it , but not too bad.This movie is a loooooonnnnng three hours + . A full hour could have been cut from it.All in all , I like the 1933 and 1976 movies . This 2005 movie was an unnecessary remake .
 What a disappointment . Mr. Jackson , more is not better . Here 's my list of what is wrong with this movie :1 . Everything before getting to Kong Island . Before this was over , I was almost asleep . I 'm a cheap-ass Scot . I 'm resentful of paying good money for a movie and then going to sleep during it ! That has n't happened to me since The Dark Crystal .2 . Naomi Watts NEVER shuts her mouth ! Is she a mouth breather ? Did Jackson direct her to always look pensive ? After an hour -LRB- when I woke up -RRB- , I was OCDing over this .3 . Adrien Brody 's nostrils are too big . What else can I say . Does n't look good when I 'm sitting in the theater looking up at a giant projection .4 . The chase scenes go on and on and on ... Seriously , dogs wo n't chase cars this far . I 'm not sure why , but there 's a reason for this .5 . Shooting bugs off some one with a machine gun !!?? I can believe a 50 ft. ape , living dinosaurs , surviving a nuke in a fridge , but this goes beyond the Pale .6 . Jack Black outruns a herd of dinosaurs . See # 4.7 . King Kong is not scary , he 's kind of cuddly . When you 've got 21st Century special effects and fail to make a threatening monster something ai n't right . For a director to have such an opportunity and then blow it is just plain sad . But Jackson had no one to blame but himself .
 I fired up the DVD and sat down in a comfy chair with some popcorn , and made it almost an hour before I had to get up and turn it off . I should have listened to the other negative reviewers - they were right!Although some have criticized the 1930 's New York scenes and the boat scenes as slow and too long , I actually enjoyed this part of the movie . Where it fell apart was when they reached the island . Once they arrive , believability is thrown out the window , and I spent the rest of time saying to myself , `` That 's not right '' , `` They would n't act that way '' , `` What happened to ... '' , and `` Why are they doing that ? '' . The captain alternately turns to port and starboard and starts and stops engines , while trying to maneuver through a rocky harbor . When about to hit the rocks , he orders the engines to stop . Huh ? Ships do n't stop on a dime , and at least in the Titanic movie they got that right -- if you want to stop a ship fast you have to throw it into reverse . Yet the wise decision would have been to simply stop and wait out the fog in deeper water.The interaction with the natives was equally non-believable . Peter Jackson should read the accounts of the first ships arriving on the South Sea islands . His natives were a cross between ORCs , Caribbean Voodoo , and zombies . What 's the point ? And why do they simply disappear once they are n't needed ? Why are they hostile if they 've never seen white men ? And why the special need to get the white woman for Kong?The wall looks more like Mordor than any real wall . Let 's see , the natives can build and maintain this wall but they play with LAVA around this WOODEN wall ? Where did that come from ? And what 's the point of tying up the girl and putting her onto this elaborate rigging just to get her over the wall ? Just open the door and push her through.Once the intrepid rescuers go through the door , they are armed with machine guns . These were the most feared weapons of their day . Yet instead of using them , the rescuers usually turn and run.The dino chase through the gorge was ridiculous . Let 's see , I 'll just start running down the Interstate Highway and see how long I can outrun 18 wheelers . But I wo n't simply step to the side of the road and watch them go by , I 'll try ducking between their legs ? And I loved it when the dinos stack up like police cars in a `` Blues Brothers '' movie.And how many gorges on on this island ? Especially ones with crumbling edges just as our heroes are near them ? Or perhaps they are full of vines that can support 6 tons of T-rex ? But then , maybe the T-rex was on a diet , since he was trying to eat the heroine while swinging through the vines like a high-wire act . Maybe he needed a snack before he resumes his fall ? How does he even know the she is food?And then Kong carries the iron heroine while running through the jungle in an ape-like fashion without crushing her ? And flips her around while battling three T-rexs at once ? I never understood why we needed dinos on Skull Island anyway . In fact , I would have brought the dinos back to New York instead of Kong.Then we get the bugs and slugs , which add absolutely nothing to the movie . It 's like Jackson paying homage to Spielberg 's gross-out attemtps in Temple of Doom . Why does he need it in a Kong movie ? If he wanted to distract me from any attempt at telling a real story , he succeeded!I really ca n't comment on what happens after Kong reaches New York , because I did n't make it that far . Jackson spends all this time trying to capture the flavor and feel of 1930 's New York , and does well at it . Then he throws it all away by going WAY overboard on the CGI island . The look and feel of the real movies from the 1930s was the mystery of the island , the fog , the unknown natives , the strange sounds and drums , and the encounter with the giant ape . It was n't IN-YOUR-FACE CGI.And it is this stunt-ride through CGI dangers that ultimately fails to let you absorb any sense of mystery , and leaves you unable to be pulled into the relationship between Kong and the heroine . So despite some potentially great movie moments , such as when she does here vaudeville act and makes Kong laugh , Jackson misses the boat.And after the success of LOTR , you have to wonder if anyone close to Jackson has enough nerve to say to him - `` But Peter , it really does n't work if you do it that way '' . I 'm not optimistic he can do another good movie if he 's surrounded by YES Men and Women.Like many disappointing high budget visual wonders , what finally kills KONG is not the airplanes , but the failure to tell a story .
 I felt that King Kong did not live up to Peter Jackson 's previous works , Creatures , Frighteners , LOTR , and was at times filled with too long of V Rex fight scenes as well as death and looking scenes . The pacing was slow after the first hour and it became less interesting until the end of the film . Although the energy of the first hour was building it up , it failed to deliver what was promised from the strength of the opening of the film . It would be a good film to sit at home with on a rainy day when you have a lot of free time that you do n't know what to do with , but it is very different than what he has done before .
 Look closely before purchasing . There are NO deleted scenes on this 2-Disc Widescreen set . Just another load of decent , but redundant documentaries . And on Disc One , the movie has car commercials and previews right up alongside the film in the menu . Very shoddy and shameless . For this amount of money , there should be no ads . And in this day and age , putting out an `` Exclusive 2-Disc Special Edition '' with no deleted scenes is highway robbery and flim flam . I 'm assuming that PJ will be back to the well for some hideous Extended Edition months from now . But until then , he now outdoes only George Lucas for holding us hostage for deleted scenes .
 Going into this movie i had a pretty open mind , then the first hour pasted , then the next half hour , by this time my patience was wearing thin . I was expecting some good special effects hense me being a LOTR 's fan , well thats what i got but in way to big of a dose . The action sequences in this film are just WAY to drawn out , dinosaurs falling like a pile of linebackers all over one another , people being jerked around , falling , swinging all over the place . Even the fight scenes of Kong vs. the T-rex got realllly old after the first 2 minutes . Computer special effects are really something amazing these days , but a lot of time i 'd rather see things done the old fashion way , or just see the idea of less is more . Perhaps that 's why i usually do n't rent large computerized action movies like , The Matrix , Spiderman , Batman Begins , Fantastic Four , this etc. . Maybe age is catching up with me but at this point i prefer pyschological horror , or just a good mystery -LRB- drama -RRB- , the movies now are just to over the top with CGI , and long drawn out 15 minute + action sequences . The story in this movie is probably the reason i never really watched the orginal KK movies , just didnt interest me , still doesnt . Also i 've never really been a fan of the 30 's era , even if it is action packed . I will say yes that Peter Jackson has once again made something pretty epic , its just a bit TO epic for my tastes . Personally i 'd rather watch Raiders Of The Lost Ark over again . ha Or even the fist Lord of The Rings .
 Some thoughts : - It is possible for a movie to have too many dinosaurs . Who would have thought ? - Jackson 's command of spectacle is immature . He got away with it in the first two LORD OF THE RINGS films because Tolkien 's story and characters were so powerful . But cracks of obvious indulgence appeared in RETURN OF THE KING , and they open into a yawning chasm in KONG . -LRB- Literally , yawning . -RRB- Spielberg fell into the same trap with 1941 . - Digital special effects have lost their magic . This is n't entirely Jackson 's fault , but KONG makes it painfully obvious . Anything that can be imagined can be now shown . The question is , who has the talent to imagine something fresh and new ?
 Everyone stop kidding yourselves . This movie pretty much sucked . I wo n't get into the plot because it 's all been covered by other reviewers , but come on , how can you seriously enjoy this film ? It starts slow , it takes an hour to pick up at all , there 's about an hour to an hour and a half of good action , and then it 's slow again till the end.This is one of the longest movies I 've ever seen , and I have to say , that 's one of the biggest reasons it was no good . Now do n't get the impression that I hate all long movies . Gettysburg , The Lord of the Rings , The Longest Day , I usually love long movies . But those are long movies that keep the viewer interested . King Kong fails to do that.King Kong does n't have a bad plot , or bad acting . In fact , I thought a few of actors who played smaller parts did exceptionally well -LRB- the cook , the Chinese cook 's assistant , the ship 's captain -RRB- . There are also some pretty good action scenes definitely worth watching . The problem with this movie is it just is n't interesting . Who wants to see King Kong holding onto the girl for half the movie ? Apparently all the idiots who gave this film higher than a 3 star rating . And that is literally how long we see scenes of King Kong and the girl together . At least an hour and a half of those two alone in various places . With no dialogue . And a bunch of failed attempts at humor.What IS worth seeing in this movie is the hour to an hour and half where the ship 's crew ventures after the girl , who has been taken captive by King Kong . They get caught in a stampede of dinosaurs , have to battle giant bugs , and even Kong himself . The best scene in the whole film is where King Kong takes on three T-Rexes and ends up pulling one of the beast 's jaws apart , biting out its tongue , then pushing its upper jaw into its skull . Great scene . But even some of the action is dumb . For example , when the Jungle-venture team reaches a cave entrance , their leader walks up to the mouth of it . He thinks something is in there , so he fires his Thompson submachinegun into the cave until it 's empty , to try and draw the beast out . Turns out to be Kong , and what is Mr. Idiot left with ? His pistol . Nice choice , how about drawing Kong out with your pistol and then defending yourself with your machine gun . There are a few more incidents of that nature that helped ruin this movie for me , but I wo n't go into them.Bottom Line
 News Flash ! Not everyone who goes and sees a remake of a movie has seen the original . First of all , I 'm in totally agony , I have appendicitis . I have a dull pain near my navel area and it becomes sharp as I touch my lower right abdomen . I have a loss of appetite -LRB- yes , I could n't even have buttered popcorn because of my appendicitis -RRB- and I 'm cramping like crazy . But what better , than to try and get my mind off it by watching a great movie . So I get there 45 minutes early so I can get a great seat . Then these middle aged couple strolls in and sits right behind me . At first they were commenting about how his mother is getting so old and what old folks home they should put the guy 's mother in but no , they could n't continue talking about that . No , they had to then talk about the whole plot of the film . `` Hey Barbara -LRB- girlfriend -RRB- , I ca n't wait to see the part where King Kong falls off the Empire State Building and dies . '' I just sat there , dumbfounded . The guy just ruined the whole movie for me . I 'm thinking , the film 's completely lost its luster for me . If it was n't for the intense stabbing pains from my appendicitis I would have left right then and there .
 I am a big fan of the original King Kong , and maybe that 's the problem . The new version of King Kong follows the original very closely -LRB- maybe too closely -RRB- . Other than the special effects , there was nothing really very original to be found in the remake.I saw the remake in the theatre , and all I could think of by the time he climbed the empire state building was , can you hurry up and kill the ape so I can go home . Sorry , it was a real bore , and a big let down , not unlike the remake of the fog .
 Let me ask one question . How could Peter Jackson go from making three of the greatest films of all time to making this Hollywood stink trash ? The only film this year that I have seen that is worse than this is Serenity . And Peter , just for the record , all your movies do not have to be three hours in length anymore . You could have told this story in ninty minutes.The plot takes over one hour to get to the island . This dribble of cheesy dialouge and bad acting by all three of the leads is just sad . When we finally get to the island it takes another twenty minutes to see Kong.Then the movie was supposed to get exciting . But Peter Jackson 's sights dominate the film . He does scence between Naomi Watts and Kong that go on for minutes that only should be brief seconds . And even the films numerous action sequences just dragged on longer than needed.And Peter Jackson tried to overkill us with the visual effects . And as he overkilled us with these , he must have overbudgeted , because none of the film 's visual and special effects are convincing.Finally , we see Kong on Ice . Literally ! Top it all of with Jack Black 's absurtly idiotic closing line , the film ends on a sour note.I once heard someone mutter at the trailer of this film , `` We had to wait for the Hobbit for this ?! '' Yes , Lord of the Rings fans , we do . Do what I would do . Pay the seven to ten dollars on the much superior Chronicles of Narnia .
 What were you thinking Peter Jackson ? Well , Peter Jackson had the chance of a life time and he blew it ! I think . Anyway , I walk into the theater so exited right . I had heard about this film a few years ago and was so exited to watch it , beacuse I am the biggest Kong fan . Well , the first disapiontment , was when Jack Black said the Lords name in vien . Come on Jackson , whats the need ? Anyway , when I decided to walk out of the theater is when the natives appeared . Jackson made them look satanic , and not at all like human beings . So I think Jackson is a total loser for ruining a great film . It has lost every ounce of innosence . It is a true disapiontment . Maybe the whole film was done well enough to get a lot more than one star , but I think it Sucked.Review by Michael Peters . Please let me know if this review is helpful to you , so I can improve my writing in the future . Thanks for reading .
 This is another garbage movie from Hollywood . Terribly boring , violent and way too long . The only thing that saves this film from deserving the worst rating possible are the excellent special effects . This movie belongs among the C.R.A.P. productions along with `` the day after tommorrow '' , the sequel to `` pirates of the caribbean '' , the latest `` batman '' , `` charlie 's angels '' and many others .
 I realize Edgar Rice Burroughs ' dopey King Kong story was written for children & a young teen audience . I know it 's supposed to be trite and two-dimensional ! What I did n't expect was the blatant racism , the non-stop killing & gore , the pathological narcissism by one of the main characters , and the 1950 's style monster movie drudgery , at the hands of an alleged genius , Mr. Jackson of Lord Of The Rings fame ! I literally trusted that he would not pander to American society 's lowest common denominator in order to make a buck.What a disappointment ! I 'd love to have been a fly on the wall when they did focus groups before making this movie . They must have impaneled a bunch of immature teenagers without any regard to either young children or grown-ups , which is a real shame!I was also a bit shocked by the disgusting racism shown towards a very dark skinned tribal community . It 's now 2005 , why were indigenous people portrayed as dangerous maniacs , and downright evil ? This is a rather ugly stereotype the Western world has been carrying around for many centuries . To this very day , indigenous people are being run-off their land , or killed , because they stand in the way of the almighty dollar ! Some situations are so extreme that organizations like Survival International from the United Kingdom , and Cultural Survival , out of Boston area , solely exist so this kind of mindless brutality will finally come to an end.This is a teachable moment . I hope Mr. Jackson makes amends for profiting off of a very White author 's terribly misguided , and hateful , fantasies . Perhaps it 's time to get Howard Zinn on the phone!The violence and gore caught me by surprise to the point it got rather tedious , and annoying ! Besides being preposterous , for example , I do n't care how strong a vine is , it 's simply not going to hold onto a squirming , multiple ton dinosaur ! There was also a very disturbing message - that nature in its pristine wild state is , by design , an extremely dangerous place . Which , of course , needs to civilized by mostly White men!The attack of the giant cave bugs obviously reflects our childhood fears of the dark . But back in the real world most cave systems are occupied by some of the most unusually fragile endangered species on earth ! Besides being fragile , they are blind , and totally harmless ! How ironic ! If this movie deters a single vandal from damaging an underground cave system , then hooray . But what most children , and plenty of older folks now will think is that caves are creepy , bad places instead of biological treasure troves worthy of badly needed government protection!I could go on forever about why this film stinks . To sum it all up
 Now that most of the hype has died down , it 's time to look at Peter Jackson 's ... sorry , make that PETER JACKSON 'S ... mega remake of `` King Kong '' with a cooly critical eye . Yes , the ape is terrific . In fact , Kong delivers the best performance in the film . But the incredibly bloated , tumultuous three-hour ordeal wrapped around him is an endurance test . Augmenting the grievously self-indulgent overlength is the problem that it is virtually impossible to get involved in the action or the characters since every art-directed frame of `` King Kong '' screams of artifice , dramatically , technically and stylistically . As a demo reel for the New Zealand-based special effects shop , it 's pretty spectacular . But as a film , it 's a demo reel for a special effects shop . Despite Jackson 's off-stated love for the 1933 original , his monkey show has much more in common with the disastrous 1976 remake starring Jessica Lange . In fact , the Lange version might even be better in some regards . For instance , Lange 's asking the big ape what his astrological sign is in the '76 version plumbs the depths of stupidity far more concisely than the interminable vaudeville dance/juggling/acrobatic number Watts does to try and impress this Kong . Both are equally ludicrous and make the brave heroine look like an idiot , but the Lange version drops its bricks and moves on , while the Jackson version pounds them into the ground with a slow motion sledge hammer . Adrian Brody somehow manages to maintain his dignity while everyone around him is slipping on giant banana peels , particularly Jack Black , whose casting as the maniacal producer Denham is as puzzling as it is unsucessful -LRB- apparently Pauly Shore was n't available -RRB- . Like Watts , however , Black should receive some credit for managing to stretch one unchanging expression out over the course of a three hour movie -LRB- though to be fair , it 's hard for an actor to convincingly react to what is going on around them when all of that will be added in later digitally -RRB- . Two stars for the ape animation , but the rest of film should run on a double feature with `` Bela Lugosi Meets A Brooklyn Gorilla . ''
 2 stars .1 Star cause it worked1 Star cause I liked the movie before I bought this-3 Stars because it is SOOO sharp and picture is so clear . You can always tell Kong is CGI when in a scene with a live actor . I just would n't recommend anyone buy the HD or Blueray version of this . However the Dino vs Kong Scene is freaking awesome .
 Oh , how excited I was to hear Peter Jackson was remaking King Kong . Oh the joy in my heart when I saw that first preview as Kong contronts a T-rex to save his lady love . Oh , how my heart sank when I heard it was over 3 hours.This is my main complaint with this film . It 's just too damn long . Oh , sure , it 's often in the name of character development , but I 'm not here for character development . I 'm here for giant monkey mayhem ! And dinosaurs!But in this film , much of the monster action seems almost thrown in as a concession , as if Jackson would much rather get back to people talking or looking dramatically at things instead of dinosaur stampedes and t-rex fights . Much of the dialoge is painfully heavyhanded , and while the characters are well-defined , they are also re-defined and re-re-defined needlessly.The action in this Kong failed to hold my attention . That 's beyond comprehension . Ask anyone who knows me and they 'll tell you I can sit and watch giant monsters films all day . The only sequence that was exceptional in my mind was Kong 's fight with three T-rexes . That was amazing . The dino stampede
 Well this is an entertaining movie . Just finished watching it , it took me a couple of evenings to get through it , I have a job hehe . Without question , all the special effects are up with Peter Jackson 's other films . I just wish a lot more thought had gone into the original story , and also would n't it be nice to see some genuinely great characters and true epics from mr Jackson . All of his films are full of childish wannabes and fantasy heroes who just do n't cut it for me.This story 's well-known to most people , but does anyone else get annoyed by the complete lack of appreciation for nature ? Seriously , to a giant gorilla , a blonde bombshell will be not much more than a stinky little cockroach . And I emphasize stinky . You know the way most other animals smell unpleasant to humans . -LRB- Unless roasted hehe . -RRB- I mean it 's one thing to get an extraterrestrial pet for Christmas , you may get emotionally attached to it , but I struggle to believe you would fall in love with its `` beauty '' , which would have zero effect on you , because that 's how nature works . And otherwise male gorillas in the wild are not exactly renowned for motherly instincts , are they?And another thing , this poor King Kong fellow must have been desperately bored to even pay attention to a hairless little creature . I mean what the hell happened to all the other gorillas ? Hello ??? It 's called a species ? You know , mum and dad , siblings , a harem of females etc.Ehhh disappointing story to say the least , but it sure has all the fancy jewellery ... 5 out of 10 .
 I never received this movie , which is normally one of my favorite Christmas movies . Amazon was notified but still charged me for nothing . I will never buy another movie from them .
 I love both these movies and wanted to own them , and this set was priced cheap enough . But the `` It 's a Wonderful Life '' disc was faulty and would only play about a third of the way through before freezing . After trying it on another dvd player and finally a brand new one , it still would n't play right , so I decided to send the set back and get a refund . I did not even try `` White Christmas '' as I had to return them as a set anyway . My money was refunded quickly , so no problem there . I can not say that an exchange would have done the same , but I did n't want to have to bother with another return if it did . My guess is they are cheaply made . I will purchase movies separately in future at my local store .
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen . I 've read several reviews stating this is a hallmark of Christmas movies and was shocked at how ridiculous and contrived it was . I asked my family to watch it on Christmas Eve and at 3/4 of the way through , proceeded to apologize to all of them for ruining their holiday.On another note , my service from Amazon was excellent - as always . Love you guys !
 I bought this set because I wanted It 's a Wonderful Life in Color on DVD and the product review stated it was in color . Only White Christmas is in color , which I did n't even want ! Because I waited too long , I could not return it , I guess that was mybad :-LRB- Oh well-still watching the VHS colorized version in PA !
 What a disappointment ! This DVD must be a real low for Paramount Home Video ! Not only is the image far too dark , but the colors are so horribly weak and cold . I took out the latest Laser Disc version from my shelf and immediately saw much warmer and richer hues all through the film ! And a lighter image with better contrasts ! Of course , the DVD looks quite a lot sharper with less chroma noise on all those red Santa outfits , and I love the added participation of Ms. Clooney . But the only thing that looks great colorwise on the DVD , is the green ivy on the credits . Come on Paramount - almost ten years have passed since the release of the Laser . This 1991 Disc was far from perfect , so what 's the point of making the DVD appear decidedly worse ? Is this technical progress ? Paramount should recall the DVD quickly and check out the original negative in their vaults , or at least create a new transfer from the same source as the Laser Disc . My DVD goes back to the shop tomorrow !
 The movies were great and what I wanted , with one exception ... In the description it states that they are in color , where in fact `` White Christmas '' is in color but `` It 's A Wonderful Life '' is not . That is the only gripe that I have about this duo-set . I have been trying for several months to get a copy of the colorized version of `` It 's A Wonderful Life '' . I saw this advertized as color and ordered it . I received it and watched the movie , only to find out that it is not in color , but in fact black & white . I am very disappointed of this fact .
 Unfortunately the DVD I purchased is worse than my aging VHS copy of this wonderful film . The color on this copy is out of alignment , resulting in a double film image -LRB- a separation between color and black-and-white -RRB- . Bing 's `` baby blues '' are lower than were they 're supposed to be and hairlines -LRB- especially in the beginning when the men are in uniform -RRB- have a large color gap where you can see black and white -LRB- almost as if this were a colorized black and white film -RRB- . I also had some trouble with the audio sync . I may have a bad copy , given all the good reviews but clearly this DVD is unwatchable ! Big disappointment . I am returning it for a refund .
 Since my VHS copy is really old , I got this DVD as a free rental from Blockbuster to see if it is worth buying . A friend of mine has never seen it and I 'm almost embarrassed to watch it with her . The video is muddy . the colors are dull . Why in the world would Paramount reissue this wonderful film with all its gloriously colorfull scenes and not restore it?I 'll wait until paramount does right by it before I buy it .
 Could n't watch the whole thing - kept stopping , poor sound , bad picture . I love this movie so hopefully Amazon will do something to fix this problem .
 AS THE REVIEWER BEFORE ME STATED , I HAD BECOME SO USE TO THE FACT THAT PARAMOUNT DID GREAT REISSUE TRANSFERS -LSB- FUNNY FACE , ITS A WONDERFUL LIFE - 60TH ANNIVERSARY EDITION , TO CATCH A THIEF ... -RSB- THAT I SOLD MY FIRST WHITE CHRISTMAS EDITION , ASSUMING FOR A NEW DVD EDITION 7 YEARS LATER , NOT TO MENTION $ 5.00 TO $ 8.00 MORE IN COST , THIS WAS GOING TO BE THE SAME STORY ... WHAT A LET DOWN ... IT WOULD APPEAR TO BE THE SAME TRANSFER AS BEFORE ... WHY REISSUE THIS AT CHRISTMAS TIME IF ITS GOING TO BE THE SAME TRANSFER AS BEFORE ? ... BUT HEY , I HAVE A NEW CARDBOARD SLIPCOVER ... JUST NEXT TIME I WONT TAKE IT FOR GRANTED THAT ITS AN IMPROVMENT TILL AFTER THE REVIEWS ...
 A person either likes this sort of thing or does n't
 Disappointed with the Blu-ray `` quality '' of this movie . I 've previously viewed VHS colorized versions of White Christmas that were near-equal to this Blu-ray version . Grainy and with little discernible HD effect . Pity .
 White Christmas is one of my favorite Christmas movies . This DVD was a disappointment - the coloring was dark , it dragged and skipped . My VCR copy is a better quality and it is 10 years old .
 I love old movies , but am not a big fan of musicals . However , this was n't even a very good musical in my opinion . Danny Kaye is brilliant in anything he does , and Rosemary Clooney was charming as always , but it seemed like the entire second half of the movie was dedicated to Vera Ellen 's unremarkable dancing skills . The songs were kind of boring , and the dancing sequences in the second half are only mildly less interesting than a drum solo . The story itself could have been interesting , but they chose to spend more time on the dancing and singing than the actual story , so it felt like a lot was missing in the overall feel of the movie . I have not yet seen `` Holiday Inn , '' this movie 's precursor -LRB- and from what I understand , pretty much the same movie -RRB- , but I think I would still recommend that one over this , which seems more like a A-list sketch comedy than an actual movie .
 The sound was screwed up ! It would be really loud at some times and really quite the next second !! Do n't buy this !!!! It ruined a great movie for me . Poor quality amazon . And I bought it NEW ! Whatever .
 I ordered three dvd 's one was the pair including `` Its a Wonderful Life '' and `` White Christmas '' White Christmas is fine but Its a wonderful life is ` NOT READABLE ' - would you like it returned & how do I go about this?If it helps you track my order I also ordered ' `` A Christmas Carole '' with Patrick Stewart which is fine.Please advise how I can exchange the blank dvd for a good copy of ` Its a wonderful Life ' . thank you , Nancy
 White Christmas was a waste of money . Reason , does not play in this county . It just says will not play in this country
 I 'd really like someone over at Paramount to email me and explain why all of their Vistavision `` high motion picture fidelity '' DVD transfers look as though they have been fed through a meat grinder . `` White Christmas '' is the annual holiday right-of-passage that follows the exploits of two G.I 's , turned Broadway showman . Together , they bring their latest hit to a quaint inn in Vermont and save it from going out of business . The film stars Danny Kaye , Bing Crosby , Vera Ellen and Rosemary Clooney and is riddled with the kind of Christmas magic that one does n't seem to get from later film fare based around holiday themes . No ! This is not the first time the world heard the title tune . That honor belongs to `` Holiday Inn '' a 1942 musical with Fred Astaire and Bing Crosby also from Paramount but available on DVD through Universal studios.Paramount has done a down right injustice to this movie on DVD . Colors are not well balanced , shifting in range and consistancy from scene to scene . Just watch the ` Sisters ' number to see how Clooney 's and Ellen 's dresses shimmer from sky blue to aqua-marine . Some colors , like the red santa uniforms used for the final production number , are orangy red and bleach out the rest of the scene in a mess of undistinguishable browns , beiges and really , really soft greens . Also , a disturbing amount of pixelization and edge enhancement really give the film a hard edged look . The soundtrack has been remixed to 5.1 but is strident , scratchy and poorly balanced . There 's a featurette which basically amounts to Rosemary Clooney -LRB- the only surviving cast member at that time -RRB- spouting off about how great everybody was and what a joy it was to be in the film . Yeah , whatever ! A theatrical trailer comes with it . Big whoop ! What we need is a complete , frame by frame restoration to make this film come alive on DVD . Sadly we get more Paramount cost cutting with a retail price that , no kidding , does n't reflect the quality of the transfer within .
 It 's a nice boxed set and the movies are crisp and clear , but White Christmas is in the `` widescreen '' format which is not listed on any of the product descriptions here ... I guess that 's why Amazon does n't show the back of the box . It 's disappointing to have to watch it with the black stripes on the top and bottom of the tv screen . I feel like I was duped with this purchase and it should have been disclosed here somewhere ... I would n't have purchased it if I 'd known .
 Having seen HOLIDAY INN at least a dozen times , I realized that I ` dnever seen its reworked version , WHITE Christmas until it showed up onTCM the other day . Aside from some great musical numbers -LRB- esp . thedance sequences -RRB- this was an overlong snore . The plot was so convolutedfor such little payoff -- all that secrecy/misunderstanding for theGeneral 's surprise party . And nothing says `` Christmas cheer and warmth `` better than a stage recreation of a bombed-out European landscape ! Bycontrast , HOLIDAY INN , had a nicely paced inherent structure in itstelling of an inn open only on holidays and some truly memorable tunesand musical numbers . That film 's atmosphere and warmth seemed genuineand not wrapped up in the false sentimentality and schmaltz of theremake . The only reason to buy a DVD of WHITE Christmas would be tohave the ability to skip to the dance scenes .
 This is a subtle pro-war film that has nothing to do with Christmas . I ca n't believe Irving Berlin himself liked it . There are only a few things that make it worth watching . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Grady Sutton , who does n't get nearly enough lines or screen time ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the quartet singing `` Snow '' in the dining car of the train ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the outfit Rosemary Clooney is wearing when she gets on the train as she `` runs '' away from Bing Crosby ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- Bing Crosby 's apparent self-consciousness as he is undressing in front of Danny Kaye while being talked into following the girls -LRB- watch for it -- he hurriedly pulls his shirt down so the camera wo n't reveal the fact that he 's wearing briefs !!! -RRB- . Aside from all that , a real depressing movie .
 I really have no idea how people consider this a `` holiday classic '' . The photo on the cover is the best part of the movie . Really.Hard to follow storyline , I forgot it was a Christmas movie at all . It is mostly about glorifying the Army and war . I heard it was based on `` Holiday Inn '' , a MUCH better movie and musical . I would n't waste my time on White Christmas.Idk if it was originally in BnW-the version I watched was `` update '' in color -- but still was awfully dark and kinda depressing . There was no chemistry between the males and females , as there was in Holiday Inn , and most of the singing and dancing was solos done by one woman -LRB- and was n't entertaining in the slightest -RRB- , while Crosby and partner barely got screen time ! What a waste!I ca n't help but wonder if there are fake reviews on this movie just to keep the rating high . . for some reason .
 This movie is hardly a movie , just a lot of singing and dancing with no actual storyline .
 I bought a copy of White Christmas on DVD several years ago and the whole family loves this movie . Imagine my disappointment when the anniversary edition came out and it is on ... . DVD . Huh ? Why not on Blu-Ray ? I would have bought the Blu-Ray in an instant but I am not paying money for another copy on DVD .
 I 'm sorry but this movie was corny and lame . The music was good , but the story was pathetic . Not only that , two of the songs I really liked , `` The Best Things Happen While You 're Dancing '' and `` We 'll Follow the Old Man '' are n't even given a mention ! This movie does n't even seem Christmassy !
 Do n't waste your time with this movie . I could care less if people consider this a feel good classic peice of cinema , because it really is n't worth the celluloid it was printed on!All this movie is , is a fluff peice . They sing , they dance , they feel happy and then they go back to singing again ... round and round we go ... and where are we going ? where is this movie taking us ? NOWHERE ! Correct me if I 'm wrong-which I 'm not-but is n't a story supposed to have conflict !? Is n't that one of the BASIC components to a good story ? - Or ANY story , really ? Why Yes ! I believe it is ! Does this movie have conflict ? No , I believe it does n't ! ... well , okay ... ONE IOTA of conflict is all it has , and the conflict lasted only 10 minutes or so . That is it ! No other conflict in this whole feature length film . I swear , I think this film was only meant to showcase the singing and dancing talents of Bing Crosby and company . There is even a number in here that has NOTHING to do Christmas-and there is very little of anything to do with Christmas in this movie now that I think about it.If you want to ONLY smile and feel happy as you watch happy people sing and dance then get this movie . Otherwise , do n't bother yourself . The singing and dancing talent is very good , I will give it that ... but trust me , that 's ALL this movie has .
 Recently , Paramount has offered us wonderful new DVD-issues of classics like To Catch a Thief and Funny Face , both shot in Vista-Vision , and now looking better than ever on home video thanks to Paramount using original camera materials for the transfers . Naturally , I expected that the same loving treatment would be given an old favorite like White Christmas , which was the first feature film shot in Paramount 's superb wide-screen process called Vista-Vision . Not so ! This new `` remaster '' is just as dreary-looking as the older DVD . Grainy and soft with an unstable look and dull colors except in some brightly lit `` performance '' scenes . Also lots of dirt marks and scattered speckles , plus an ugly splice or two . And NO new extras ! Where is the expected featurette about the Vista-Vision system - newly made or at least some old promotional reel taken from a shelf in the archives ? A huge disappointment ! And by the way , where are all the many beloved Paramount classics from the fifties and sixties that have not yet been released on DVD ? Not a single title in sight for the coming months . Sad .
 What a dreadful , horrid Christmas movie . It 's slow , the characters sing `` Sisters '' until you want to slap them like red-headed stepchildren.The ONLY reason this movie gets one star is because the dresses that Rosemary Clooney and Vera Ellen wear at the end of the movie are gorgeous!Skip this one . If you want a good Christmas film , purchase Laurel and Hardy 's MARCH OF THE WOODEN SOLDIERS -LRB- a.k.a. BABES IN TOYLAND -RRB- or Pee Wee Herman 's Christmas special !
 These type of movies had little to do with Christmas other than making a quick buck.Not many people knew at the time that Bing Crosby was a child abuser . Three of his children would eventually commit suicide .
 What an over rated film . Maybe it was overhyped to me . Anyway ... I 'll stick with Charlie Brown Christmas as my all time favorite .
 It is much better to buy `` Holiday Inn '' in Color . `` White Christmas '' with Rosemary Clooney has no plot and poor singing of almost the same songs as `` white Christmas '' Also beware of being sent triplicates and duplicates of CDs and DVDs
 This experience was TOTALLY UNSATISFACTORY !!! I received a notice that the product had been shipped ; it included a very long number to trace the shipment . It was promised for February 6th , but did not arrive . On February 16th you wrote me that the shipment was never made . Now which is it ? Did you have it , and misplace it in the process , or did you lie when you said it was already send out ? I have had otherwise good results in my purchases from amazon , but this is a real mess-up . I wrote to ask how to reorder , and this is the only response since then . Is there anything you can do to change this problem . ? Do you reprint reviews of your service ?
 When you see Bing Crosby sleep-walking his way through this appalling flick , you can almost sympathize with the younger generations who idolize such non-talents as Madonna and illiterate rap `` stars . '' How did the guy ever get to be rich and famous ? And the rest of the movie is awful in almost every way . The script should receive special bashing -- really the dullest dialog I 've ever heard . It tries so hard to be funny and clever and never even comes close . And it goes on and on and on ... I thought the first long scene of `` banter '' between Crosby and Danny Kaye in the dressing room would never end . The songs and dances are n't bad -- Danny Kaye obviously eats up the `` sisters '' song he does with Bing -- and there 's refreshingly little Christmas music -LRB- which may be why it 's the favorite `` Christmas '' movie of one reviewer -RRB- . Dean Jagger is too good for the film but still manages to maintain his integrity in spite of his repulsive environment . However , if you want a training film on how to be a good , dull , Sunday-Christian , this is for you .
 Sanaa Lathan does a cool job in this film which is pretty predictable within the first half hour . the directing was all over the place . the story was cool & needs to be told more often , but this film felt real generic in alot of places . should have been way better because this a film that had a real story to tell & it ends up settling for alot of predictability . just Ok .
 I viewed this movie and was very upset when I saw how the black woman was depicted in this film , it was not a great film , or love story , just more un-natural sex , I hate race mixing !
 It is excellent . The story is nice , romantic . Actors are perfect , especially Simon Baker -LRB- great fan of him -RRB- . I realy enjoyed it from the first till the last scene.The film that could be watched many times again allways having good time .
 I odered four items on the same date , on March 28th , two movies and two soundtracks , from four different sellers . I received the other three items in less than ten days from the order date , with no problems . When I checked on this item , I saw that they predicted they would not ship it before April 30 . Today is April 30 , I have not yet received it , and I am not impressed with this service . If the item was in inventory , I find it hard to believe that this seller is that much busier than the other three sellers , who managed to send out the item promptly . All items were paid with a credit card , so they werent waiting for payment to clear . I am not a satisfied customer .
 Good premise but slow snail pace slow and dull . The acting is stiff and uncomfortable . The story line could have been interesting if they had decided it was a comedy or drama.I know black men dating white women is accepted but white men dating black women is still taboo so the movie had potential but it just does n't make any magic happen . The two leads do n't even act as if they are comfortable with each other . Donald Fasion was the comic relief and he was good ... but he was the only good thing about this movie . Rent it do n't buy it .
 I had been hearing and critiques on `` Something New '' and this is the first movie featuring a Black American Women in a realtionship with a White American Man , I did not see the movie because I personally thought what about movies like ` Eraserhead ' or Rosanne Cash and Stacey Keach in the 1970 's or many british movies on the subject . To me this movie seemed like a ` get back ' movie at Black Men who either . .1 . dating white women2 . on the dl3 . are irresponsible4 . take black women for granted5 . sexist black menAfter people telling me that it 's not the case and it 's a movie that 's not bashing black men but telling black women to seek more options than an `` Ideal Black Man '' . I decided to wait until the overhyping of this movie ended by it 's female actors , director , and producers and movie critics hailing this movie as a great ' racial breakthrough ' -LRB- lolol -RRB- for Black Women . I have finally seen the movie and my reivew that it 's a well acted but predictable romatic drama about the same subject that 's starting to plaque black movies in the last 10 years . Black Movies used to feature just ghetto sterotypes are now doing the same thing but it 's now the Black Middle or Upper Class who ca n't find love but usually it 's Morris Chestnutt , Taye Diggs , and Jamie Foxx . But unlike those black leading men the ` white knight ' is actually white , Simon Barker -LRB- land of the dead -RRB- is the landscape owner who Sanna Lathan falls for in this predictable romp.As her friends and others encouarge her to pursue this relationship , her IBM show up in the quise of Blair Underwood -LRB- in a solid but wooden performance -RRB- Kenya -LRB- Lathan -RRB- reacess her realtionship with Barker after some friction on race -LRB- how typical of hollywood -RRB- after Underwood is so driven by his job and not Kenya , the talk of tolerance by her pops and the ending at the cotilion with the Lathan running to Barker at the end -LRB- does n't that scence look like Spiderman 2 -RRB- with Lathan learning that Black Women should expand their options especially for professional black women.I could say this movie is some social breakthrough , but there is nothing in this film that is artisitc , there has has been movies that focus on the subject that are better than `` Something New ' . If Black Women want to date IR just do it , but do n't con me with a film that is average at best , and do n't insult my intelligence . Its a chick flick and for Roger Ebert -LRB- who is married to a black woman -RRB- to say this movie has social impact is insulting to films that have actually done just that.Something New would be a good T.V. movie of the week on LIFETIME but it 's not a major motion picture.P.S . To the Black Women and White Males sending me negative vibes show me a movie about Mixed Realtionships that are better , more realistic than Mississippi Masala than the black female writers and producers ` wet dream ' of a movie then I will believe it . The ending of this movie was unrealistic AT IT 'S BEST.In real-life -LRB- not kriss turner 's fantasy -RRB- Black Female/White Male realtionships the couple lives the white male 's life and social interests not dancing at predominately black social events Kenya 's a black upper class woman in a segregated black elite and would not even consider someone like Brian as part of her social circle or does a 150 years of black elite social conditioning is thrown out the window ? Frankly BF/WM are intergrated into mainstream society . Black Women in those relationships are like pro black ballplayers , `` Honoray Whites '' and have all privledges . White Women -LRB- or other ethnic groups -RRB- who are married to black males are more connected to the Black community than African - American Females married to white males .
 A total chic flick . No dude in his right mind would want to sit through this unless he was getting some at the end of the movie .
 `` Jungle Fever '' Reversed
 Talk about bad acting . Look no further than Simon Baker . A faceless white dude in a faceless repetitive movie that has been done before . He has the charisma that 's o the level of a Steven Segal . Something New ? What 's so new about it?It 's something like a combo of Meet The Parents and Guess Who 's Coming for dinner . The originality is ZERO here . I mean , the the title being called Something New ... Would n't you expect something in the film to be original ? Anything?Don ' t read the reviews from this chicks that probably spend hours on end watching the lifetime channel.What 's worse is the price ... 21 bucks ? Are they out of their minds ? How in the world is this movie worth 21 bucks with it 's mediocre cast , unoriginal plot , and being a totally predictable movie . Crazy I tell ya . Just crazy.Last but not least is Lathan . A rather unpleasant woman to look at . Just look at the cover of this movie ... She has the facial features of a bulldog . Not that it has anything to do with her average b movie acting skills ... Just thought I 'd point it out .
 My review is one which I take the blame for since amazon was never informed . The DVD has a small segment where it turns very slow as there is a defect . I decided to keep it because it is easy to not send the disc back . Amazon met all its obligations -- sending the DVD on time , confirming the order and had the provision that I could sent the DVD back if there was a defect.I am pleased with the way they acted .
 yes , in this dvd you are briefly introduced to reference points and the pak sau , lop sau etc. but the applications are hardly realistic the options of applications are sparse and the most ridiculous thing of the dvd is half of it is the limp wristed guy in the blue on the cover just doing his philosophy on what the techniques mean to him ... what a wretched waste of time ... check out bob breen JKD Kali from Dieter Knuttels ABANICO website , Inayan KDM basics dvd or Barry Cudas Grappling DVD if youre interested on an application on this subject ...
 I am stunned that this series got five stars !! It is strictly anti-war propaganda , wrapped in a thin film of poorly-written plot , slow-as-molasses ` action ' -LRB- and I use the word loosely -RRB- , and a whiny , self-serving main character . Good grief , do NOT buy it . Buy yourself instead some really good literature , well done -- Dickens , Shakespeare , something with a real plot , complex characters , action that you even care about .
 As already stated , this long awaited DVD version of a cult favorite was falsely advertised at 104 minutes , the running time of the full movie . I was one of those who owned it on VHS as that was the only option here in the U.S. . That print was 94 minutes , with the final 10 omitted . I was considering not purchasing the DVD , but since it was advertised at the full time I decided to take a chance . Maybe that 's what Olive Films was banking on . Regardless , they misrepresented this item in a critical way . I admit the film looks good , but it does n't make up for not including the film 's closing scene , which was quite an emotional conclusion . I would return it but it 's really not worth the effort . As for the movie itself , it 's one of my favorites , a peek into the British music scene at the beginning of the eighties . The songs , the story , and the performances are great all around , however there are no extras -LRB- unless you count chapter selection an extra -RRB- . Since so little effort went into this release , I do n't anticipate getting a complete DVD version anytime soon , if ever . That 's a real pity .
 Do not buy ! This Blu-ray is missing the last 10 minutes of the film ! This is despite Olive Films website claiming it is the full 104 minute version of the film
 I have waited a long time for this movie . If you are a fan I would wait some more . Do not buy the US edited version . I eagerly awaited the climax of the film only to find it ends abruptly after the song 8th Day . The last scene of Kate after her breakdown is completely missing . Feel very let down .
 This video is for B Western buffs only . Spade Cooley , who was a great fiddle player and band leader , produced some of his own pictures including these . They make B Westerns look like the production values of Gone With The Wind . However , he was one of the very few B Western stars that filled his movies with humor . They are comedies with Spade as the butt of the joke . He looks a bit like a shorter wider Roy Rogers , but unfortunately that 's where any semblance to acting ends . I had fun watching these and remembering my childhood , but if you are looking for good B Westerns , pass on this .
 The series is great - fascinating work . However if you think you 're paying $ 150 for the whole 5-part set , think again . The title says `` Working Shakespeare Video Library '' and does NOT mention that you 're NOT getting the whole set - in other words , it is misleading advertising . The item being offered is ONLY Workshop 1 -LRB- Muscularity of Language
 There is only one scene in this movie that keeps it from being a complete waste of your life and that is the bar scene with Will Ferrel . Much like Yoda fighting at the end of Star Wars Episode 2 , it is the only thing worth anything in the whole movie .
 Mostly annoying , whiney film about a J.D. Salinger-type character and his whiney , entitled , annoying little brat of a daughter . The eccentricities on display just got on my nerves . Will Ferrell is mildly amusing as a weirdo who lives with the crazy author . Nice indie rock soundtrack , though .
 I thought this was a depressing film . Ferrell was good , but the character of Resse , her father , and others was so bleak and dreary that it truly made this a miserable evening . Full stop .
 And it had nothing to do with the kitten scene . I was just so bored with the movie , it was nearly mind numbing . I had rented the movie and waited for days to watch it . I was sort of excited , it seemed to me that it would be a good movie , but as I watched I noticed I started looking at imperfections in my walls instead of the television screen.I was just so bored by the movie . Then after watching Reese be all jaded for 15 minutes I got to watch her drown a kitten , because she has a drug addiction to pay for , she could n't dish out some of cash to put down the kitten or just have someone shoot it.That is n't even my major qualm , the problem with the movie is that Reese is soooo overdone . She is so obnoxious with her angst and her childlike behavior . Oh , lets not forget , it 's boring . Did I say that already?I did n't want to say it , but Will Ferrel played the most interesting character in the whole movie . He is the only relief in a relentlessly sad movie . However even that was n't saving the film . Sorry , I do n't like giving bad ratings , but this time I had to .
 I would like to expand upon and reiterate a previous review 's side note advising animal lovers to avoid this film . Here 's why.Even if you do n't particularly care about cats , it is programmed into a lot of people to protect helpless baby animals . Therefore , seeing a kitten shut into a backpack and tossed into a river like a piece of garbage is more than a little disturbing , or at least it was to me . There are some things you ca n't `` unsee '' , and I really do n't appreciate something like that turning up unexpectedly in a coming-of-age chick flick . I 'm not a PETA fanatic or anything , but I have enough respect for life to be thoroughly disgusted by character development that requires realistic images of animal cruelty , especially when it is being portrayed as a mercy killing -LRB- after the diagnosis of feline leukemia -RRB- . It would be a real shame if people who watched this movie arrived at the conclusion that drowning animals is an acceptable or humane way to put them down.Well , that 's my two cents . Hollywood appears to be running out of gimmicks to manufacture drama , which I find pathetic . If not for this scene , I would have finished , maybe even liked the movie . I guess I just ca n't empathize with a protagonist capable of something like that , whatever the reason .
 I wish I had read the other persons review regarding the kitten killing scene , cause I never would have watched this movie had I known about it . The central character is obviously flawed emotionally and psychologically , but the viewers do not need that scene to either make or reinforce that point . I almost believe that someone in Hollywood intentionally added that scene just to try and stir debate/outrage and increase movie/ticket sales . Since the character had taken the kitten to the vet , which is how she learns about the feline leukemia , then she could have simply asked the vet to euthanize her pet . She was apparently able to afford the first visit , so she could have afforded a second trip , or I 'm sure the vet would have done it for free . Instead , the character puts it in a gym bag and tosses it in a river ... disgusting and not even a good metaphor for her own life , if that 's what it was supposed to be . The scene is never explained and I only bring it up to help prevent others from making the same mistake I did when I watched this movie and ` that ' scene.I struggled to watch the rest of the movie , but I had hoped that the central character would either show some remorse , or at least receive some form of cosmic punishment for her actions , but she basically ends the movie as she began it ... a complete waste of space , maybe just a little less greedy -LRB- she does bury the letters instead of selling them , after all -RRB- . The other characters were eccentric , but only for the sake of eccentricity ... unless you believe there really are people out there who can wake up one morning , find a total stranger asleep on their couch , and simply allow them to stay and continue living there.Don ' t get me wrong , I like quirky off-beat characters and movies , but only when they are appropriate and believable within the context of the story.I also ca n't believe both Ebert AND Roeper liked this movie -LRB- that was the main reason I watched it without knowing anything else about it -RRB- ... maybe they 're working on commission now -LRB- just kidding -RRB- !
 I was horrified to see the Zooey Deschanel character drown a kitten early in the film . I took out the dvd and threw it in the trash . Do not watch this film if you have any human feelings .
 Refer the same title in Standard Deviants in Pre-AlgebraTeaching Systems and Standard deviants are one and the sameStandard deviants prices are cheaper
 There is nothing redeemable at all here.Where to start there is so much wrong with this movie ... It is filmed , edited and acted exactly like a 80 's pron movie , yes that bad.There is no car chases , there is no car crashes , there is no acting ability , there is nothing here so move along please ... The sound varies wildly as does the hiss on the soundtrack almost like one of those old tape recorders that had auto record levels . It sounds like it was all dubbed in a large empty room no matter where they are.This is the movie that makes Redline look good !
 The movie we received was not for the USA and therefore would not play . This disappointed my granddaughter who was so excited when it arrived only to be sadly upset .
 I purchased this item for my daughter for Christmas . She saved the DVD to watch on Halloween . She opened the package to find that the actual DVD was missing , and only contained the digital copy . She is very upset as am I . This has never happened before , as I have ordered from here quite a bit . Now the return has expired . Will ; have to rethink about ordering from here again !!!! NOT HAPPY !!!!
 I give it one star for only ONE reason , it does n't work on my blu ray player . I live in Australia and have had problems only with FOX blu rays ... till now.I 'm guessing disney have now begun coding the blu rays too . Either way , it does n't work on my player , unfortunately ... I LOVE THIS FILM !!!
 Not the best . Yeah , it 's edgy and stuff , whatever . I really do n't care if it 's edgy or not . It 's kind of insipid . The animation and direction are fantastic , and Danny Elfman has ALWAYS done a wonderful job when it comes to scores/soundtracks , but the movie itself is pretty bad . The plot is silly . The whole `` be yourself '' message is older than dirt . The little `` creepy twist '' put on said message is , again , silly . I honestly do not know why it has such a following . If anyone would like to tell me , I do n't think my email 's hidden . If it is , send any messages -LRB- literate ones , mind -RRB- about why this movie is so great to Nessarose.of.the.East@gmail.com
 you 've GOT to be kidding putting this in the 3-6 yr old catagory ! my husband and i watched this and called it the `` feel bad movie of the year . '' of course , the animation and scores are very well done , but the adult themes make this a REAL nightmare-inducer for any child that is allowed to watch it .
 I never opened the DVDs because the Jack Skellington bust was broken and I had to send everything back . I reordered and the second bust was also broken and instead of Amazon looking at their stock and finding one not broken Amazon just refunded my money - end of story.Not satisfied at all .
 ... and forced him to make this pseudo edgy , pseudo stop motion film . It 's all very slick , but boring and a little offensive . The characters do n't interest me . The story does n't intrique me . The energetic musical style that pervades the whole thing is irritating . It 's like they 're contstantly trying to reassure the kids that nothing really bad is going to happen with musical cues and just the whole style . I find my attention wandering .
 My wife and I have run a haunted house for Halloween for the last decade . She 's the mover and shaker , I follow . One would think that this movie was right up our alley.Pretty much from start to finish we both were drop-jawed aghast at this movie . Not that there were n't a few good bits so maybe this review deserved two stars , not one . -LRB- good bits
 I did n't pay close enough attention to the Region thing . It DOES N'T play on my DVD player . Even though it was clearly stated . I feel like such a ding-a-ling . So , do n't make the same mistake I did . :-LRB- . . but the movie is one of my faves ! I just have to buy a copy that will work for me ! : \
 bluesmurfs never answers emails . i have emailed for 4 weeks . needed to cancel , leaving country . asked for a refund , they were taking TOO long and i had to cancel . they refused to answer my emails , refused to cancel order , refuse to delivery refused to refund . they are horrible . horrible horrible horrible . never recommend them . never .
 Our family has loved Burton 's other movies , and appreciate his quirky sensibility , but we found this one unwatchable . We literally stopped it halfway . The whole thing is sung , in the style of a generic Broadway musical . Neither the world of holiday towns , nor the story , engaged us at all .
 I agree with the viewer of New York , the movie 's problem is , that it 's to violent -LRB- I do n't mean like they use guns or has nudity -RRB- , I 'm trying to say is that poeple saw the movie because they though it was a kick ass movie , -LRB- that was shown on the preview -RRB- but then the theater showed the movie and I took my 4 year old brother -LRB- now 10 -RRB- to see the movie that the new york times called `` A Tim Burton 's Masterpiece '' turn out to be a kind of sick movie for young kids , after the movie my brother never wanted to see this bloody movie again , so guys , if you want to see a really cool musical just watch Grease instead .
 Its been more than a month since I ordered this movie but have not received it yet . I have sent an e-mail to amazon.com but I have not heard from them . I would like to know how much longer is going to take for me to receive my order . What happened to it ?????
 Loser -LRB- ... -RRB- This one is definitely rotten to the core . You do n't mix Holloween with Christmas ! It is simply not done . Although , the songs were fun and creative . And , Danny Elfman has a nice , strong , deep voice .
 If your into something slick , high tech and Disney like you 'll probably love this . Really . Go for it . It 's five stars for you . You will love it.I NOW wish I 'd given it ONE STAR instead of TWO just to balance out the thoughless `` reviews '' giving it 5 stars . I suggest you look at the ALL THE REVIEWS and then sort them by LOWEST REVIEWS FIRST . Read Birthe Jrgensen 's review and The grumpy consumer 's review . Both are insightful.The movie has everything you 'd think it needed to be great , premise , talent , money , Danny Elfman.Unfortunately for those with more discerning tastes , for those looking for something that deviates from the standard this movie does n't qualify . IT TAKES NO CHANCES . Only very young children and very sheltered adults would be challenged or scared by this movie.The movie wants to be rebellious but it 's not . It 's banal . About as scary and rebellious as a corporate book keeper who works for Disney Inc.Elfman 's soundtrack could be out of any generic Hollywood movie , it breaks no rules , in fact it follows all rules . IT 'S PREDICTABLE . The animation looks great , it 's slick as hell , maybe too slick , following all the rules . It 's like wine with no quirkyness . As has been mentioned before here it does n't have the charms of the more `` primitive '' movies made by pioneers like the Quay Brothers or Jan Svankmejer . This is n't art it 's entertainment . There is absolutely no innovation here just REFINEMENT of other people 's innovations.It is much better when it 's not a musical . I think this is were the problem lies . Making it a musical took all the tooth out of it . Especially since the singing is `` standard '' musical fare . If it was Nina Hagen singing ... it might have had a chance . Nope . It 's too bad because it could have been great . I TRIED to like it , SEVERAL times but there is no `` there '' there . Basically it 's BORING.I would recommend `` The City of Lost Children '' if you seek a more adventurous movie . Similar but much more innovative and down right weird . Not animated but it does n't need to be.One last gripe . Terrible navigations system . However I think most of the navigation interfaces on DVDs are stupidly `` arty . '' Not impressed by how clever it is . I just want it to work.Wow a lot of `` not helpfuls !!! '' My we do have our IDOLS.OK the dumbos who disagree can now press the `` not helpful '' button , PLEASE DO , and the smart people can , at least , consider what I 've written .
 This movie . My responce ; huh ? This may be the most creepy thing ever . I watched it , and I did n't really feel like I had just watched a movie . It felt like I had just been stupified in front of a whole lot of people . Was I supposed to get that ? I was thinking about watching it with my daughter , but I 'm glad I decided not to . She is still a young girl of and ACADEMIC -LRB- hint , hint -RRB- mind set . I will always be happy to watch a movie with her , but not one that is this stupid .
 I BOUGHT 2 COPIES FROM TWO DIFERENT STORES IN WINDSOR ONTARIO CANADA.THEY WERE BOTH DEFECTIVE . THE FIRST IS THE MAYORS SPEECH IN THE CHAPTER JACKS OBESSION . THE DEFECT AUDIO . THE THREE OTHER DEFECT , S ARE 1 OGGIE BOOGIES SPEECH & 2SALLY SCREAMING 3 & SANTA TALKING .
 The main reason I purchased this item was for the Digital Copy . Come to find out in very small print on the lower back it says the Digital Copy Expired back in 2008 ! Since it is 2010 , the item should not be sold with the Digital Copy if it is EXPIRED ! Amazon should no longer sell this product , especially since they sell a more recent version wothout the expired digital copy . Plus , they should post this in the item description notifying all cutomers of the expiration date . This would have saved me a lot of time if I would have known this in the first place . I had to go through the trouble of returning the item and waiting for a refund !
 I own this and I found out that the Digital Copy disc ai n't worth buying this DVD set . You can get the one disc version of this movie and get all the same bonus features . This is really not worth buying . You can only use the Digital Copy disc and code 1 time and than you are unable to again . This collector 's edition is a waste of money and Disney should be sued by anybody who bought this cause it is n't worth it . Why in the H *** put out a Digital disc that can only be used 1 time ? what happens if someone 's computer crashes or they accidentally delete it ? What should they do waste more money to get it.DO NOT BUY THIS SET IT IS A RIP OFF .
 boot leg copy ... . even the dvd cover is very poor . buyer beware not worth the money and effort . spend extra to get the real thing . i wish i would have .
 This show was weird and disturbing . It is not for kids . We thought it would be a fun movie to watch at Halloween time but instead we were left wondering why we wasted our time on it . Awful .
 I thought this was a Halloween animation project . It 's really a Christmas musical . It does n't really fit either holiday . Not Tim Burton 's work in my mind .
 Long had I dreaded the day when I would be forced to sit down and watch `` The Nightmare Before Christmas '' . Not because I thought it would be horrible - in fact , I expected it to be quite good . I 've always loved Tim Burton , and the premise sounded great . So this Christmas , when my brother received it for a Christmas present , I finally sat myself down and watched it.The storyline is great
 The digital copy has so many restrictions on the installation that it makes it less than worthless . I say less than worthless because you have to install Disney junk on your computer before you can do the ONE installation that the disc allows.Don ' t fall for this rip off . Get the version that has no digital copy and use a DVD ripper to make your own .
 This video was sent as a VHS not as a DVD as expected . We feel it will be out dated and unable to be viewed in a short period .
 Let me start by saying it took over 5 weeks to deliver , upon delivery my Granddaughter was extremly overjoyed . Until i tried to play the dvd , come to find out the movie will not play in the U.S.A. Not only is my Granddaughter upset i am realy pissed , This purchase was a waste of money and time .
 I thought the DVD I was getting was one that could be EITHER regular or Blue Ray . I do n't have a blue ray player so it 's useless to me . But since I 've already opened the package , I guess I ca n't return it . The gift card I used was a Christmas present from my son .
 My fault for not realizing this was VHS . Although new , hoping it will play . This thing looks like its been in the basement for the last 20 years . Very disappointed but again I got what I paid for , I guess . Just praying the quality is better then its appearance .
 Ever since I had the pleasure of viewing the heavyweight champion of 3d movies . . Coraline , i 've been wanting to see Tim Burtons other 3d movie Nightmare b4 Xmas.Man was I disapointed !! Bleak boring musical , terrible 3d , graphics to dark , boring plot -LRB- what plot -RRB- , etc , etc.No pop out 3d in this one.If 3d is your thing get Coraline and do n't waste your money on this one .
 My family of four was looking forward to watching this movie having looked for a new to us family friendly Halloween themed movie . After 1 hour we all decided to change the channel . Not funny for the kids , 5,7 and 10 , and not interesting enough to keep Mom and Dad 's attention . Love Burton , but this was not good . We may not be quite EMO enough to get this movie ... But we gave it a good try .
 Too bad this version is not like the one shown on cable . Seems to be an earlier version , and not worth the money . The sellers should be more open about what exactly they 're selling when there are different versions . We 're not all experts in all films .
 INCREIBLEMENTE , EL BLURAY 3D ESTA UNICAMENTE TRADUCIDO AL ESPA&N tilde ; OL DE ESPA&N tilde ; A , EL BLU RAY NORMAL ESPA&N tilde ; OL LATINO UNICAMENTE , Y EL DVD SIN TRADUCCION AL ESPA&N tilde ; OL , COMO ES POSIBLE QUE NO SE DIERAN CUENTA QUE NECESITABAN PONER LAS 2 TRADUCCIONES EN LOS DOS BLU RAY`S Y NO UNICAMENTE UNA EN CADA UNO . GRAVE ERROR DE EDICION , TOMANDO EN CUENTA QUE EN ESPA&N tilde ; OL LATINO SOMOS MAYORIA , AHORA TENDRE QUE VER MI BLURAY 3D EN ESPA&N tilde ; OL DE ESPA&N tilde ; A : -LRB-
 great movie but bad digital copy . I have the widescreen vhs version and the dvd here but the movie is out of sync . There seem to be lines that flash in my copy the tape is ten times better then the dvd so dont buy this one buy the vhs copy in widescreen its so much better .
 Neither the teenage kids nor parents liked this one at all . It was just weird and not entertaining at all
 What a waste , I could not access this product ! Do n't think I will be trying to access movies this way anymore !
 Shipping took a little longer than expected . Dvd would n't play on American DVD player . Company was more than happy to refund quickly , so I would still recommend the company .
 Update on this movie . Because of the negative comments posted to my original review , I decided to watch the movie again , on Showtime , in HD-Big screen . I thought that maybe I missed something . My opinion has not changed . I think it 's an absolutely terrible movie , and I was a little too generous giving it a second star . By the way , in this class of movie , I like Coraline the best.Original review
 I like Tim Burton Movies . . I Like Johhny Depp ... I bought this movie for $ 38.00 3d ... This movie is boring predictable , horrible music ... If I had watched first I never would have bought this movie except to increase my 3d library for $ 5 0r $ 6 as I doubt I will ever watch this horrible done 3d movie which I felt I forced myself to watch ... Get Corspe Bride ... Great movie . . WARNING YOU WILL BE SORRY IF U BUY THIS TOTAL TRASH
 I really enjoy animated movies , but this one just did n't work it 's way into my heart . The songs are stupid and uncaring . The scenes are sometimes terrible and uncalled for . I did not like this movie at all . I 'm sorry , but I would n't buy this video .
 My Mom got me this movie when I was about 7 years old . And rightfrom the begining I hated it . If you have even a little bit ofsence you would NEVER EVER buy this movie , or even watch it.It runend the way I though about Christmas and Halloween . So forthe sake of yourself and your kids DO NOT buy or watch this movie.If I could I 've give it no stars at all .
 This movie is dark and depressing . It has forever ruined Christmas for me . Christmas is supposed to be about love and peace , not torture and death ! Totally disturbing ! The only positive thing you can say about it is the level of creativity is high but what a terrible direction to take with it . Do yourself a favor and pick some other show . If you value your sanity you will steer clear of this film at all costs .
 Why does `` everyone '' love this movie ? It 's not that good . Not at all . I saw this when I was four and I absolutely hated it when I found out they kidnapped Santa Clause . The zombie girl taking her head off at one point in the movies was pretty gross too ... yuck . I do n't reccomend this film .
 this movie is not worth being called a cult fav , i have no idea why it ever became so popular ... and p.s. i actually do like james and the giant peach , just not the nightmare before christmas its soooo bad i will never watch it again .
 What a major disappointment for all true stop-motion animation fans . I actually feel sorry for those who unknowingly call this a `` masterpiece '' , or a `` true classic '' ; they must be pretty desperate . - But it 's no wonder , really . If you 've grown up with mostly cartoons and Disney movies , something `` different '' like this must seem like a revelation . - Come on , have you forgotten Ray Harryhausen or George Pal and his Puppetoons ? . Or people like the Quay Brothers , Jiri Trnka , Karel Zeman , Jan Svankmejer , etc. , etc. , etc. - They 're the true masters ; able to be innovative , atmospheric and scary . `` T.N.B.C. '' lack all these important ingredients . But the biggest disappointment of all is the animation itself . The movie may look slick , perfect and sophisticated -LRB- and I 'm sure they spent a million hours on it -RRB- , but it 's too elaborate for its own good . I know stop-motion is all about detail , but if you spend too much time making the movements of the puppets quick and realistic you lose that special kind of magic so essential to this wonderful art-form . In my opinion stop-motion is supposed to be rather slow and jerky looking - that 's the very charm of it , for Christ sake ! . Not necessarily dark and quirky , but it 's at its otherworldly best when the execution of it is kept simple and primitive . Check out some old classic fairytales Czech-style for much more effective examples . I really do n't know why they bothered , Burton & Co. - They might as well have used computers , because CGI is almost what it feels -LRB- and looks -RRB- like to me . Stop-motion is after all an oldfashioned kind of animation , and just about the only place left where ones fantasy can truly flourish and your patience -LRB- brain , really -RRB- is challenged . Unlike CGI , it forces you to use you imagination still , and not disconnect it . Concentration , please ! .
 I hate everyone who said this movie -LSB- stank -RSB- because it was SCARY ! I watched this foul excuse for a film when I was seven or so and I was n't scared , nor was I last year when I borrowed it from a friend . It had aweful music , a -LSB- silly -RSB- plot , and -LSB- bad -RSB- voice acting . I had no idea the stitch-girl thing was talking . I thought she was just making a mumbling noise . Also , for all the people who said Santa got ` tortured , ' please define the word `` torture . '' When I think of torture , I think of bleeding and screaming and death , not rubbing a feather to someones foot . I hated the Batman movies . I loathed Edward Scissor-Hands . I abhored the Nightmare Before Christmas . If you have an ounce of intelligence in your brain , then use it to NOT buy-or watch-this movie . In fact , find the nearest store with a copy of this movie and run , not walk , but RUN in the opposite direction .
 Apparently , `` this disc can not be played in your region '' . I ca n't believe Amazon allows stuff like this to happen . Yes , I noticed the SMALL red warning , not nearly noticeable enough . I am really upset that after waiting and specifically choosing a seller one state away from me to get it sooner , this DVD wo n't play . Why would a DVD seller from the states make DVDs formatted for South Africa ? Amazon should look into a better way of warning it 's buyers before purchase of regions . I was n't aware that they even existed . Now I have an open DVD that the seller probably wo n't even take back because the seal has been broken . I always shop through Amazon , but am seriously doubting them after this inconvenience .
 I shopped the local Blockbuster , WalMart , Target , etc. . . for a copy of the Nightmare Before Christmas before checking the Amazon website . Most stores did not carry the item and those that did , had the `` special edition '' version with a staggering $ 30 price tag ! This was a Christmas gift -- one that was scheduled to be hand delivered on December 14 . While the item was delivered within the required timeline , it was `` loosely '' shrunk wrapped and the DVD rattled inside the case . It did not sound `` broken '' but I wanted to test the DVD because the `` sloppy '' packaging was worrisome.The DVD played on a computer but on no other device . This included several high end High Definition surround sound entertainment systems to external DVD players connected to old-fashioned tube television sets -- including but not limited to a hand-held DVD player . I received a `` file not found '' and/or `` please insert disc '' on a couple of these units . Suffice it to say , I paid $ 30 to Blockbuster so that I could make the delivery on time.The item appears to be pirated . I will never buy from this vendor again .
 the disc blu ray 3d do not coming . I regret having purchased.should review the package prior to dispatch and minimize inconvenience to customers .
 Order a new tape and receive a p -LSB- en unwap tape in the mail so i am stuck with it can not return it
 This film is great , but the 3D enhancement is horrible . I would advise fans to stick with their original 2D purchase . The 3D enhancement is not a very visiable addition .
 Come to find out this movie does not play in the USA !!!! I will never by a movie off of Amazon ever again !
 My granddaughtern has wanted this movie for a year and could not find it . Finally I found it for her and sent it to her for her birthday . When she tried to play it , it said does not play in this region which is Washington state . Was not happy had to find another one for this disappoint girl . I will never order another thing from here again
 Disney should be ashamed of releasing this film in such a manner . The master they used is outdated and not even anamorphic . The master , and all bonus materials were originally produced for a $ 100 Laserdisc release done over 8 years ago ! The same is true for other Disney films like SISTER ACT , ARACHNOPHOBIA , THE BLACK CAULDRON , THE JOY LUCK CLUBOther studios remaster often , expecially when doing a release in a new format . With these kind of choices being made by Disney I wonder what they are going to pull with Blu ?
 This edition has NO NEWER features than the previous released 2D Blu ray version except for the 3D edition . You would think that Disney would at least include the extras that were on the Laserdisc version that has yet to be relased on DVD ... NOPE ! The 3D version of NBC is also CROPPED at a ration of 1:85:1 and was filmed in a resolution that is LOWER THAN the 1080P 2D version . Those that purchased the blu ray , like me , may want to pass on this unless they are just buying it because they just have to have this movie in 3D . I 've seen the 3D version of the Nightmare Before Christmas in the theaters a couple of times and as much as I LOVE NBC , I did n't think that the 3D effects enhanced it that much . The 3D Jack in the Box at the very beginning of the film was the best 3D effect of the entire movie . After that , the 3D effects were retrofitted and mediocre at best . If you want all the editions of this classic and did n't already purchase it in Blu Ray than go for it if your wallet will allow . However , Disney CAN NOT entice me to purchase this movie a third time in 3D with NO additional features than the previous edition .
 I purchased this 2 disc collection for the digital copy and the paper with the code was n't even in there ! The kids love this movie but it was a waste of money to pay that much if you do n't even get the code ! This was listed as new . I do n't think so .
 Technically , this DVD is awful . The film transfer was poorly executed , and the subtitles are challenging even for the fastest of readers . I found myself constantly replaying bits to catch subtitles that were on the screen for literally 7 frames.From the standpoint of filmmaking in 2006 , this film is awful too . It is poorly paced , edited , and photographed . And do n't get me started on the audio mix.BUT ... I am constantly reminded that a good story and good acting can still make a movie like this watchable.For a low-budget feature from 1985 , it 's ok .
 while the story is cute the quality of the acting , cinematography , costumes , and DVD are about as bad as it gets the only film I 've seen thats worse is
 From Mexico and released in 1985 Donna Herlinda lives with her Doctor son . Doctor son is having a passionate affair with a Ramon , a much younger music student . Donna and Ramon click and mama suggests that Ramon come live with them since his rooming house is a dump and they have plenty of room . The boys can share a room ! It 's bliss until sonny boy makes good and finally becomes engaged and marries a proper woman . Mama says , do n't worry , we will all live together and I will have an addition put on the house . Doc gets to have his cake and eat it to . The end.I am sure that this was a very daring film for it 's day , 1985 . But to me it came across as a sad relic of another era . The mother totally ignores her sons homosexuality , even after catching them making out in the back yard . Decent people do n't acknowledge such things ! Ramon loves the Doc but accepts the fact that they will never have a real relationship and after some doubt , actually agrees to the living arrangement that his him living in the same house as his lover and his wife and child . Every now and then he and the Doc can sneak off and ` do the nasty ' but mums the word ! Yew . Pathetic .
 Nice story but mediocre acting and mediocre bodies . Surely the producers could have found better looking lovers . One is too old and the other one has a hair problem .
 The first 30 minutes of the movie were of interest . The Americans with red hoods etc. . Even with makeup Franco Nero looks a little young for the role . The movie has a great deal of plot holes and jumps some . The dub job was the worst I 've seen in an Italian Western . I watched the movie in Italian with the subtitles , it was much more enjoyable . A good see once film but nothing to call great . I did think the ear cutting was original . The extra disc on DVD , `` The Last Pistolero '' was a slick little short .
 I saw the rave reviews about DJANGO and wondered if the current DJANGO UNCHAINED was based on this film . Apparently , DJANGO caused such a stir in its day that the name was used in countless films having nothing to do with the original . I had n't heard of this film and was ready for a spaghetti western . These campy spaghetti westerns were made famous by Sergio Leone and Sergio Corbucci . Filmed in Spain to mimic the old west with a cast of Italians and Spaniards along with possibly a famous American actor or two -LRB- as in Clint Eastwood -RRB- , spaghetti westerns had a strong fan base.A young up and coming actor whose long Italian name was shortened to Franco Nero stars as Django . Nero was only 23 at the time and was made to look older . Famously handsome , Nero seemed like a great choice as mystery man Django . One line from the DVDs cover art , tells it all , Django is a mysterious man `` dragging a coffin filled with chaos towards a destiny ruled by vengeance . '' That description was as bad as the awful dubbing . The dialogue on this dubbed version was almost unbearable with voices that did n't seem to match the actor voices of actors like Franco Nero . Of course , that can be the fun of a spaghetti western so it can be overlooked.As Django drags his coffin , he comes across a woman about to be tortured and killed by a gang of Americans . Next come the Mexicans . Everyone is out to kill Maria , but why?Back in the near ghost town , we are introduced to the dismal saloon and its band of currently unemployed prostitutes . The war between the Mexicans and the Americans have turned the hamlet into a ghost town . It all gets confusing figuring out which Americans are bad and which are worse and it is the same with the Mexicans . DJANGO is filled with constant brutality and violence . A particularly unnerving scene has an American `` general '' using Mexican peasants as target practice . Absolutely awful . Now the Mexican peasants are obviously not affiliated with the Mexicans on horseback who want to get back to Mexico to fight the Mexican soldiers . . or something like that . DJANGO seems to be willing to befriend the Mexican bad guys but is out to destroy the American bad guys.If this sounds confusing , it certainly is . The story seems to be just thrown together to have a total as much violence as possible . It 's amazing to read that this film is a classic . Apparently , it was never released theatrically in the US but was a huge hit in Europe . The film extras help with the history of DJANGO but it still does n't save a bad movie from being so terrible .
 I 'd recently read on the EMPIRE film magazine web site that it rated Django as # 2 in the best spaghetti westerns . I have to disagree with that . I would n't even have it in my top 20 . The dubbing is outright awful , like they did n't even try to get some semblance of lip syncronization . The dialogue god-awful . Just listen to when Django is explaining to the prostitute who 'd fallen in love with him why it would n't work . I think maybe George Lucas must have been in on the dialogue.There are some good scenes , however . The beginning where Django is on foot , pulling a coffin behind him was an image I 'll long remember . Also when he guns down five bad guys in the saloon-very slick . All in all though , it just did n't work for me , and could only recommend it to someone interested in increasing their knowledge of the Italian western genre .
 Just your run-of-the-mill spaghetti western also-ran , complete with a joltingly simple plot , one-dimensional characters and the worst dubbed dialog this side of Pulp Fiction 's basic cable edit . Django himself , an opportunist without much in the way of personality , is only likable in direct comparison to the cookie-cutter roster of villainy he mercilessly cuts down at every opportunity . Even the scenery , which normally delivers a heaping portion of a western 's aura and mystique , falls flat in Django . Here the wide-open promise of a broad , sweeping landscape is reduced to dreary patch of mud , a fistful of thin , trail-weary horses and four pathetic , lifeless wooden shacks . If a steady diet of ricocheting bullets , heavy drinking and utterly pointless double-crossery is what you 're hungry for , by all means chow down - this is ninety solid minutes of just that with little variation . Those with an appetite for more filling material , on the other hand , should just keep on walking .
 no really a good old western but then againClint Eastwood ruined it for everybody elsecheck it out I thought naw
 a spaghetti western at its worst . Mistook the film for the new Django and what a mistake it was . Thankfully , it was only a rental . Never bothered beyond the first ten minutes .
 Maybe when it was filmed was a hit , but now it 's dated . The dialogues are ridiculous , it can be fun because it 's so bad . It 's dubbed in English , and very poorly . Whi not leaving the subtitles ?
 Had no idea this would be about a bunch of people going around shooting people for sport . Wastes of money
 There 's a note before the film begins that the original negative was badly damaged in some sections of the film and that one should try to enjoy it anyway . It seemed to me that throughout most of the movie , there was such an incredibly high level of grain that it caused a very drastic shimmer effect . It was extremely distracting . If this is the best they could do , they really should n't have bothered at all in my opinion.As for the movie itself , I 'm sorry to say I was disappointed in that as well . It was many years ago that I first heard of Django , back when the Thrones were covering the Django theme song . I asked them where it was from , and they described what sounded like one of the coolest spaghetti westerns ever made , starring an awesome antihero who drags around a coffin with a Gatling gun concealed within . That was about 15 years ago . I suppose there was no way anything could live up to high expectations that lasted that long . As far as I 'm concerned , it 's one of the downright * silliest * spaghetti westerns ever made . I tried to convince myself that it was intentional tongue-in-cheek parody ... but I really do n't think that 's the case . I could easily see Mystery Science Theater 3000 giving it a highly deserved send-up . Quite surprising considering what I 'd heard about it over the years.If you 're a hyper anal-retentive purist who demands a 100 % accurate transfer regardless of how badly damaged and flawed the original source was , and do n't take the movie as seriously as I did , perhaps you 'll be able to enjoy this turkey .
 Once again we have a stranger with a score to settle . Of course , he is lightning fast with guns and never misses . Before it 's all over -LRB- I could n't bear to watch it all -RRB- he 's wasted scores of Mexicans and Americans both . Why exactly I 'm not sure . The story takes a back seat to all the cruel , unusual and gratuitous violence . I do n't mind violent movies but I 'd at least like to have an interesting story to go with them . I kept trying to like this show . After reading reviews what I imagined sure had the real thing beat . I mean c'mon , a guy who drags a coffin around through the desert to some God forsaken mud hole of a town , just to waste about 300 or 400 guys who go up against him ? Why it all matters I do n't know . There were so many people getting shot that it was hard to remember what the story was about but it really was n't worth remembering anyway .
 Inconsistent . The hero goes from super-competent to super-stupid . The dubbing is terrible , the dialog sappy , and the plot makes no sense . Waste of time .
 This is an overated film and I have heard that it was always great . Once I got around to renting it , I was sorely mislead , not only by all the hype this piece of junk got , but by the reviews , who wrote them anyways ? If you watch the DVD extra on the making of the film , the actor talks about how they did n't have a script or money for most of the film , and I said to myself , `` that is why its so bad . '' And truly , this is one bad piece of film making , played by bad actors , on bad , dirty sets on some abandoned Spanish/Italian back lot . The absurd plot puts Django , some half drunk injun carrying a loaded coffin with a 800 lb Maxim machine gun , which was used out of context in the film , because it never was cooled or ran out of bullets . He visits a sect of `` red hooded '' hooligans who look stupid with the red hoods as they shoot mexicans for fun . Okay , who wrote the script , a 12 year old ? The Mexican bandits are even worse , they shoot anyone . There 's a terrible scene where Djano shoots 120 of the red hooded bad guys without burning the barrel of the gun or running out of ammo , nice touch . In effect , this is a film without a basis , and the only thing remotely resembling interest is the young , blue eyed , non-English speaking early role of -LRB- Nero -RRB- . Grade D.
 I head a lot of good things about this -- comparisons to Leone 's films and that it was so popular it spawned a horde of sequals . I had contemplated buying the Anchor Bay DVD , and upon viewing , I 'm so glad I did n't . Franco Nero is absolutely dreadful -- i 'm not sure if he or the dubbing is to blame but the delivery and dialogue are some of the worst I 've ever witnessed . The character is such a goody goody with lines like , `` You should n't treat women like that '' and `` That 's not right . '' To compare this to Leone is to reduce Leone 's interesting characters and cinematography into cardboard gunfights . I did n't even finish the film .
 I was looking for a good western and saw very strong reviews for this one . Man , was I sucked in ! Do you ever have suspicions that more than just a few of the reviewers are employed by the companies responsible for releasing a movie?Hear me now and listen to me later . This is , bar none , one of the most over hyped excuses for a western of all time . This does not even come close to Leone 's films . Do not pay full price for this one . Waste less of your money and buy it used if you ca n`t fight the urge to see this movie . My copy will be back on the street soon . The extra disc was horrible , too .
 I should have checked netflix or something before buying this . It 's a boring movie and really awkward . This girl just throws herself at the guy and has no self respect ... I do n't like movies where the women are dumb or easy and still get the guy .
 Ben Affleck plays a high-powered music publicist who falls hard for a girl -LRB- Jennifer Lopez , of course -RRB- whom he marries . In a few brief scenes they are painted as the perfect , loving couple . When J Lo dies in childbirth , Affleck is too grief-stricken to properly care for his child . He loses his job through bad-mouthing Will Smith in front of a large audience -- a scene which must be seen to be believed . He then moves in with his father , becomes a city worker and devotes himself to his daughter . Did I miss something or is this a rather abrupt change in his character , with absolutely no explanation as to why . The movie proceeds in this awkward fashion , with one unbelievable situation following another . It 's hard to decide which is the movie 's worst sin -- the cliches , the sudden changes in character which Affleck goes through or the foul-mouthed males who do not temper their conversation when they 're around a little girl they all supposedly adore . The concept of this movie has some potential , but the cliche-ridden script gives the actors no hope at all . The school talent show at the end is supposed to be the grand climax , but what school ever has family members perform with their children ? The faults in this movie are too numerous to mention .
 I thought this movie was pretty bad . It was SO easy to predict . Liv Tyler 's role was so small , I think she is a lovely actress , who made a bad choice to work in such a cheesy movie.Ben Affleck may be fabulous eye candy , but I must say , his acting abilities are lacking substance.Overall , I would skip this one all together . Even as a rental .
 I orginally thought this movie would be a cutesy film you can watch with your family I rented it for family movie night with the hope we could all enjoy it.I 'm a huge Ben Affleck fan and I was hoping that after Jersey Girls things might look up for his career I only was disappointed by this poor family flick . The storyline is predictable and horrible at the same time going from Ben 's attempted mercy hump to him showing up unexpectadley at his daughter 's school show . Ben Affleck dos n't seem to connect with the little girl much and Liv Tyler the fairy from lord of the rings does a horrible job as Ben 's love interest . The laughs stop after Ben denounces rising star Will Smith . This is not the cute family flick to watch with your kids.Another boring part in this movie is the camera work that focus just on the faces with no angles or anything you kind of get bored . Not to mention Ben 's soap operetic moments - such as when he is talking to his baby daughter about her dead mother -- you feel bad for how bad the movie is . My cousins were falling asleep half-way through it . Although , I did like the critcism of Cats -LRB- one of my least favorite musicals -RRB- The little Jersey Girl sadly is not cute enough to save this train wreck of a movie Jersey Girl is this years combination of Uptown Girls meets Gigli it 's not worth 's it 's price-tage and sorry Ben -- it 's another Gigli .
 Some time ago I stumbled across JERSEY GIRL on television afterthe film had already started . Four comments :1 -RRB- It seemed to be the umpteenth movie or TV show to waste the talents of comic actor Joseph Bologna , who plays Jersey Girl Toby 's father . See Bologna in BLAME IT ON RIO and MY FAVORITE YEAR .2 -RRB- Toby 's lady friends were stereotypes of East Coast Italians , nothing exclusive to the Garden State . Was the original title STATEN ISLAND GIRL ? 3 -RRB- I wondered if the scene where Toby 's boyfriend tickles her until she falls off the bed was improvised or in the script , because JERSEY GIRL seemed otherwise so stale . Tickling says a lot about a relationship but not many falling-in-love pictures touch on it . Tickling 's a turn-on for some couples and for others a power-trip , ie . who does the tickling ? -LRB- Have you noticed that people who love to tickle usually get mad if you tickle them , or are simply not ticklish at all ? My ex-girlfriend , who tickled me like crazy , was only mildly ticklish . -RRB- 4 . Toby gives it up to the boyfriend without first getting the wedding ring , one reason I was not anxious to see how JERSEY GIRL wrapped up . Ladies , do not have sex before marriage if you want a man who will respect you!Maybe I will watch the rest of JERSEY GIRL some day .
 First the movie in it self was n't bad , BUT the fact that it was said to be a family film it is not . Last I checked a family film did have swearing in it all the time . And not to mention the scene about self gradification . I mean come on . Kevin Smith obviously does n't know how to make a family film . I would take my kids to see this movie . And now I heard he 's going to ruin the Green Hornet . He should stay in his own little world of rounchy jokes and stupid sight gags .
 i think this movie is another thrown in one . i dont understand directors these days . all they care bout is makin money and not makin a good movie for the audience . whats up wit Killing Jennifer Lopez anyways . she needs to survive -LRB- ... -RRB- for the movie to actually be worth it . come on now , whats a movie wit out JHOE
 I saw this movie in a sneak preview in the theaters : This movie was soul-suckingly bad . Apocalypse bad . Suicide bad . Pauly Shore bad . Give me a paper cut and rub lemon juice in it bad . It was bad.Here are the good things about the movie :1 . J-Lo dies in the first ten minutes .2 . Ben Affleck was NOT the suckiest thing about the movie .3 . It was not that long.Here are the sucky things :1 . It stars a bizarre-looking little urchin girl . I do n't know if you ever saw `` Twin Peaks '' or the HBO series `` Carnevale '' but it stars a dwarf named Michael J Anderson . If you put a long brown wig on him and dressed him up like a little girl , he would be a twin of this little vixen . She was a revolting little toad , a bad actress , and a worse singer . She sucked my soul .2 . The print was hideous , and this is from a movie not even released yet . Even though it had Vilmos Zsigmond , a fine cinematographer , it looked like each reel was from a different movie , and not a very good movie . At times it was green , washed out , over exposed , and just visually painful . A little bit of my soul was lost here .3 . The editing SUCKED . It ripped out the shreds of what was left of my soul , and the souls of my ancestors . I could see my soul leaving my body and floating up to the ceiling of the theater as I silently screamed .4 . The movie reeked of false sentimentality . If the scriptwriter got paid by the cliche he would be the highest paid man in Hollywood and possibly the world . This screenwriter should be shot , hung , poisoned , drowned , and then killed . Oh wait ... Kevin Smith was the screenwriter . Mr. Parent Boy wrote the screenplay to celebrate the joy he feels at being a father . Note to Kevin
 -LRB- ... -RRB- . Many people -LRB- aside from me -RRB- failed to keep from laughing out loud at his most poignant scenes -- he 's just completely unbelievable . Liv Tyler gives a nice performance , and the bit parts of Steven Root are quite funny . But at this point , George Carlin is not the funny man he used to be , but just a bitter old man.I truly hope Kevin Smith does n't feel like he 's got to keep casting Ben Affleck . I 'd like to be able to enjoy his films again . This was complete garbage from start to finish .
 Jersey girl had WAY too much crudeness in it ! The Father of the little girl was ignorant and had no right to keep that child ! In real life the child would have been taken away from him . This movie is totaly STUPID ! I do not recomend this so called funny , Cute movie to ANYBODY ! Liv Tyler was very pretty and always does a good acting job , but i liked her WAY better in The Lord of the Rings trilogy .
 SPOILER AHEAD .1 -RRB- I moved several times before age 10 , and you forget about your old friends and make new ones very fast . So the fact that Ollie would n't move because of his 7 year old is ludicrous .2 -RRB- Why could he take the job and commute to NY ? Thousands of people do it everyday .3 -RRB- The romance was too shallow to believe it meant anything to anyone .
 I had the unfortunate experience of being forced to sit through `` Jersey Girl '' while en route from New York City to Boston via bus.Despite being a huge fan of Kevin Smith , I had no desire to see this . Not even his genius could make J.Lo and Ben Affleck palatable.Basic premise
 Ben Affleck -LRB- Dogma , Phantoms -RRB- stars as Ollie , whose wife Gertrude , played by , well you guessed it , Jennifer Lopez -LRB- Out Of Sight , The Cell -RRB- , dies while after giving birth to their daughter and Affleck names her Gertrude after her mother . Affleck is this big music industry publist who loses his job after saying that the Fresh Prince Of Bel Air will make an appearance but Will Smith doesnt show up . So , years later , after Affleck loses his job he 's living with his pop , played by George Carlin -LRB- Dogma , Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back -RRB- and his daughter Gertrude , played by the adorable Raquel Castro , is now 7 years old . Affleck meets video store clerk Liv Tyler -LRB- Lord of the Rings Trilogy -RRB- and they hitch it off . A big disappointment for Kevin Smith who 's always so good at writing this stuff but it , for me , didnt really go anywhere . The opening sequence with the kids in class telling about their parents was a funny scene , one of a few in this movie . Will Smith -LRB- Independence Day , Ali -RRB- shows up later and their 's brief cameos by Matt Damon -LRB- Bourne Identity , Bourne Supremacy -RRB- and Jason Lee -LRB- Tv 's My Name Is Earl , A Guy Thing -RRB- as well ... but the 3 cameos dont even help that the film doesnt work and yeah , well , all I can say for Lopez is she cant act ... and please dont crack a laugh when she dies -LRB- said with sarcastic chuckle -RRB- Also starring Mike Starr -LRB- Tv 's ED , Dumb and Dumber -RRB- , Stephen Root -LRB- Office Space , Tv 's New Radio -RRB- and Jason Biggs -LRB- Anything Else , Loser -RRB- . Too bad for this . Affleck is alright but it still doesnt pick him up from what the dreadful Gigli dropped on him . Hopefully Affleck finds resurrection soon ... even Surviving Christmas was horrible and let 's not forget Paycheck ... I did .
 The good thing I can say about the movie is that I laughed once or twice.Ok , now on to the bad things . The plot was shaky at best . The forced humor often missed and was not funny . There were many inappropriate situations including when Liv Tyler kept talking about Ben Affleck watching -LSB- ... -RSB- , then throwing herself at him by offering him meaningless sex . Then there was the EXCESSIVE language . Ugh.NOTE TO PARENTS
 Kevin Smith writes a `` grown up '' script that is almost Disney , Ben Affleck squanders his talents yet again -LRB- the guy has a brain , why does he only play stern or endearing ? or loutish . -RRB- Affleck 's character acts grown up -LRB- conservative , altruistic -RRB- at a moment in his real life when he was really struggling with growing up issues -LRB- ie settling down with jHo -RRB- , which makes this film interesting only as an artifact of tabloid culture . The people who made this film are too happy to be interesting .
 `` Jersey Girl , '' Kevin Smith 's first foray away from Jay and Silent Bob , is a father 's story . Smith , a new parent when he wrote it , had feelings about his experience that he wanted to share - how a reluctant single father , played by Ben Affleck , sees his life change because of a child and how he comes to embrace it . That part of the film rings true . And there are touching moments regarding how he deals with his seven-year-old girl 's questions about sex . And Affleck 's performance is better than usual.However , much of the film is completely mundane , featuring movie cliches that are so tried and true that you 'll often know where `` Jersey Girl '' is going before it gets there . For instance , when you hear the daughter in the film mention her `` school play , '' you know something 's going to happen to keep her father from getting there on time . After a downright wacky elementary school performance of `` Sweeney Todd '' -LRB- that no authority figure organizing the event seems completely aware of until it 's onstage -RRB- , the shocked audience proceeds to `` slow clap '' their way into a standing ovation.And the movie 's essential conflict at the end is between a father 's ambition to be something other than a garbageman and loving the quirky life that he and his daughter already have , so the conclusion is far from surprising . -LRB- My problem with this film and other movies who pose this conflict , like `` Sweet Home Alabama , '' is because few in Hollywood really picked the small town life , though they make movies about people who do . -RRB- There was a Q&A ; with Kevin Smith after the screening I attended , and the Q&A ; was far more entertaining than the film . Smith , who has done edgy films confronting homosexuality and religion in the past , makes his most Hollywood-ized film here .
 I started the film with the feeling that I was going to see the 1000th romantic comedy of the year . Affleck and Lopez together again , but was n't Liv Tyler the main female character?After a good start , the first strange thing arises
 I used to think everything Kevin Smith touched was gold . I even loved his interview DVD . I even liked Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back -LRB- although I am not big on the `` toilet '' humor aspect of the View-Askew productions - ... and yes there is A LOT more to them than that -RRB- . I have now changed that opinion , because this movie is the biggest piece of garbage since ... well , any J-Lo film -LRB- which is how I will classify this film in my mind so Kevin can keep his perfect record -RRB- . I could spend a lot of time going on about how absolutely predictable and cliche every single scene of this film was , or about how abysmal the acting was - except for George Carlin 's performance which was great -LRB- sorry to the rest of the positive reviewers but Raquel Castro 's performance was good , but not worth the pants-wetting the others seem to give it -RRB- . Instead I will say that if you are trapped in a video store for all eternity and you 've already forced yourself to watch `` Crossroads '' with Brittany S then at least do yourself the favor of fast forwarding this train-wreck of a film to Will Smith 's cameo for the cute -LRB- and totally cliche -RRB- ending . Now go out and buy all of Kevin Smith 's other movies because they ARE worth the 4 or 5 star ratings .
 ** 1/2In the sensitive-man comedy `` Jersey Girl , '' Ben Affleck plays a Type-A public relations exec in Manhattan whose young wife -LRB- Jennifer Lopez -RRB- dies in childbirth , leaving him to raise their newborn daughter on his own . Overwhelmed with grief , Ollie is at first unable to provide the fatherly love and attention his little girl needs and deserves . However , when he loses his job , Ollie realizes that it is she who must come first in his life , so he moves in with his father in New Jersey and takes a maintenance job with the city . Fast forward some seven years to find Ollie and Gertie leading a relatively idyllic existence , except that Ollie has chosen to remain celibate all that time . Enter Maya , a madcap video store proprietor who slowly but surely reawakens his interest in carnal and romantic relationships.Although the movie has a certain sweetness and charm at times , `` Jersey Girl '' is pretty thin , standard-issue stuff , with the screenplay too often deflecting into sitcom silliness and feel-good sappiness . It even succumbs to the single hoariest clich&eacute; in films about parent/child relationships
 Well by the time this film was made , The public had had enough of when these two were going to get married or not . Actually the fact that they both are disfunctional human beings might answer that question , so if you can get around that and just look at this movie , It 's horrible . The young girl who was the daughter could not act and is just annoying . The death of her mother in the movie was rather tasteless and the rest of the film where Ben makes out with Liv Tyler 's character just makes you want to say `` Oh Gross . `` In the time since this film was made , Kevin Smith ; s movies seem to draw fewer and fewer crowds and maybe he 's becoming like James Cameron , the fire was there and now it 's gone . The film maker rose too fast and now he is falling down , maybe to never get up again , at least not fully .
 Ben Affleck plays a succesful career man whose wife dies in childbirth , leaving him to raise their baby daughter . He loses his high-powered job and finds himself living with his crusty but lovable father , meets spirited but lovable Liv Tyler , and discovers -LRB- surprise , surprise -RRB- that love is more important than success.This is an extremely dull film , with almost nothing in it to amuse or interest . There is a briefly entertaining cameo by Will Smith , but it is over all too quickly . The finale , where father and daughter do a duet from the musical ` Sweeney Todd ' at the school pageant , causing the headmistress to faint with shock , raises a faint smile , though one could n't help wondering , where was she when rehearsals were going on ? It 's hard to believe that this bland and almost instantly forgettable film came from the makers of ` Dogma ' . A great disappointment .
 `` Jersey Girl '' is not very good at all . What the hell was Kevin Smith thinking with this movie ? The thing is all over the place . It 's completely unbalanced , and the acting is less than stellar . Ben Affleck should not have to show any range of emotions in movies . He should always just be the charming , funny guy . When he tries to act , it 's like watching a foal take her first steps . The effort is really cute to watch , but the result is just awkward and only resembles real acting in the way that stumbling resembles walking . No wonder Matt Damon has distanced himself from this ass-clown . So many horrible mixed messages . So many horrible montages set to poignant music meant to take the place of actual storytelling and acting . At least the music is good . The Cure , Aimee Mann , Ben Folds , etc. . Also least Liv Tyler is cute and engaging . However , the Affleck/Tyler flashbacks to the horrible `` Armageddon '' almost negate her energetic performance . Oh well , at least she took her shirt off.It would have been a much better movie had they just gone ahead and done the full `` Sweeney Todd . '' Their production was fabulous -LRB- even though it was just one more complete lapse in reality -RRB- . Kevin Smith owes me 2 hours of my life back . Jerk .
 `` Jersey Girl '' was vastly overshadowed by the presence of ex-lovers Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck . But I do n't think that Lopez 's complete absence would have saved this mediocre , unfunny romantic comedy by Kevin Smith . Liv Tyler sparkles in her scenes , but Affleck 's usual blandness permeates the paint-by-numbers script.Ollie -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- is a successful publicist , and he finds true love when he falls in love with Gertrude Steiney -LRB- Jennifer Lopez -RRB- . But during the birth of their child , Gertrude dies of an aneurysm . Heartbroken , Ollie develops a short fuse , and launches into a Will Smith-related rant during a press conference for Will Smith . He 's fired . Fast-forward seven years -LRB- in which Affleck does n't age at all -RRB- . Ollie is still lonely and unhappy , and looking for new work so he can support Gertie Jr. -LRB- Raquel Castro -RRB- . He runs into Maya -LRB- Liv Tyler -RRB- , a budding sexology major who asks him masturbation questions . Despite the awkwardness , Ollie gets to know the beautiful Maya better , and learns that he can fall in love a second time ... During the filming and release of this movie , all the hype was on `` Ben and Jen -- Together Again ! '' -LRB- P.R. poetry -RRB- . This left female lead Liv Tyler to stand in the shadows . It 's a shame , because Tyler is one of the few bright points of this tepid film . Unfortunately , not her presence nor the massive hype could keep this from flopping like a convulsing fish.Basically , `` Jersey Girl 's '' biggest flaw is that it 's formulaic -- after Gertrude dies , viewers will be able to guess every single plot development , right up to the ending . Smith gives it a few twists , like Maya 's weird sexual moments , but these feel like they were pasted in to give the script an edge . And the humor is the stuff of sitcoms , like Gertie finding Maya and Ollie in the shower . It feels like Smith was n't really trying , as if he were getting a bit lazy.Ben Affleck displays the charisma and acting presence of a Ken doll . Nuff zed . Liv Tyler distances herself from elf Arwen by playing a naughty girl who learns about the sweeter side of men ; it 's a weird role , but Tyler makes it surreally charming . Lopez appears just long enough to be annoying , and her mini-me Raquel Castro displays the irritating cutesiness that 99 % of child stars have.A predictable romantic comedy that is n't very funny , `` Jersey Girl '' is redeemed mainly by a few fitful comic moments , and Tyler 's weirdly charming Maya . Otherwise , it 's just another bland movie to watch when all the good ones are taken .
 Despite some brief moments of brilliance -LRB- e.g. , you show me yours I 'll show you mine , and a brief encounter between Ben and another well-known star -RRB- this movie is mundane and tedious , and Ben 's acting has never been worse . Very disappointing film from Kevin Smith . Should have been a made-for-TV movie .
 i 'm sorry to say this because Kevin Smith is one of my favorites and i 'm a true fan so i gave this movie a shot too bad it was pretty terrible . I 'm sorry but please miss this movie wait for Clerks 2
 I think this movie is truly a fantasy movie for the women who grew up in trailers in this country . Which guy in the right mind would actually give up his career that he worked so hard all his life just for some low-class , broke , uneducated woman that ran into his $ 70,000 car ? On top of that , this movie portrayed this woman to be a `` sweet , innocent '' working class girl from Jersey who is not after his money ? Who are they kidding here ?
 This movie is so predicatable , boring and such a clich&eacute; ! So not Kevin Smith at all . Which is what I expected , but I still watched it openly . But it was just so awful , trust me - skip on this one , you wo n't regret it .
 This movie was equally demeaning to the actors and the audience . Start with Working Girl , substitute New jersey for Staten Island , then take away the plot , the character development and just about everything else and you 're left with the big hair and a plotless love story . Jamie Gertz has had much better material to work with and Dylan McDermott 's primary mode of expression in this role is a lazy smile . Give the actor some dialogue ! The ending was so contrived that there 's no reward for sticking with this movie to the end . You know how it will turn out just from reading the marquis .
 The basic idea of this story is good
 I am shocked and amazed that some people out there actually thought this was a good movie.First off , the scenes between Jennifer Lopez and her ex beau Ben Affleck should have been cut out completely . It was painful to watch , and not because it was an `` emotional '' story line , but because they are both terrible actors . Seeing them together playing house just made the whole moviegoing experience very awkward.Also , what director 's handbook was this guy Kevin Smith reading from -- `` 1 . In a sentimental scene between two characters it is necessary to focus the camera on the head shot of the character that is speaking and go back and forth between characters making your audience annoyed and dizzy . '' Perhaps Smith just had to do this in order to redo shots over and over again , because his pathetic actors could not get their lines straight.To prove to you how terrible Affleck 's acting was in this movie let me describe this scene for you -- Affleck is having an `` emotional '' moment with his newborn daughter telling her how much he misses her mom -- Affleck 's strain to try and cry mixed with his whiny delivery caused me to burst out laughing , and then several other people in the audience could n't help but laugh at it as well.Seriously Ben , what the hell happened to you . I could have sworn you were good at some point , or perhaps I was just to young to see how terrible it really all was.This movie made me feel very victimized . I am ashamed that I actually just gave these people my money.The only good things in this movie were George Carlin , and Ben Afflecks good looks.But unfortunately they did not make up for this overall painful , regretable experience .
 The first was , not to jump on the film critic bandwagon , Jersey Girl . For those of you that know me , I am normally one that will give a film the benefit of the doubt before jumping onto the bandwagon with the rest of the critics . Normally , this is how you find some great films . You get past what those that are paid to speak highly or negatively about a film say and you watch it yourself . That is why I had to rent Jersey Girl before I could fully say that it was a bad film . So , I watched it , and well ... it was a bad film . Have you ever seen those documentary nature programs that slow down time to show you exactly where the prey went wrong before the predator captured it ? I think I can pinpoint exactly when Kevin Smith 's decision to make Jersey Girl was bad . I do n't even think I need slow motion . The fact that he used , not only J-Lo and Bennifer in the same scenes -LRB- during their moments of glory together -RRB- , but he also used America 's favorite `` hug-able '' actor , Will Smith to play the part of Bennifer 's conscious . It was a low blow for us Clerks fanatics and a lower blow for Smith -LRB- whichever one you wish to choose -RRB- . I always believe that you should try something before making your decision , but with this film ... I say skip it and return back to a time when Smith -LRB- again , either one -RRB- was funny and his style of filmmaking was all his own.I can now officially say that Kevin Smith has sold out . I was worried with Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back that too much money would make him greedy and forget his roots . I was slightly wrong because Strike Back did make me laugh and continued with his hysterical developed characters . We have grown up with Kevin from his first film all the way until his recent release of Jersey Girl , and I must say that if I were a best friend of the man , I would have to slap him across the face . What happened with this film ? When did it become cool for a very independent and radical director step forward and make a film that was nothing more than a refurbished Hollywood production . I have seen films like this before , and I never thought I would live to see the day when Kevin Smith 's name would be attached to one . I understand that he wanted to give praise to his father , but by going outside of his patented signature design is not paying your full respects . This was a classic case of Hollywood handing Smith more money than he knew what to do with and Smith bowing down to the masses . I argue about this in so many other films that it really saddens me to see Smith fall into this category . Where has Kevin Smith gone?So , where are the problems in this film ? Will Smith is a major one . It was completely unnecessary to use America 's favorite actor to be the Jimminy Cricket of the film . I saw that scene coming from a mile away . The only people who were shocked were the teenie-boppers in the front that just love Will Smith . It nearly made me want to vomit . Where was the Kevin Smith humor , the intellectual conversation , or even the audio jokes ? Nothing that made Kevin Smith the director he is today was in this film . I realize that he wanted to get away from the world he created with Clerks , but did he need to abandon all that was good and sacred and literally sell his soul to corporate Hollywood ? I was hoping that the answer would be `` no '' , but sadly it was `` yes '' . Add to bad direction and an uncreative story some bad actors and you have Jersey Girl pretty much summed up . I first had the feeling -LRB- within the first twenty minutes -RRB- that this could be a drama and perhaps it was marketed incorrectly , but that was blown away when Gertrude grew up and there was that classic `` running to save someone '' scene near the end . Affleck was horrible as the crying guy that is full of rage and emotion . I hate when actors cry and there is just one tear coming from one eye . This was yet another cliched moment brought to you by Kevin Smith . Lopez was horrible and one-dimensional . She was a pivotal point to this film , she could have at least tried acting for once . George Carlin was boring . He just was n't as funny as I thought he was going to be . The cameos were interesting , but nothing to write home about . Then we have Liv Tyler . Smith possibly made the worst choice ever to cast her as the female leading role . Her randomly sexual moments seemed forced and uncollected . Her connection with Affleck was completely Hollywood and the chemistry seemed to be concocted by leftover Meg Ryan films . How can a director say that he wants to move away from the Clerks world , yet still use actors that were all his other films ? It just did n't work . In fact , I can safely say that nothing worked in this film.If you are a fan of recycled Hollywood films , this is possibly going to be your homerun for the evening . If you are a fan of Smith and are looking for any redeeming value , do not see Jersey Girl.Shame on you Kevin Smith . I deserve money back on this film.Grade
 This movie had the what it took to be a big block buster I believe . The story is beautiful and i was amazed . The acting how ever did not hold up to the story . I think it is a shame they did n't pick people who could make this movie big . There are parts that you know if they had the right actor would have been halarious . But they were not because of the actors . I have nothing against ben or liv it was just not their movie . I have seen others with them and have enjoyed .
 Poor acting all around , Horrible storyline . Do yourself a favor and pass this one up . You 'll thank me .
 An obnoxious attempt to make a screwball comedy
 Ben Affleck stars as Ollie , a self centered man whose wife dies in childbirth ... -LRB- Come on Hollywood , I think more fictional character 's wives die in childbirth than every happens in real life -RRB- , leaving him custody of their only Child.This story covers how Ollie goes from being an insufferable bigshot to the same insufferable character , this time , also a has-been . I honestly expected this film to be a romantic comedy when I rented it . Instead its a long tedious drama filled with Ollie 's brow-beating and self-centered behavior . I found Ollie 's love interest -LRB- the video clerk -RRB- , to be quite annoying . The little kid was a good actor and reminds me of Alyssa Milano at that age.I ca n't honestly recommend this flick . I was bored and wanted to see Ollie 's character come around a lot sooner . Instead , he was a total loser until the very end . Boring . 2 stars for some good acting on the father ` pop 's ' part , but I 've deducted 3 stars for the sheer banality of the entire thing .
 When I was a kid , me and the neighbor kids got together and decided to make a movie one day . We used a camcorder that their parents owned , and used their back yard as our set . Ketchup was blood . Ikari is several orders of magnitude better than what we produced . That does not mean that this is a good film , however . The narrative is not bad . The rest is . I am a fan of anime , and in the context of anime , this does n't measure up , despite the creators ' best intentions . I feel like I could have done something better with the eighty or so minutes I spent watching . Sorry , I had high hopes . Fans of anime looking for a live action approach should try the subtitled version of Kung Fu Hustle . Yes , it 's produced by a big studio with a lot of money , not a noble indie film maker . The fact remains that Kung Fu Hustle is a good movie , and Ikari is n't .
 slow and boring not good acting skill at that time.keshia still needed time to grow in this film but it was a good effort
 I have never seen this version but I love the original . I remember watching it on HBO when it came out in 95 . I hope it comes out on DVD or at least a VHS will somehow appear on Amazon.Plot Outline
 kinda funny when there are funny parts.some parts can be just way too stupid.this is not the best SNL movie . `` Superstar '' is.that one was stupid but at least it was funny unlike this one
 Wayne 's World was funny in 1992 , but now , not so much . The jokes and references are stale , and often redundant . What a shame . I thought this would be a timeless piece . I WASTED my money buying it , thinking that it would still be funny , but this has to be one of the most unfunny pieces of trash out there . DATED .
 Funny movie , but this is so dumb I can just give it two stars . That does n't mean I did n't like it , trust me I did . But it 's not a serious film so ... Dana Carvey is hilarious as always , where has he gone ? He has so much talent . Sequel is just about the same , almost better with the help of Chris Farley .
 when i finally recieved the dvd it did not have a case , just the disc . i feel ripped off paying money and not getting the whole package i expected .
 I purchased this product believing that I would receive a working DVD , CD . I was deeply disappointed with this transaction.Susie Wang
 As a kid growing up in the 1950 's I always wanted to see the movies we kids were n't old enough to see . -LRB- Anybody remember `` Mom and Dad '' ? -RRB- . After seeing this compilation , I have to say we did n't miss very much ! Thanks to the weirdos at Something Weird Video for making these rarities available but overall these are some of the most boring films I 've ever seen in my life . The two features are incredibly bad and the shorts are even worse ! `` A Virgin in Hollywood '' -LRB- not even a hint of nudity ! -RRB- and `` Too Hot to Handle '' -LRB- a filmed burlesque show which even includes those lame baggy pants comedians ! -RRB- are the features and the numerous shorts with dancing babes in G strings and pasties will put you to sleep in a very short time . Several shorts and two inserts on `` Virgin in Hollywood '' are in poor anaglyphic -LRB- red/green glasses -RRB- 3-D . 40 minutes of burlesque trailers are the best thing on the disc . Thanks to Mike Vraney at Something Weird for pulling this stuff -LRB- some 7 hours on 2 discs !!! -RRB- out of the trash can just for it 's historical value but if you are looking for cheap thrills or even laughs , forget this one . Billy Bob says do n't check it out !
 HI , WE VIEWED THIS FILM AND IT WAS THE ABSOLUTE WORST BURLESQUE FILM I HAD EVER SEEN . THE QUALITY WAS VERY BAD AND IT WAS ABSOLUTELY BORING !!!
 Well , what was I expecting ? Pretty horrible movie . Jenny McCarthy is hot of course , but she is so `` not hot '' in a lot of the situations she puts herself in . Carmen Electra is incredibly annoying . I understand it 's a comedy that relies on gross-out factor , but most of the situations are so overdone that it just makes you uncomfortable watching them .
 This movie is so bad it 's embarrassing . After watching this I would have thought jenny mccarthy could never show her face in public again , but good for her no one saw it . I ca n't recall a worse movie since the gingerdead man , and that was pretty bad . I wondered if gigli was worse but good for me I never saw it . What 's crazy is I actually expected more out of this . I do n't know , I expected maybe to laugh once ? Or even turned on . It 's just not funny . On any levels . And it 's not sexy . It 's actually fairly tame . One scene of nudity ? Serious ? There 's some pretty gross out scenes too . Like in the supermarket buying tampax , that was really bad taste . I guess I thought it would be dirtier as far as sex and nudity and that would have saved the movie . But it did n't . Nothing could save this movie . It was just flat out bad.Now when she wrote this , who in their right mind reviewed the script and thought , we HAVE A WINNER HERE ! That they actually took the time for production and costs and film this . They must have been out of their mind . It 's like a 14 year old wrote it . Terrible acting . The directing . WTF ? Where are you filming ? And carmen electra deserves some of the biggest criticism . I was looking forward to seeing her . When I looked on the back of the DVD and saw her dressed wannabe gangsta I thought maybe that was a joke scene , I did n't think that would be her whole charecter . This has got to be the stupidest piece of crap ever .
 This movie is beyond bad . It 's not bad in a guilty pleasure way either ; it is just plain awful . Jenny Mccarthy wrote and stars in this picture , which , is completely devoid of anything remotely resembling comedy . While it is crass and gross and full of sex and toilet jokes that is not what accounts for the absence of laughs ; first off , most of the performers over-act , Ms. McCarthy most of all ; the story and characters are poorly drawn and two-dimensional ; and most of all , Ms. McCarthy 's confidence in her own comedic genius -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- is so prevelant , that in every scene she 's practically screaming to the audience , `` Look at me , I 'm funny , really funny . '' I do n't know if having her husband direct her , or not direct in this sense , allows her to run unrestrained , over-playing every scene , squeezing any real laughs from the movie , or just her obvious huge ego . Maybe she 's better with other writer 's material , though veiwing her other movies sadly proves otherwise . My vote for the most boring , laughless movie ever .
 If I could give this a zero , I would . There are lots of close-ups of Jenny McCarthy with over the top facial expressions , Kathy Griffin is really wooden in her cameo , Carmen Electra is embarrassing as white woman trying to be `` ghetto '' , and there is absolutely no plot . Rent this so your only regret would be the wasted 90 minutes and $ 4 .
 the acting was So atrocious i had to stop it 5 minutes in and go throw up . once my head had cleared i was sure i had lost 25 IQ points and if i had forced myself to endure it to the lame end a turnip would be considered a genius when compared to what was left of my mind . they need a scale that goes into the negative to properly rate this.SAVE YOURSELF!SKIP THIS ONE !
 How did anyone give this five stars ? Terrible movie , I want my time back . The writing was terrible , the acting was terrible , the plot was terrible , everything was just ... terrible .
 This movie is so horrible -LRB- thank god it was a free rental and I did n't spend a penny on it -RRB- . Jenny has never looked worse as an actress . To even call her an `` actress '' does a disservice to the word . I am not exaggerating when I say that a High School Drama Club making an unscripted home movie with their videocamera would 've made a better movie than this one . Jenny and her husband -LRB- the director -RRB- should never be allowed to appear on film again . If you 're curious to see just how bad this movie is and decide to rent it
 Ten seconds into this movie I could tell it was going to be really , really bad . I do like Jenny McCarthy ; I think she is a very good slapstick actress -LRB- read
 The only reason I watched this movie all the way through is because I got it on pay-per-view , and I wanted to get at least * something * for my money . I should have saved my time - it 's absolutely horrible ! Jenny McCarthy 's acting is over-the-top and annoying . Carmen Electra is kind of funny , but not enough to warrant watching this . Whoever agreed to make it should be ashamed !
 I ca n't believe that I actually watched most of this incredibly awful movie even if I was on the treadmill at the time . It was still a waste of time . The acting is horrible and yes , I do get the point of this movie . Gross out , over done humor . Do n't waste your time even on the treadmill .
 This is one of only a handful of movies that I have been unable to finish . I have been enjoying movies for 50 + years in all genres but this movie only fits one genre ... trash ! No redeeming qualities whatsoever . I watched the first 20 minutes in a state of disbelief as my mind began to shrink from having to assimilate this piece of cinematic crap . Twenty-one of 101 people who have written reviews thus far agree with me and for the other 80 individuals who saw something in this movie ; all I can say is , no wonder America is falling apart from within .
 This was one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I shut it off early.Bad acting , stupid plot , boring , trash , etc. . Too much whining and shrieking.All of the female characters were STUPID and annoying ! Grow up !
 Jenny McCarthy is a poor actress . I really do n't care about autism or vaccines or Jim Carrey . She is just a bad actress plain and simply . This movie is a just a waist of money and time . It 's failure of both script and actress .
 This has to be the worst movie ever made . Skanky . Crude . Worthless waste of time . No story line , poor acting , and what they call humor is just endless vulgar rants and trashy people trying to hook up . And they ca n't even do that well . Blech .
 I am sorry , I would n't give this movie one star . It 's so horrible that it is funny . Did this movie make any money ???
 Miss McCarthy should have stuck with modelling for Hugh Hefner , because every movie I 've seen her in has been pretty much a disaster.Placating to the teen-girl to 20-something female raunch dem , McCarthy 's offering is truly beyond description . Foul , bad taste , a poorly written script with no real plot nor story , this film goes from one aimless vignette to another.It reminds me of some of the brainless teen trash made in the 80s . It 's that bad.I imagine blue collar teen to twenty-something girls will like it , but , well , that says a lot about how that demographic 's been bastardized by this junk.Avoid .
 I just rented the movie the other day , mainly just to see hot Carmen Electra , and no Jenny is n't hotter , the other viewer is wrong . The movie sucked from the begging to the end , Jenny McCarthy was annoying and Carmen was acting like typical ghetto hispanic women which I did n't like to much , but still got ta give her credit cause she was good at it . Atleast Eddie Kaye -LRB- Amercian Pie -RRB- lucky son of a gun got payed to do this crappy movie and got to make out with Jenny . One Lucky dude that 's all I got to say . The BEST part in the movie is when Jenny McCarthy shows her 's nice rack for couple of seconds that 's about it .
 Beautiful women with a 2 star story . The romance was helped by fantasy to the right ending . Worth the price .
 Hot chicks make the movie bearable . The story is horrible as is the acting . There are some funny bits throughout the movie . I would n't pay to watch this , but for free and at 3am it was OK .
 This movies is ok . But just that ! It is a comedy through exaggerated . The end is pretty much predictable . Good actor though ...
 This movie was just about as incredibly crude as it could possibly be . It had some funny parts but some of the parts were so crude they just about made you turn your head in disgust -LRB- check out the `` that time of the month '' gag ... with the emphasis on GAG -RRB- . Jenny McCarthy again proves again that her sense of humor is warped , horrible and most of the time over the top to the point of being not funny .
 I 'll admit that I ended up renting `` Dirty Love '' out of desperation . I like Jenny McCarthy , but something about the movie seemed like it might be trying too hard . And as it turns out , that 's exactly why I 'm not recommending this movie.McCarthy stars as Rebecca , a woman who was recently cheated on by her supermodel boyfriend . She proceeds to have a very public but not very funny nervous breakdown . She enlists the aid of some friends , headed up by Carmen Electra in a borderline offensive role , and Eddie Kaye Thomas of American Pie fame , who is very good in spite of his surroundings . He pines for Rebecca , but she only sees him as a friend . How original.The fact that the plot is very thin would be forgivable if there were some good laughs . I could n't even muster a chuckle . McCarthy is beautiful and talented , but this movie just does n't work . Final Grade
 The missus watched this at the behest of a friend . She begged me to rate this poorly . So , here we are .
 Not funny at all . She `` over acts '' the whole movie while crying , screaming , and whyning ... if you 're hoping to see a sexy Jenny , forget it . Instead , we are subjected to her bodily functions , one after another -LRB- I wo n't go into details -RRB- .
 This movie is so absurdly boring ! Could not watch it past minute 15 . Between the lack of plot and the insanely high pitched screams and sobs , the happiest moment was when I finally said
 OMG ! How could anyone release this thing ? Not one humorous line in nearly 7 minutes ?!?! It became literally painful to watch .
 Expected a bit more from a movie that made it on the chart as high as it did . Maybe that 's the problem , that people were high when they rated it higher than a 1 star movie . Could only handle about the first 10 - 15 minutes . Of that Carmen Electra had the best acting out of all of it . This is time of my life that we wo n't be able to get back .
 I did not make it very far through this movie . Even if you think Jenny is attractive -LRB- she 's not -RRB- then you still should n't watch this movie . Thankfully amazon prime gives it to us for free .
 Crude rude & unbelievable that ANYone would find this entertaining did n't watch more than 10 minutes . UGH . Do n't waste your time .
 Hollywood at it 's worst ; I want to puke , who are those people rating it 5 star , findind it hilariously funny , instead of crying for America 's future , unless they are smoking ... Are n't they all do in cA ? Scary . America deserves better ... Is that a kind of stuff you got from Amazon for free ?
 Both Carmen and Jenny could have saved this movie but instead tried to act in this movie . In doing so they made it impossible to enjoy .
 I wanted it to be funny . I was crap . Not a lot good things to say , glad it was free . I stopped watching when she had her period at the supermarket and ran all over the store leaving a trail .
 do n't waste your time , have n't seen such a bad movie in a while . Skip this one , there are other better options , there is n't even hot chicks .
 `` This movie is so bad it 's embarrassing . '' I agree . This movie was ridiculous and boring and I really did not care how it ended .
 Please do n't waste your time ... It starts bad and gets even worse.I took 30minutes and stopped at the scene where a fish stuck in a mans a. . So please - should n't be there a minimum on intelligence and ethics ???
 I had to stop it at the catwalk part , where he vomited on her boobs . It was all really idiotic and quite dull . Doing nothing was more entertaining
 This is officially the WORST movie I have ever seen in my ENTIRE life !!!!!! Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeez words can not begin to describe !!!!! wow ! what an experience . I feel almost brain dead now !!!!
 The characters in this movie are one-dimensional and uninspiring . Jenny McCartney might have been funny with a decent script , since she seems to excel at slap-stick comedy . However , not only is the constant barrage of potty humor NOT funny , is in poor taste . Furthermore , her acting is over the top . It is difficult to empathize with her character , who comes across as shallow and completely self-involved . Carmen Elektra is atrocious in her part . I should have turned this movie off after the first fifteen minutes , except I found it difficult to believe that anything could be this bad . I kept waiting for the movie to redeem itself . Well , it never happened .
 I will say that unless you just want to see some poor acting by some shallow modern day hack women , and you dont want to have to pay for this movie , then give it a shot . There is some decent TNA by Jenny McCarthy , but like the other reviews said the acting is deplorable and story line simple and poor . Its best to watch this movie when you are somewhat inebriated in order to enjoy the humor . I was stone sober and got 1 or 2 laughs out of it . I will say the best thing about it was that Kathy Griffen had a very small part in it , as she is just a horrible actress all around .
 This was a movie recommended to me by a friend . I turned it off after seeing a fish imbedded in the lower orifice of one of Jenny 's dates . He yells , `` Touch my bass ! '' over and over . Need I say more ? OK , how about the earlier scene where another of Jenny 's dates throws up on her breasts ? One of the worst movies of the decade .
 Jenny McCarthy has long been one of my favorite ladies since I can remember . This woman is drop-dead sexy , funny , laid-back , down-to-earth , very talented , and she does not take a whole lot serious , did I mention sexy as hell ? I think I did , Anyway , with all that going for her , I was really looking forward to this . So , ya , it sucked , what a let-down . Save for a few comedic moments , it 's rather boring and alot of the jokes are just in poor taste and generally not very funny.Jenny over-acts big time , I 'm thinking she ad-libbed alot of her lines , but since her future x-hubby directed this , he pretty much let her do whatever the hell she wanted to , and that 's not a good thing . She hams it up so bad it 's almost like you can hear her saying , `` everyone look at me , I 'm a superstar , it 's all about me `` When she tones it down she actually delivers a couple of very funny lines , but unfortunately they are far and few between.Carmen Electra co-stars , and she had alot of the same things going for her that Jenny does , just not quite as hot . But she is just wrong in this movie , she tries to be all `` sister '' and we never get a reason why , she 's white , the Sum 41 lead singer even tells her this when he is trying to pick her up in a bar . So , again , like Jenny , Carmen over-acts big time.I mentioned earlier that some of the jokes were in poor taste , and I 'll give you an example . Jenny is on her period , and while shopping , she starts to bleed all over the place , of course both bathrooms are occupied so she is running all over the store , leaking everywhere . So , the manager is over-heard on the intercom asking someone for cleanup everytime Jenny has an accident . Really not funny , in fact , it 's rather gross . In another scene , Jenny goes to some guys apartment after the date and he puts a fish up his ass asking her to please touch his bass , again , big miss-fire . I did laugh a few times , mostly during Kam Heskin 's scenes , she plays Jenny 's ditsy best friend along with Carmen . She is very charming and very cute and hopefully we will get to see more of her in the future . John Asher directs , and I guess right after this he and Jenny filed for divorce , I 'm thinking she watched this and could n't take it . But , to be fair , John shoud n't get all the `` credit '' for this , Jenny McCarthy wrote and produced and also helped with the screenplay.Also , to lure us in , this movie gets the `` unrated '' tag , which is a total joke . I admit , one of the reasons I watched this was hoping for some Jenny and Carmen nudity -LRB- sorry , but what do ya expect ? -RRB- But all we get is a shot of Jenny 's breasts covered in puke , sorry , but that 's not what I was hoping for . It could have easily been an `` R '' ` cuz all we get is alot of crude , very crude toilet humor and alot of bad language . Sorry Jenny , I still am a big fan , but ya should have left this one alone !!!!!! acting ... 1.5 stars , Way to much Jenny and Carmen , not enough Kam Heskindirecting ... 2 stars , Should have been a tad more strict with his scriptspecial effects ... 1 star , Why the Fireworks at the end ??? comedy rating ... 2.5 stars , Very funny , for about 10 minutesquality ... 2 stars , This is a DEJ production , and besides `` Crash '' this Blockbuster based company really make crappy movies !
 horrible acting , could n't watch more than a few minutes , nothing more to say . thank god this was prime and I did n't pay for it .
 While trying the Prime Membership , I thought I 'd watch this movie . I ususally enjoy even the silliest comedies , but this one is n't remotely funny . It 's so bad , I could n't even sit through half of it . You 'd think with two comedic starlets like McCarthy and Electra , at least it would be some eye candy fun , but McCarthy looks exactly like the DVD cover for the first half of the movie , -LRB- when she is n't covered in vomit -RRB- , and Electra plays an annoying ghetto wannabe.Not worth watching , not even for free .
 This is actually a review of Amazon Prime Video service , not necessarily this particular movie . I 've found amazon prime video selection to be embarrassingly bad . Logan 's Run ? Really ? When I clicked on ` most popular ' Dirty Love came up . Seriously ? Most popular ? Ouch . It seemed to me that when I first signed up for amazon prime they had some decent movies licensed . Now the selection is laughable . You might as well go to the library and check out some VHS tapes . Whatever they 're charging for amazon prime now , it 's not worth it .
 Awful , again I say awful !!! I have never seen anything worse . if this is typical of what Amazon Prime instant video offers , Amazon should be embarrassed , and so should Jenny McCarthy .
 I am almost at a loss for words ... this movie was by far the WORST movie I have ever had to watch . My friend forced me through it , assuring me that it got better , but my god ... it only got worse . The overacting was intolerable , and the `` humor '' was atrocious -LRB- and this is coming from a girl who grew up giggling at her brother 's crude humor -RRB- . There are thousands of movies I would recommend over this . Honestly , there is never an excuse to watch this movie ... Do n't bother .
 This movie was ... terrible.I can usually tolerate some pretty stupid stuff , but Jenny and Carmen 's acting in this movie was atrocious . And it was n't funny . At least Eddie is a sweetheart .
 This was a terrible movie . Everyday life is funnier . This is like an overdramatic child with a vulgar set of ideas went loose through the most terrible ideas for a movie you could possibly think of . I could n't bring myself to finish the movie . It was that bad . I am embarrassed for Jenny McCarthy and for all women . Disgrace and wtf and a million other unpleasant disgusted emotions . Do n't bother .
 Why did I waste my time watching this movie ? It was on the first page of popular picks . It was beyond bad .
 This was a total waste of time . Bad acting , worse plot , the most intelligent part is the screams of OMG . Not worth the money that you do n't pay for it .
 This is the first movie review I have ever provided and I write it only to save any other person out there a bit of your life . Skip this movie , it is the worst I 've seen in my life .
 This has to be the worst stupidest movie Ive ever seen and Ive seen them all ! How people are so desperate for money they will take any script is sad , I can not believe someone thinks having your period in a supermarket and bleeding all over the aisles is funny . Save your time and money .
 I 've always thought that Jenny McCarthy was a natually funny person . I think she can be very funny but I do n't think she needs to be in charge of the script . Someone should have been honest enough to stopped her before this movie ever got off the ground . Do yourself a favor and move on to the next movie .
 I really wanted to give this a try , based on the average rating , but I could not tolerate more than 15 minutes due to the high annoyance factor .
 Another ninety minutes blown away through ill-advised curiosity .2005 was a wonderful year for 35mm FujiFilm.What kind of cam rig could you put together for $ 3500 ? Possibly one good enough for Asher to use on his next project .
 wow , this movie had jenny go through unfortunate circumstance after another , but none of them were funny ! the plot was terrible . . everytning was . overall , this movie sucked !
 I did laugh and was mildly entertained and never bored with thisone . The DVD commentary also includes some other storiesthat are also pretty funny and explain some of the pitfalls of an underfundedmovie , which explains some of the end product here , I would think.Of course , I had seen the Ebert & Roeper ; review of this movie beforehandso I was not expecting much . In fact , I was curious about a movie theyfound so terrible . And `` Dirty Love '' is not all that great , it was not as badas I expected either.My wife hated ... HATED ... this film , so I would not call it a `` chick flick '' .
 This has to be , one or THE worst movie ever made . It is totally brain-dead and not funny at all . How old is Jenny McCarthy ? She looks like an over the hill Britney Spears on this train wreck of a movie !
 I ordered this movie and when i got it i went to watch it and it is in black and white half the time ... then there are promotional sayings thru the whole thing alaso some of the sound didnt work on it . So basicly this seller wasted my money ... Thanks alot .
 I thought that I would give this movie a chance when I saw it on Showtime on Demand and thank god , I did n't spend any additional money on it , cause this is a film that pushed the envelope between gross and negligence.I 'll admit that there were a couple of redeeming scenes that did n't feel like it was forced comedy , but the other scenes were clearly garbled and lost and so not funny . ` The TIME OF THE MONTH ' gag was absolutely horrendous and so unnecessary.The sad part of this is I really like Jenny McCarthy as a comedic actress with unique timing . It 's hard to believe that she wrote this script and that it actually got done . I can see why this film practically swept the RAZZIE AWARDS . It 's terrible and none of the actors in this film could n't save this . I give it only a one star more because Carmen Electra 's character slightly had some meaning , but everyone else is drowning in a sea of mess in this film.If you really like GROSS out humor and hearing a lot of `` OH ! MY GOD ! and throwing yourself on the ground , then this is the film you will want to see . Other than that , save your time and energy cause you 're not missing anything .
 I was looking forward to seeing this movie after the write ups I had read about it . I must admit I was highly disappointed . The acting was good , but it was such a cliche storyline . Repressive husband , wife gets tired of it and starts to look for more . I guess I just did n't think it original . I did n't care for the lines or the chemistry between the cast .
 If you are in the market for a romantic lesbian love story - this is not the movie to look to . The movie is 1 hour and 34 minutes long and I could n't wait for it to be over ! I love Lilly Taylor - she was amazing in Mystic Pizza , Who Shot Andy Warhol , Dog Fight , and most recently made a special run during the last days of Six Feet Under . As a Lilly Taylor fan you will be sorely disappointed that she chose this role . This story is about a woman who wants more out of life , but the script is so far fetched in how this transition unfolds . She goes from minimal , menial high school drop out to physicist student extraordinaire in what seems like the span of a semester or two . Granted , the time table could have been better in this film , but that 's only a very small part of it . Every single character in this movie is obnoxious and hard to like with the exception of Taylor . Her husband starts off a sexist , chauvinist and ends the film in much the same way you would just like buy him a clue . Her children are bratty and always shouting they ca n't leave the room or scene quick enough . Her love interest is Courtney Love , and while I love her too - even of late with all of her bad press she 's not likeable either . Courtney Love is probably the worst of them all . Her character is afraid of change , afraid of being true to herself , worries too much about what other people think of her , wants to be accepted at the cost of herself , and as a result runs back to what is familiar to her and in the end it 's okay with her . The only redeeming quality in the movie Julie Johnson is that Julie Johnson did not want to go back to the kind of woman she was before her awakening . She never lost her girlish vulnerability throughout the movie , and although cautiously and at times timidly eventually embraced the changes of her new life with admirable , quiet strength .
 If you are looking for a good lesbian movie then do not pick this one . The movie covers a woman who wants to leave her husband to pursue a career in computers . Her best friend is Courtney love and she too leaves her husband . They kiss in a couple of scenes but it is like two sisters kissing . Movie drags about a woman trying to find a career . Boring ... boring ... boring . I do not consider this a lesbian film !!!
 This movie did n't do anything for me ... Did n't care for the characters or the plot . The ending was disapointing also .
 I was hoping to buy a decent movie about the events surrounding the charge of the light brigade , but instead was bored to tears with drug induced tirade about the evils of war and those evil military men who start wars . Very little if any historical accuracy in this movie .
 This was the worst war movie I 've ever seen.It was hard to sit through and the ending was even worse ... and I like war movies .
 This movie is worth seeing if you are a fan of long movies about military history -LRB- do n't bother if you are n't -RRB- but you wo n't see a thing on Amazon 's version , which is sufficiently blurry so as to be unwatchable . I strongly advise renting the HD version on iTunes instead .
 I am trying to decide if I am going to throw this DVD away . I watched the whole movie . It was the toughest sit through since `` Mosquito Coast '' with Harrison Ford . I do not mind watching a movie that is making the case that war is bad ... war is bad , even though sometimes it is necessary . However , the movie itself jumped all over the place . As another review said , the relationships were poorly built . At first the animated portions of the film were interesting in an artsy way , but they kept coming back and were over used . The battle/war itself should have been more focused upon . The Crimean War was badly fought and this could have been a much better movie if it had shown the poor quality of generalship on both sides instead of just showing the character of the British and French generals .
 This version -LRB- 1968 -RRB- of The Charge of the Light Brigade , is perhaps one of the worst movies it has been my misfortune to watch . The cinematography is bad , the plot line is non-existent , the acting is poor to awful . It does n't even deserve one star , but that 's the least I can give it . If you plan to buy The Charge of the Light Brigade , buy the original 1936 version with Errol Flynn.It starts off slow and terrible and quickly goes downhill . This is one dvd that was a complete waste of money . I do n't say that about very many movies , as I can usually find something redeeming about most movies . This is one that has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . I 've never written a review before , but this movie was so bad , I felt I had to warn people off so they did n't waste their money , as I did .
 The historical situations in building the light Calvary troop was well done , and it was easy to see the differences between the wealthy and everyone else ; it was impressive that the common man did indeed become members of an elite force . Alas , the force was doomed to fail because of the very structure of rich and poor , expectations and experience.How strange it was to see a well-educated and seasoned officer treated poorly because he had been in India . He knew horses and men and how to bond them into a single fighting unit . He knew the strategy of winning a war . Yet , in battle , the generals watched the enemy steal the British guns and allowed it to happen because they could not believe a `` gentleman '' would do this . No one would listen , or look at the obvious theft as a threat.Each of the segues could have been political cartoons of the time used in some of the animations , I do n't know . However , I found these segues laughable and irritating . The romantic triangle sub plot was not developed , but when the `` other man '' was killed , I was surprised.I wanted to experience the historical battle , but came away feeling that they certainly needed Patton in that war . The most telling statement of the war was something like
 I was surely looking forward to another version of this film . This side of the story was suppose to not be as fictional as the older Errol Flynn version . It needed more story line . I found it boring and to much dialog . Thumbs down .
 This film is a piece of historical record , but thats as far as it went.Im sad that the screen writer want to concentrate on forification , as much as did.More explaination of the object -- history would have brought it up to a higher standard.Sorry it didnt go to 3 stars
 Others have written about the storyline so I wo n't get into that here . With a film like this , you anxiously wait for the climax which is of course the charge of all those British into the history books . Save your money and your time . The charge in this version is the biggest dud since Madonna 's film career . You sit there and ask yourself what everyone got so excited about . At least in the version with Errol Flynn you had some semblance of men blindly -LRB- if herocally and stupidly -RRB- charging to their deaths . You do n't even see much here though . The charge itself is a dull cantor with awful editing and by the time its over all you feel is a great let-down . There 's no grand sweep which we expect in films like this and nothing that even comes close to the historic feel the poem about the 600 inspires . Buy the Flynn movie . It may not be history but it 's awfully exciting !
 This is one of the stupidest `` war '' movies ever made . Cheesy character acting , unnecessary side plots that make up 80 % of the movie . They finally get to the Crimea about the last 30 minutes of the movie and show about 20 % of the actual events during that battle in which the Turks fought well but the British floundered . Watch the history channel special on this event and save your money .
 Brilliant depiction of life in the British army during the era of Victoria and Albert presented in bits and gobbets that meander and eventually coalesce in a big field somewhere in Crimea.I enjoyed the historical accuracy as background information to things I have read -- particulary the presentation of the minutiae of a typical soldier 's daily life -- but it seems as if the direction and production teams never really decided if they were doing drama or documentary . The final result is something akin to your first Hong Kong kung fu movie experience
 War is a serious business , but not to the makers of this film who every so often inserted an animation sequence most certainly inspired by those done by Monty Python . Except this is not a comedy . Made in 1968 the anti Vietnam war influence is also in evidence . If you do not like someone who is a history buff this would make a good present otherwise avoid this turkey .
 I did not realize I was ordering VHS tapes and have tried to contact seller for instructions on how to return one item . No response . I 'm ok with keeping one copy of the movie since I still have a VHS player , but I do n't need two copies . It 's a really cute movie , but seriously , no one wants a VHS tape . I ca n't give it away and really just want to return it and get my money back .
 DVD arrived in timely manner . However it turned out to be unplayable because it was made to be played in Europe not U.S. My daughter was heartbroken as this is one of her favorite movies .
 My sister and I love this movie , so I thought it would be perfect to buy so we could watch it together over the holidays . However , it does not play in any of my DVD players in the house . It shows maybe the first 20 minutes and then it just stops . I 'm very disappointed and am now very leery about purchasing anything through Amazon .
 I was unable to play the video . I requested a return and received 1/2 of the purchase price.Next time I will only buy from Amazon sites and pay the higher cost .
 This video could not be read by any of our 3 DVD players nor either of our 2 computers . On the computers it gave us an error about language setting . I am not going to mess with my settings just to accomidate on DVD . I would like to return it if possible .
 Was unable to play in any Dvd player because it did not come in English language . I was able to play in my laptop but had to choose a language to view it in .
 I thought i was getting a dvd i could view in the USA!Unfortunately it was for viewing in China!I was told i would have to pay for shipping to send it back , wow . This was from MovieMars , beware
 I love Christmas movies and was excited to find this one last year . I had never seen it before , but judging from the reviews I guess I expected more . I can think of so many holiday movies with more interesting storylines and more appealing characters . I can see that it would be appealing to preteens . I guess I 've grown tired of scheming kids in movies and though I had no sympathy for the mother 's boyfriend , I was not really entertained by their plot that hijacked him in an ice cream truck and had his car towed away . I love a great holiday comedy , but when I think of the really great ones , I ca n't say that this one comes close . I would have given it 21/2 stars if I could , because I like Lauren Bacall.I just watched it again this week to see if it was any better than I thought it was last year . My copy is going to be donated to a local thrift store . I do n't think I need to see it again .
 `` All I Want For Christmas '' was uniformly trashed by critics when it came out . It was easily one of the worst reviewed films of 1991 . Why oh why did n't I listen to them?The plot is so generic that you know how it 's going to end within the first ten minutes . Two parents are no longer together . The mother has found a new boyfriend . The kids do what they can to ditch the new boyfriend and get the parents back together . With that stale of a plot , the only way it could 've worked out would have been if the acting was filled with passion and the direction evoked as much Christmas magic as possible . That did n't happen.There is not a single heartfelt moment to be found in this film . Not one . I do n't even know where to begin . Thora Birch has turned out to be an impressive actress . However , she is only grating and precocious to the extreme in `` All I Want For Christmas '' . Her brother , played by Ethan Embry , had no character definition whatsoever . His substory involving a teenage romance was underdeveloped and seemed better suited for another film.The adult characters are just as bad . The filmmakers could 've saved money by utilizing cardboard cutouts instead of actual actors . The Mom , Dad , and Mom 's new `` jerk '' boyfriend are shallower than a kiddie pool.I was even put off by the shameless plugging of Ben & Jerry 's ice cream . It 's a sad fact that product placement has been commonplace for a long time now but ... come on ! Do n't they understand that if the product is shoved in your face that it only serves as an unpleasant distraction ? At least their Coca-Cola placement was slightly less obvious.Even Santa would only give this movie to the naughty kids .
 Contrary to those who would contradict Mr. Maltin , this movie is the worst Christmas movie ever made -- possibly the worst movie ever made . Wooden acting , ridiculous story , a leaden love story and unattractive leads made this `` holiday movie '' nearly unwatchable . Save yourself some the money and stick to the old classics ... this one should have gone directly to the bargain bin .
 was a bit disapointed in this series actually , was a bit to try hard for my liking , rather than letting the characters grow and getting to know them it felt very rushed and well boring , sorry
 I could n't make it past the 3rd episode before I had to turn it off . The amount of laws these fake cops break during a episode is unreal . Illegal searches and seizers , extortion , etc etc. . If a law enforcement officer did 1 % of what they do on this show they would be in jail or be in a big civil law suit . If you watch this show remember it is only a TV show . In the real world they do not do this stuff and get away with it .
 This has to be the WORST COP SHOW EVER ! When the main Officer gets her ass kicked on a regular basis and yells `` do n't make me shoot you on my first day '' this is embarrassing for the real cops in BLUE . I ca n't believe a show like Third Watch gets the axe and this crap stays on ? I would not want this DVD set if they paid me to take it!Third Watch
 First off -- if no stars as a rating were available , that is what I would give this show . As some other reviewers with half a brain have noted , this is quite possibly THE WORST COP SHOW EVER . Even tho I purchased the complete first season on Amazon , the pilot episode was SO bad I could n't watch any others . Why is it so awful ? In the first 5 minutes of the show we see the ` Rookies ' -LRB- everyone looking like a GAP model -RRB- drinking & partying like total idiots , having their graduation in a bar . Then we cut to their first day on the job where they spend 90 % of their time with their guns drawn saying `` do n't make me shoot you '' . AWFUL , STUPID , HORRIBLE ! This show is an insult to anyone in law enforcement and to the public they serve . Mind you I have no problem with ` pretty actors ' doing soap opera/drama . But this show is like watching a bunch of adults run around ` playing ' cops & robbers but with real guns instead of toys . With all the great cop shows out their -LRB- the new `` Southland '' is terrific , the `` Shield '' was awesome , Patick Swazey 's last show `` The Beast '' was great -RRB- , you do n't need to waste your time on this poor excuse for entertainment .
 Not worth watching . The very peculiar it does n't even mention in the show where they are and which Police Department . Very Generic .
 I purchased this first series . I found it boring . Not great story telling . Ho hum stuff . I wo n't be buying the second season or even worse , ever watching it on TV.The writers of this series need to inject more edge of your seat excitement . However in this series it fails miserably . It just does not draw you in . The story telling is very lame and just does not grab you enough to want to watch it . I guess I got spoiled watching Blue Bloods . That series rocks .
 Hi Folks , Being a huge fan of the original I missed this in theaters due to negative reviews . . it is n't as bad as they made out ... and is better than much I 've wasted my money on ... all that said ... the SINGLE DISC version is a much better deal in my opinion . . the 5 bonus features on the second disc of this set . . all add up to about 20 minutes !! There is n't a really solid `` making of '' to be found in this deluxe 2 disc edition . There was no need for a second disc for this skimpy bunch of nothing . The Digital copy is truly the ONLY reason for anyone to buy this version and that is what my review is about . There are plenty of reviews of the movie . . but if you do n't need the digital copy . . stick with the single disc edition . . this bunch of truly nothing is n't worth your money . . OH . . I almost forgot the annoying 1st disc special feature with the bonus 62 % more `` laughs '' ... well the reason its annoying is that you ca n't simply choose this version . . -LRB- which would n't make sense anyway as many of the additional laughs were versions of scenes cut or deleted for ones in the movie so we are seeing alternative versions of funny scenes -RRB- but have to have your remote in hand and instead of an icon which shows up on screen the whole picture freezes up and shows you an image of a remote and you then hit enter and see the additional laughs -LRB- or additional attempts at laughs -RRB- . . as if you can even remember where you were in the story after all that ... over and over and over ... really not a viewing option for anyone who is n't overly curious to see all the less than stellar bi-product of the production to understand why those `` laughs '' never made the movie in the first place.I wish I 'd have saved the money and purchased the single disc version.you have been warned !
 Actually , by quite a lot . GET SMART , the movie remake of the 1960s hit comedy series of the same name , is in no way true to the spirit of Maxwell Smart . The original series was cute , warm , and wacky ; a patriotic slap-stick comedy . The modern day movie , GET SMART , is n't even a parody of the TV series ; rather , it is a very pale and hollow interpretation of an American institution.Neither my husband nor I found the movie version of GET SMART to be funny . There were maybe two spots where we actually laughed -LRB- and hence , two stars instead of one -RRB- ; however , most of the time , we never even smiled . Where the original was clever and quirky , the movie is banal and pedestrian , relying on too many insipid off color or fat jokes instead of real humor . Where the first Agent 99 truly cared about Agent 86 , from the first time she met him , this Agent 99 ca n't stand Max and he has to fight to win her approval . Where the original Max was bumbling and lovable , this Max is clumsy , off-putting , and very dull.There are times when a `` stupid movie '' can be really fun . In this case , the stupid movie , GET SMART , is just plain stupid . There is almost nothing to recommend GET SMART . Especially since the villain is clearly telegraphed from the beginning . We definitely will not be watching this movie again . What a disappointment . It could have been a movie worth watching .
 I had expected that I would like this movie because of the cast and the source material . I loved the original Get Smart and thought Steve Carrell was a perfect choice for Max . Turns out the only character I liked was Anne Hathaway as Agent 99 . The rest of it was poorly written and just not enjoyable . I was glad when it was over . A real shame .
 Nobody can belly up to the original ... sad copy . Acting forced ... plot lacked the original ingenuity . I 'm sorry , but I do n't think Steve Carell is funny ...
 I have n't seen one remake of an old movie or TV shows that was nearly half as good as the original . The movie Get Smart is about the worse of the lot . I ca n't begin to understand how anyone can put something this bad together . I would give it -10 stars if possible .
 Mel Brooks movies do fine at the box office , so why do we need to add a bunch of explosions , a competent Kaos , and make Max a highly skilled analyst who only makes mistakes because he is a new agent . The whole premise of the show is violated . That and maybe there were 6 Buck Henry style jokes in the whole movie -LRB- which was too long -RRB- . I 'm sure ` The Rock ' is a nice guy , but he is overexposed at this point.Steve Carell does a pretty good job as Max , he is just not written as a blundering incompetent . I do miss Don Adams voice though . Anne Hathaway is beautiful and has a smokin ' hot body and looks great modeling retro fashion , but she does n't shine in the part of 99 , maybe because Max written this way does n't need a straight wo -LRB- man -RRB- . To sum it up , its just not funny , and it 's not trying to be funny , its trying to be a vanilla action film using an established brand .
 Why does Hollywood persist in producing horrendous remakes of classic TV series ? Because they figure that these efforts are pre-sold commodities , I guess.So here is another in a continuing roster of dreadful films guaranteed to make fans of the original series wince in pain -LRB- others that come to mind include `` Bewitched , '' `` The Avengers , '' and `` Rocky and Bullwinkle , '' to name just three -RRB- . If you 're going to remake a beloved TV series , then for heaven 's sake , make it true to the things that people loved best about the show . For some reason , the hacks who make these movies think that they can improve on the originals , and nine times out of ten , they ca n't . The first problem here is Maxwell Smart himself , as played by Steve Carell . To be fair , Carell had giant shoephones to fill , those of Don Adams , who was pretty much born to play Smart on TV -LRB- and before Smart , an identical Detective character , named Glick if memory serves me , on the Bill Dana show -RRB- . Smart is a classic comic character because , like Inspector Clouseau , he has absolute confidence in his abilities , which are continually shown to be all but nonexistent . The huge gap between his supreme confidence and his staggering ineptitude produces the comedy . In this movie , however , Smart is shown to be a Control analyst suffering from doubt and a midlife crisis . That stance is just wrong for the character.Similarly , as blind as TV Smart was to his incompetence , he was equally blind to his source of greatest good fortune -- the devotion to him shown by the beautiful and extremely competent Agent 99 , who prevails as often as he fails.In the show , 99 's adoration was sweet if misguided . Here , 99 , as played by Anne Hathaway , is shown to be quite put off by Smart 's lack of field experience , and so their relationship starts off brittle and cold , and not at all credible when the couple do warm up by film 's end.As for the humor of the movie , it mostly consists of sadistic sight gags like memos being stapled to people 's foreheads or Max hurting himself with a tricked-out professional-strength Swiss Army Knife . What little wit shines through comes from quotes of the famous catch phrases of the series -LRB- `` Missed it by that much '' , `` Would you believe '' , and the like . -RRB- In place of the original 's sharp characterizations and humor , we get pretty photography of Moscow and one big-budget -LRB- but not very funny -RRB- chase scene . Plus the luscious Anne Hathaway , who deserves much better fare than this . The only extra on the DVD is a handful of alternate scenes ; the ones included in the theatrical release were so painful , I opted not to endure those as well.So if you have n't ever seen `` Get Smart '' on TV , by all means check out the first season of that riotous spy spoof instead . If you have , then do yourself a favor and steer clear of this dog -LRB- and I do n't mean Agent Fang -RRB- .
 This is a cute movie , but if you bought the Get Smart BluRay hoping to use the digital copy it comes with , you 're out of luck . The included digital copy disk expires December 9 , 2009 . Warner Brothers response to my request for an updated key for the digital copy on my brand new disk was this : `` We have researched your issue and this Digital Copy offer has expired . The Digital Copy offer is for a limited time only . The terms of the offer are specifically stated on the outside packaging . The Digital Copy offer is intended to be available for a limited time for discs purchased near the initial release date . `` Bonus points to anyone who can actually find that stated on the packaging . I found it buried in fine print on the digital copy key page inside the case after it was already too late . Guess it 's time to make my own DRM free digital copy ...
 ... . OR , even BETTER , how about NEGATIVE star ratings ?? I grew up watching the original GET SMART ... . I LOVED the show.When I heard that this movie was being made , I was excited.When I heard that Steve Carell had been chosen to play Maxwell Smart , I thought that he was a good choice.He 's NOT my favorite comedic actor , but I thought he 'd do a pretty good job !! I was really looking forward to this movie.BOY , WAS I WRONG ... . AND DISAPPOINTED !!! As I sat in the theater , I was almost in tears.The ONLY amusing scene in the ENTIRE movie was when `` THE ROCK '' stapled a piece of paper to someone 's head . -LRB- I 've had thoughts of doing that to some `` DESERVING '' folks myself from time to time -RRB- Anne Hathaway is a DYNAMITE looking woman , and again I thought she 'd do a great job as agent 99 . BZZZZZZZZZZT -- WRONG ANSWER !!! Apparently , no one can replace Barbara Feldon either.How ANYONE could rate this movie with 5 STARS ... -LRB- Shrug -RRB- How ANYONE could even think that this was actually a FUNNY movie , is totally beyond me.I personally rate it NEGATIVE 20 !!! Except for that one scene with `` The Rock , '' I found NOTHING even mildly amusing . In fact , I had trouble NOT dozing off , BUT I stuck with it and watched EVERY SECOND !!! I will ALWAYS regret that decision.OBVIOUSLY , I sha n't be purchasing this item.In fact , the studio would have to PAY ME to include it in my collection , and they could NOT pay me enough to own this P.O.S. !!! Can you tell how disappointed I am ???
 This is one of the most insipid movies I have ever seen . After about an hour and 20 minutes I completely gave up and left the theater . Whenever I watch the old show I ca n't help but constantly laugh , as much as I tried to do the same with the movie I could not do so once , not once . The only remotely funny joke was the one about Max asking how to get the bad guys to take the cyanide pill he is equipped with and guess what , they took that one right out of an episode I watched a couple of months ago . The theater I saw this was fairly packed and even the usual group in the audience who 'll laugh at anything was pretty silent . Instead of wasting millions of dollars the producers would have provided audiences with a much better entertainment if they had simply pasted together about 4 old episodes . It 's a shame Hollywood can be so good at blowing things up but so terrible at providing laughter and excitement . And regarding Hathaway as agent 99 , my only recommendation to her would be to never again in her life try comedy again , ever . It 's just not for her , period . After watching Carrell as 86 I would do the same thing but I realize this is what he does for a living and he has to live off something . At any rate , something good came out of this experience . By leaving early I was able to reduce the cost of parking to the exact amount of change I was carrying . Guess things could have been worse .
 This is a remake that should have never been done . It lacks the style of the series . It is a wate of time and money watching it .
 Version
 Being a TV obsessed kid in the mid 70 's , my afternoons were usually filled with syndicated shows of the decade before . One of those shows that caught my eye was Get Smart . Started in 1965 , this was a spy comedy as USA 's answer to James Bond but with a comedic flair . Don Adams played Maxwell `` Agent 86 '' Smart , a bumbling yet charismatic spy working for the secret organization Control in the fight against Kaos , the Russian Cold War equivalent . Surrounded by a cast of equally interesting characters including his younger , more competent female partner Agent 99 and his always frustrated in Max 's foolishness boss The Chief . Get Smart was a mix of old-school spy tricks and gadgets with good word-play humor.Now flashing forward over forty-five years later , the Hollywood remake machine once again dips into it 's pockets and pulls out yet another classic for , to put it kindly , modernization . But with today 's technology in special effects , can a new team of actors bring back these spies to a world where the Cold War is a forgotten memory?Just looking at the new cast , you can tell that visually director Peter `` 50 First Dates '' Segal wanted to preserve and respect the original cast in that aspect , and does so very well . Just looking at Steve Carell 's resemblance to Don Adams is uncanny , and with Anne Hathaway -LRB- who 's career is a bit too big now for a role like this -RRB- as Agent 99 and Alan Arkin as The Chief , you 'd be hard-pressed to think of any other actor in these roles today . But one thing noticable to fans of the old series to this film will be that even though they look like the originals , acting-wise they 're nowhere near close . Carell 's Smart is downright dead-panned completely ignoring the standards set by Adams . Once funny lines like `` Would you believe ... '' and `` Missed it by that much '' out of Carell 's mouth lack any humor or flair that Adams gave them week after week . Agent 99 now seems cold and calculated lacking any of the warmth Barbara Feldon originally gave her . And as for The Chief , well he now acts like , well , Alan Arkin , instead of depressingly frustrated with 86 's antics , he 's angry and hot-headed to the point of violence . Add in new cast members like over-acting Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson as Agent 23 , Max 's rival and mentor , and nerdy tech guys Bruce & Lloyd -LRB- who during the production of this film made a spin-off film of their very own -RRB- , something is very missing in this remake . Simply put , this 2008 production is just too weak as a modern day spy film and not funny enough to be a successful comedic parody . It sort of lays flat , playing out as a reminder of how great and entertaining the original 60 's show was . Sure , the Russian scenes are nice -LRB- be it I doubt they were really there on set -RRB- , a couple of the gadgets have a tad of laughs , and the cameos by some famous faces are cool to see , overall this film should land in the `` forgotten remake pile '' with copies of I-Spy , My Favorite Martian , and The Wild , Wild West.As for the disc itself , you can imagine the video/audio quality which is satisfactory for a 2008 film , but my review on the single-disc here should note you do n't get much with just one . The only special feature here is an option to see the film in an `` Expanded 62 % More Laughs '' version with an introduction by Carell . With it , you can see different takes and versions of scenes that already are in the film . However , with this process on other discs instead of a small icon appearing at the bottom corner of your screen , a Flash-like animation takes up the entire picture screaming at you to hit your `` Enter '' button now , and after four or five of these it gets extremely irritating . No wonder they gave this only 62 % , because each alternate take explains why they were n't good enough to make the final cut . The Two-Disc does offer more behind the scenes , but at the cost I doubt they would be worth it when the movie itself is n't really rewatchable.In the end , I can only suggest this to die-hard fans of the original series , as newbies to the franchise will find this too typical and not funny enough . And each true fan should realize that one of the movie 's best accomplishments is that it was made after Don Adams ' passing , so he could n't call Carell on his shoe and say `` Missed it by that much '' . -LRB- RedSabbath Rating :6.0 / 10 -RRB-
 Just terrible . I am old enough to remember the original series , but I was n't really expecting much more of it in this ` remake ' other than the names and some iconic scenes , and I was right . The relationship between Maxwell Smart and Agent 99 has been changed to open hostility , there are loads of extraneous characters that add almost nothing of benefit and in fact detract from the story , and most importantly , Steve Carell just does n't bring the character to life the way Don Adams did . We ca n't decide if Carell 's an idiot or a genius , but with Adams , there was no question . Anne Hathaway does a good job with Barbara Feldon 's role as Agent 99 , but the chemistry between the two is all off . The dialogue is rarely witty , and the humor basically silly physical humor . Certainly Don Adams was a great physical comedian , but I wish this Get Smart had gotten smarter ; I miss Mel Brooks and Buck Henry 's writing . Maybe if you are huge fan of Steve Carell 's and have n't seen the original you might enjoy it , but it was not for me .
 A movie I wo n't miss ------------- weak . Steve Carell can do better work than this . Get some better scripts . I gave the movie to my sister .
 Watching the film , `` Get Smart '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- reminded me of two earlier big budget comedy films , `` It 's a Mad , Mad etc. . World '' -LRB- 1963 -RRB- directed by Stanley Kramer and `` 1941 '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- directed by Steven Spielberg . Both movies had large casts of talented performers , had a ton of money thrown at them and , for the most part simply laid there failing to fulfill their primary goals
 A warning that the Digital Copy disc that comes with this Blu-Ray set will no longer work . It `` expired '' in December 2009 and can no longer be accessed . Just something that should be noted , I think , for anyone buying this Blu-Ray new today.Having purchased it for my son to watch , and wanting to put it on his iPod to do so , was very disappointed that this was n't known prior to purchase .
 Some pretty lame attempts to copy the original series just do n't work , at least as a comedy . Sure , there were a few laughs but strangely enough , it works better as an action and suspense film.Steve Carell does an okay job of portraying Agent 86 as does Anne Hatahway as Agent 99 . However , someone should have told Carell that when he says `` Missed it by that much '' he is suppose to indicate how much with his fingers but Carell just says it and his words , as in most of the film , carry no punch.Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson and Alan Arkin both do good jobs . Dalip Singh -LRB- WWE/WWF star -RRB- who looks suprisingly like a pumped version of the `` Jaws '' character from the Bond Films -LRB- The Spy Who Loved Me , et al -RRB- , played by Richard Kiel , provides the physical punch and came through as one of the more authentic characters although his crying scene was also pretty lame.It seemed like most of the other characters , including a few from the `` Heroes '' TV series were just thrown in for comedic effect but without further character development , thy just fell flat.Finally , the DVD promises 20 extra minutes -LRB- `` 62 % -RRB- of `` More Laughs . '' I could only sit through the first 5 minutes of these . They were just too stupid . This script tried way too hard to be something it was not .
 Yeah , this pretty much sucked ... a few laughs , nothing very memorable . I was really hoping for something decent with Steve Carrel and all ... but , Anne Hathway ... DAMN ! Her hotness burns through the suck so you can actually make your way to the end of the suckness .
 Attempts to combine comedy into an action movie . Well , its not very funny and not very exciting . If you are a fan of the old TV series , you will be disappointed . Stick to the TV series .
 Having watched virtually every episode of the original series and fallen in love with the stars and their wacky dilemmas , I ca n't really accept an imitation . Besides , you ca n't imitate Mel Brooks .
 The main problem with this movie
 For the people who gave this five stars - what would you give The Godfather ? Or Star Wars ? Are you out of your minds ? `` Get Smart '' is a relatively pleasant , liteweight popcorn movie good for a quick laugh and then best forgotten . The idea of making Agent 86 a bumbling genius as opposed to a bumbling idiot completely misses the point of the original series .
 Over the last few years with internet and chat developments , I have met many American people and discussed classic TV thousands of times ... the one topic I was always surprised at was how many Americans I had talked to who had not heard of `` Get Smart '' ... would you believe it?Logging into Amazon right now to see how many 5 and 4 star votes this movie has gotten , I can only come to terms that they are the ones who have no idea that this movie is based on a classic 1960 's TV show . If they had have seen the original Mel Brooks creation starring Don Adams as Maxwell Smart
 How could anyone like this film ! Steve Carall was n't even funny in this movie , Ann Hathawy did n't need to be in this movie , and the plot sucked ! Save your money , thats the smart thing to do !
 This is the worst movie I 've ever seen.I 'm not usually into comedies , but thought that this could be a good opportunity to start . Did not laugh more that twice -LRB- and very little -RRB- and could not watch the movie more than 20 minutes.Would not recommend this movie to anyone , unless you want to have a good opportunity to make a perfect negative comment .
 Initial reviews I read said this movie was terrible so I skipped seeing it in the theater . I 've since read some reviews that said `` Hey it 's really not that bad '' . YES IT REALLY IS THAT BAD . It 's so bad that if you looked up `` Bad Movie '' in the dictionary they 'd say `` See Movie
 I thought this would be a fun dvd to share with my grandkids . NOT . More violent than I expected it to be .
 Based on the 1960s television series , `` Get Smart '' is about a totally ineffective secret operative of the government.The good
 As original ideas are hard to come by , it seems that eventually most every successful ` classic ' television series will be considered as the basis for a feature film . With a history of rather abysmal results through the years , some who are actually familiar with the subject programs , have come to expect very little of such projects . The world is decidedly different some forty years later , and the film version of Get Smart , retains little of the relevance , and even less of the charm or humor of the original series . Like so many other big screen adaptations , the film attempts to capitalize on whatever cache may remain in a classic franchise , utilizing just a few threads from the TV series . As the target audience for the film are those who may never have seen Don Adams as Agent 86 , Barbara Feldon as Agent 99 , Ed Platt as The Chief , and Bernie Kopell as Siegfried , this lack of connection was probably deemed irrelevant.By making Max and 99 strangers , the heart of what made the original Get Smart so special is removed . Instead of a warm familiarity , the characters start coldly at ground zero . Besides his height , Steve Carell bears few similarities to the original Maxwell Smart . Anne Hathaway may be talented and charming , but the version of 99 she is given , has little in common with Feldon 's character . There are winks and nods to the past ; 86 's red Tiger Sunbeam convertible and shoe phone , Agent 13 -LRB- Bill Murray -RRB- in a tree , Fang the dog , and Bernie Kopell 's cameo , to name a few , but they really do n't make any substantial contribution to the story . With a skeleton framework , and main characters that are mere shells of the original , this Get Smart is firmly targeted for today 's audience.As such , the film is n't very funny , and only because of a strong finish , is it even a halfway decent action/adventure flick . Up until the setting shifts to Los Angeles , Max and 99 , clash and step on each other toes . Perhaps the only bit in the entire film that is humorous is the dance number at the party , and there again the two leads are going against each other . The Chief -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- , and Agent 23 -LRB- Dwayne Johnson -RRB- are mainly on the bench until they get to LA , where their contributions do help rescue Get Smart from forgettable oblivion . The filmmakers consulted with series creators Mel Brooks and Buck Henry , but it apparently did n't help much . One good decision was to play down the delivery of Max 's classic lines.The film can also be viewed in a mode where alternate takes and versions are inserted , supposedly providing ' 62 % more laughs ' . That stated improvement is not only hyperbole , but is false . The alternate gags usually are n't funny , and instead of being a positive , these lame alternates just confirm how badly the writers were lost , groping for the right words . What is really unfortunate is that the producers apparently fail to understand that reinserting the discarded material , does not cast the film or the filmmakers in a better light . Instead they both seem rather pathetic , similar to watching a standup comedian bomb over and over again , with bad joke after bad joke.Now that the premise has been set , a sequel is probably being planned . Siegfried can be retrieved from the drink , and he and Starker could be featured more prominently . Hymie should be good to go . In the ` sensitive ' villain Dalip -LRB- Dalip Singh -RRB- , they have their version of Jaws -LRB- from the Roger Moore Bonds -RRB- , primed for the next adventure . Jaws did a parachute stunt in Moonraker , so next perhaps Dalip on a cable car ? Hopefully now that Agents 86 and 99 have developed a relationship , the writers will do a better job , because there is really huge room for improvement .
 this movie makes the orignal max smart a genius . did not even make it half way through the movie before having too stop watching due to way too much stupidityIf it wer n't for Anne Hathaway -LRB- t.n.a. -RRB- and the Rock . Now I like goofy movies , but this went a little past that point . RENT FIRST before buying . who knows , maybe it will be better the second or third time I try watching this movie
 My personal opinion of the movie only ; no comparisons will be made to the original TV series : This movie had some of the lamest jokes I have ever seen and heard . Many times it appears they are making up their lines as they go , but they ca n't come up with anything funny.There are some funny scenes in the movie , not hilarious , because the scenes are not pushed far enough to make it hilarious.example
 How this movie is getting such good ratings is beyond me.It just goes to show that people will like anything these days.People are such simpletons that I guess does n't take much to amuse them.This movie is so stupid and no I am not comparing it to the tv show , I never even watched it.This movie was not funny nor did it have a good plot.Maybe I do n't get Steve Carrel 's humor , I do n't know but I 'm not gon na waste my time writing a long review for this horrid movie.I think they should stop making tv shows into movies . -LRB- Miami Vice , Land Of The Lost -RRB- It seems that it does n't work .
 Bloody horrible.Generally love Steve Carrell , The Rock & the rest . But this film is right up there with the biggest piles of crap ever shot . Stunned & confused as to how people actually like this . ???? Somebody ? ... . Pfft ... . Anyway ... . Maybe they were all dropped on the head prior to watching this ? Only explanation really ... Anyone with any taste , avoid this like the plague . Up there with `` North '' , `` Jingle All The Way '' & `` League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen '' as the worst films ever.P.S . I wanted to give this zero stars , but for some reason it would not let me .
 There will never be a sequel to this movie , you know why ? Because it sucked . Steve Carell is perfect on his T.V. show and as a 40 year old virgin , but in general he is not a strong lead in movies . This movie would of been more entertaining back 1999 , but now it 's insulting .
 A read a review that called Get Smart `` Staggeringly Bad '' . Now , although I wo n't go that far , it was pretty bad , and not very funny at all . I watched it thinking that I might enjoy it if i tried to seperate it from the TV series , but it was still bad . The movie gave only passing reference to the players and comic genius of the original series . It seemed as though they were just trying to get those catch phrases and support characters out of the way so they could continue with whatever it was they were trying to do here.I would suggest browsing around Amazon and buying the original series on DVD if you want some real humor . The original series is even relevant today with its use of humor . That 's the true sign of real comedy .
 I remember GET SMART with fondness and loved watching it with my dad in the 60 's - early 70 's , so I guess I was expecting too much from this film and I actually left the theater about 40 mins . in . It just was not funny . It tried hard with the gadgets , and quips from the TV show , but for me it just did n't connect at all . I 'm not being critical , just honest .
 Listen to this old saying and remember it
 I really like both actors that starred in this movie ... which is why I rented it . Also , I grew up on the original tv series `` Get Smart '' . I thought the two would be a great combination , unfortunately , my husband and I both fell asleep -LRB- I struggled to watch it at all -RRB- about 2/3 through the movie . IT IS AWFUL ... nothing worth watching ... do n't waste your money !
 Everything about Cardcaptor Sakura is wonderful as it truly is an enchanting and captivating series that most people will fall in love with - but the last price this second dvd set was at was around 800 $ which is like ridiculous !!
 This movie has an all star cast but is so horrid . It is so funny to watch how horrible the movie is . Do not buy it , please save your money and buy shaft ! This movie is so corny it is like you woke up in a comedy of Goodfellas .
 Bill Hicks was one of the greatest comedians this country has ever produced . Every word that left his lips should be treated like gospel . That being said , a few words about this DVD . For a long time , this was the only place you could find Bill 's release Relentless , which was from the Montreal Comedy Festival -LRB- 1991 , I believe -RRB- . This version is way obsolete now though . This is now packaged on a DVD with an equally good British TV special -LRB- Dangerous -RRB- , a half-hour One Night Stand episode , and a short documentary . . The DVD is called Bill Hicks -LRB- Satirist , Social Critic , Comedian , -RRB- . It is much better than this release . There is also the Sane Man DVD , which I know nothing about . And if you can ever come across it , there was a documentary on a cancelled network called Trio that was called Bill Hicks
 This movie is Absolutly nothing like the book ! I wonder if the person who decided to make this movie understood what the story was about . And the price that I paid for this movie ... I 'm pissed !
 OMG ! A student asked me to show this movie after we read the story , `` The Lottery . '' Gulp ... poor Ms. Jackson , the author , would have committed suicide if this movie had been made while she was alive . The entire class laughed out loud during the entire fiasco . That was a good thing though -- it showed they were intelligent enough to understand the difference between art and crap . This movie is abysmally wrong , wrong and wrong again . It missed every theme and every slice of meaning Shirley Jackson wrote into her story . DO NOT BUY IT -LRB- except to burn it -RRB- !!!
 If you 're looking for a feature length version of the great short story , this is n't it . This movie is loosely based on the story but goes off on some weird tangents and loses that great element of surprise ending . The acting is fairly low quality , too . Just read the story .
 So , we read the short story `` The Lottery '' by Shirley Jackson in my English Comp II class . Trust me , the ending caught me completely off guard , so I bought this . The movie takes the idea of the story and places it in modern day time . The acting is cheesy -LRB- Come on , Dan Cortese ? Really ? The guy from MTV Sports ? -RRB- and predictable , but those of you who are fans of the Lifetime Movie of the Week , well , this is the movie for you ! I myself would rather stick with the short story . Much less painful .
 Let 's see -- you 've got the unappealing main gay character , desperate to be straight ... a jock addicted to anti-depressants ... the alcoholic sex-addicted gay best friend ... and the frumpy straight girl who drowns her sorrows in rocky road ice cream and phone sex lines . Add it all up and you have yet another painful addition to the growing list of gay movies with potential that just are n't executed well at all . At best this movie evokes laughter when it probably should n't , at worst you wonder if you 're watching a bad school play where you 're the only one in the audience wondering , why does this hurt so much to watch ?
 Having seen the original series of episodes many , many times over the years , and still love it . Including ALL of the motion pictures , I find this movie to be extremely boring . The special effects were very good , and all , but the movie was very slow , and the script was to me , not a Kirk 's `` Star Trek '' script ! I would not recommend this movie . I purchased this on VCR when it first came out after watching it , I was let down by what I saw .
 I had n't seen this movie in about 15 years and really could n't remember why I did n't like it before . I bought this hoping that I would be surprised and enjoy the movie . I like all the star trek movies except for this one . It puts me to sleep when i watch it . It is bogged down with all the special effects they experimented with on this movie . The shots in outer space are just too long and should have been cut down . It seems like there are moments in the movie that last near 10 minutes with no dialog , but just the crew looking and reacting to what they see in space . VERY BORING . The dvd is nicely done with plenty of extras including deleted scenes , some of which would have made the movie more fun if included . Do n't waste your time with this movie , buy one of the other star trek movies instead .
 I 'm probably going to hack a few people off but ... I grew up with this movie ; both the theatrical release and the `` Special Edition '' Laserdisc . -LRB- God , I 'm old -RRB- This is ALMOST my favorite movie . Having watched this movie so much and having studied all the character development in it , some might say this makes me bias.If you do n't mind having dialog removed ; scenes switched around ; and generally questionable editing for the sake of time and new special effects , then you 'll love this version.I was VERY disappointed in the `` Director 's Edition '' . Do n't get me wrong . The new special effects ; WONDERFUL ; like the new San Francisco scene . Cleaning up the visuals ; EXCELLENT . I even overlooked what he was trying to do with the music.I am , however disappointed because the director took a perfectly fine movie , -LRB- the Original `` Special Edition '' -RRB- and BUTCHERED it . Granted , it 's his movie . He can do what he wants . I just wish he 'd have asked folks like me before he took a blade to it.Scenes , which gave this film such character development , were cut out . Background noise showing what might be `` real life '' on a Starship , edited out . The noise level in the new version is almost like a morgue . The energy and tension you feel , while the crew is preparing the Enterprise against an impossible deadline , is non-existent . The computer translation , of the Klingon language transmission at Epsilon 9 , was edited out.Little shots that gave this movie feeling were edited out . Such as , the shot of Uhura , staring in disbelief at the view screen , and Kirk having to REPEAT HIMSELF to turn the , `` Viewer off ! '' to shake her from the horror she had just witnessed , was edited out.The snip of Kirk blowing off McCoy saying , `` Get out of here , Bones '' was edited out . Kirk was ignoring what he 'd done to get this new position . He wanted to ignore what he should face.A scene showing the absolute power Ilea , as a Deltan , has over the human male , with Sulu stumbling all over himself , was cut out.A shot of Ilea , staring longingly toward the turbo-lift door , as Sulu is trying to get her attention , was cut out . This scene showed how she was dealing with seeing Decker again , without having to utter a word . GONE.While Kirk and Bones are talking to Spock in the lounge , the Director STUCK a CGI warp engine in the background . It looks amateur.The editing on the Enterprise fly-over was poor.The editing on the V-Ger fly-over was poor . I could go on.And with ALL the stuff done to this version and the big deal made over this thing , the director still , STILL did n't fix the arm bands on Spock 's and McCoy 's jackets , in the last scene on the bridge . Apparently during a break in shooting , Nimoy and Kelly got their jackets mixed up.I know a FEW people who like this , but not many.Thanks .
 First of all I am a trekkie , and I owned all the Star Trek Movies on VHS through Generations at which time I stopped waiting for their DVD release . I eagerly awaited the Director 's cut first movie . Now there is the rub , how many Directors ' cuts actually are shorter than previously released versions . This edition has deleted the 11 scenes inserted in the enhanced VHS version , sure you get them and other deleted scenes on the second DVD , big deal , I want them in the movie . You get the impression the Director never wanted the scenes after all it is his cut . Unfortunately , those scenes are important in explaining about Deltas and Decker 's relationship with the navigation officer . The improved special effects were nice , but to be honest its been 10 years since I had sat down to watch the original version and I had to go back to find the improvements . If I had only seen the original unenhanced version , I would give it 4 out of 5 . However , I enjoyed the enhanced version and feel cheated by the deletion of all those scenes , so a charitable 1 of 5 is more than it deserves . I give it this because the DVD version is supposed to be special and to me this does not mean put the extras outside of the movie , put them in where the director originally had intended . There is a growing trend where studios now put the wide-screen and pan and scan versions on sale separately , where they both were on the same DVD before . If this trend continues , it could turn many of us off .
 Take an original Star Trek episode and draw it out to three times the usual length , take away the humor , throw in some post-Star wars special effects , and finally add in some uninteresting new characters , and there you have it `` Star Trek - The Motion Picture '' . Admittedly there is some initial fun in seeing the old crew back after a ten year hiatus but this fun drains away pretty quickly . Long , boring and colorless - right down to the drab production design - even fans will struggle to sit through this one . You get the feeling that director Robert Wise was so conscious of being respectful of the material that he ended up embalming it . If this review is not warning enough , this film has been recut twice all to no avail .
 In the genre of science fiction/fantasty , two series ' have held sway over fans hearts and minds for over 30 years . The series ' are ` Star Wars ' and ` Star Trek ' , both epic in scope , and breathtaking in spectacle , yet still world 's apart in terms of their approach to the future . I have already discussed the ` Star Wars ' series in previous reviews , so I shall now turn my attention on the other powerhouse series of films under the name ` Star Trek ' . Years before there was ever a ` Star Trek ' movie , there was a short lived TV series that aired on cable television for 3 seasons called `` Star Trek '' . The premise for the show week in and week out was to follow the continuing voyages of the Federation starship Enterprise and her crew . Sci-fi fans loved the series , but sadly their love was not enough to keep the series on the air , and it was eventually cancelled . Years later rumors were circling that another ` Star Trek ' TV series was to begin soon , at the time it was to be called `` Star Trek
 This may have been the most successful movie in the Star Trek franchise , but it was the least entertaining . I am also a James Bond fan . I never had anything against Roger Moore 's movies , but like the Trek franchise , he made a bad first impression with his first movie . Back to Star Trek ; It was simply too long and boring for me . I get more excited picking out socks . The plot sounded intrigueing -LRB- Did I spell that right ? -RRB- on paper , but on screen it was a let down . Unlike its far superior sequel `` Wrath of Khan '' this movie was built almost entirely upon fancy special effects -LRB- Which may not be too terribly groundbreaking by today 's standards , but are impressive nonetheless -RRB- little time on character development and heartfelt acting . Do n't get me wrong , if the score was a measure of the movie 's influence , I would give it a perfect score , but I am a man of my word , and face it , the truth hurt 's sometimes . While the motion picture set the stage for one of the most entertaining franchises out there , the movie in itself just does n't do it for me .
 I love Star Trek beyond belief but this first outing is a testament to one 's patience as it was just bone-achingly slow . `` Damn it , Bones , we need to stop this thing now !! But before we do that , let 's take a shuttle to the Enterprise '' -LRB- because the transporters are conveniently down -RRB- `` and show broad , wide , sweeping shots of the Enterprise that eats up so much screen time that it 's a wonder that this mysterious cloud has n't consumed us whole by now !! `` In fact , Kirk seems so caught up by the majesty of the Enterprise that it 's a wonder that he seems to be in such a hurried rush later.Oh , and do n't get me started about the acting in various scenes.My favorite is the Enterprise 's reaction to the cloud 's effect on the visual screen -- it just seems to be a shocked , drunken stupor and you can almost hear the `` Wow ... that was not good , right ? '' coming from every face in the room.The wormhole scene ... owwwwwww . Tension is simply caused because you are waiting for someone to spout off a line , NOT because you 're actually worried about the meteor hitting the ship.The costumes are painful to watch and it 's easy to tell who is male or female in THIS chorus line . Thank heavens for the dramatic costume improvement from Star Trek II onwards.There are some good moments , but if you 're looking for something to nap and wake up occasionally for plot , then this is your flick .
 I have watched star trek all my life . And this was the worst remake of star trek i had ever seen . I am becoming an editer , and after watching this , if they are popping out people like this out of USC and UCLA , i am going to have no problem getting a job . The problem was this . In the movie there are changes , witch it is ok to change things . But the edits they change and the places where they cut look horrible . Also the orginal one also provided mystery to Vger . In this they just about give the whole thing away , with the new cgi shots that look horrible . And after listening to the documtary on the second cd called redirecting the future , it sounds like the cgi people hijacked the movie from robert wise and tryed to make it what they wanted to . The only thing i liked about it was the two other documentaries and that was about all . And one othercomment . I feel sorry for the cgi people and the other people who worked on the remake , because they could of learned a lot from Robert Wise .
 In 1979 people lined up to a film that was destined to become legendary for it name alone Star Trek the crew that we have love for years is now in a major motion picture for the silver screen and major is n't even the word as 55 millon went in to the making of this film , it set a record of being the most expensive film of its time.Incredible Visual effects , incredible use of models but unfortunately Robert Wise focuses to much on the effects and makes the ploit to long and to laking in depth to make it intresting to watch in stead the movie plays out like a poster child for insomniacs because the movie is far to long and overblown for it 's own good the ominous cloud that threatens the universe , that the enterprise must stop before it 's a threat to earth.Vger the ship is named is in constant search for its creator sending out signals for it to answer and in one point of the movie it takes them 20 minutes of the movie till we finally see what VGer is . Star Trek 2 is an ultimately more superior and awsome Star Trek unlike this lagging excuse for a movie to bloated for it 's own good and very dull a dud .
 Oh , yeah , the enhanced scenery was nice , in some cases even better than the original , but for a long-time Star-Trek fan like me , this version -LRB- The Director 's Edition -RRB- has one modification that totally ruined it . One of the scenes in the all important climax , the one where Decker remarks
 There 's no theatrical cut product available to review on Amazon , so I have to merge the two here , as I have not seen the Director 's Cut entirely , but only managed to skim through certain bits to see what was improved upon.Of course everyone really should know about how this movie was the final result of the attempted new Star Trek TV series `` Phase II '' which would have the Original Series crew reunite with some new characters for new adventures . They took a plot from one of the episodes and expanded it into a full-length movie.For it 's part , I greatly liked the V'ger idea , and the final reveal of V'ger as a force-evolved sentient entity from the old human Voyager 6 probe . But that 's about it , and could be covered in a Star Trek episode not even a full 50 minutes in length.The bad is just overwhelming . For one , the theatrical version 's special effects border between spiffy but unconvincing , and just atrocious . The absolute worst offender is the Enterprise in drydock , where Scotty and Kirk spend a full 3-4 minutes in a transport moving alongside it , and showing us the front viewscreen with the two of them there . The juxtaposition is so jarring , it completely rips you out of immersion and beats you over the head with `` Oh God this looks unbelievably horrible '' . For the life of me , it looks exactly like a special effects shot of everything , with an old-style television pasted onto the front of the transport!The Director 's Cut does n't really fix this so much as lower the quality of the surrounding scene while darkening the television so it does n't look so utterly out of place.The design choices for the Enterprise are also atrocious . The old uniforms are done away with for what someone compared to pajamas . It not only looks entirely unprofessional , but it 's a horror on the eyes that the uniforms are all shades of gray and beige , full-body , contrasted against a bridge that is the exact same color , and it looks less like Star Trek and more like an old post office or a bank.The visual effects is what this movie banks on . So much so that it 's to the utter detriment of the plot . While it 's spiffy to show off the Enterprise , it 's entirely overwhelming to spend FOUR CONSECUTIVE , UNINTERRUPTED MINUTES spanning its entire surface . While it 's neat to show V'ger 's cloud and the Klingon ships exterior and interior , it utterly dominates the first 10 minutes or so and gives us virtually nothing except to say `` This cloud is kind of strong '' leaving aside the sheer idiocy of firing weapons into a cloud 2 AU large , and hoping to hit something inside it.I 'm no mathematician or astronomer , but I 'm pretty sure firing torpedoes into a cloud twice the size of Earth would be like trying to shoot someone in Canada when you 're in Morocco , and firing up into the air , looking to have the bullet fall on them . While you 're blindfolded . And there 's heavy wind . And that person is in a car moving at fast speed.Then there 's the entire entering the cloud sequence . And from here begins a few sequences that I feel , unfortunately , are shameless ripoffs of `` 2001
 I was very upset That some of the dialog was cut from the directors edition and also the computers voice in the background . I thought it made it sound more like what life really would be like on a starship . I wish they would just release a copy of the original cut of the movie . Most of the rework on this really did n't make much of a difference . I guess I 'll be forced to buy a foriegn VCD copy in order to get the original cut . Not worth the wait or the hype .
 only saw it once a long time ago , but i recall that it moved very slow and did n't seem to draw me in . i guess that 's why they took such a long time to put this one out on dvd .
 Star Trek TMP was meant to be a beautiful , an awe-inspiring and intelligent science fiction film that would transcend its cult tv-show origin ; what the film-makers had in mind was something like a bigger , better version of Stanley Kubrick 's 2001 . The idea , in the mold of more `` serious '' science fiction writiers , was to make a movie as technically realistic as possible given the constraints established by the original Star Trek universe -LRB- and of course a not-infinite budget -RRB- . Unfortunately , the result falls flat on its face on every level . The visual effects were unfinished by the time of the release and the final theatrical cut was put together in haste ; consequently , the middle portion of the film is consumed by overlong sequences of meaningless and unimpressive special effects . The screenplay suffers from forced dialogue , which is often just embarassing -LRB- `` bones , I NEED you '' ; `` it 's how we all FEEL Mr. Spock '' -RRB- . While some of the dialogue is intentionally cold and mechanical as part of the high-tech future atmosphere -LRB- e.g. betwen Kirk and Sonak , or that among Enterprise crew members in the first part of the film -RRB- , much of the dialogue between the main characters is forced and mechanical as a direct result of bad writing and uninspired acting . Whenever Dr. McCoy utters a line , one has the feeling that he 's already said that , word for word , in some tv episode -- except back then it made more sense . The skeleton of the plot is an exact retelling of the season 2 episode , The Changeling -LRB- dramatically , the tv episode is far more successful -RRB- . Despite the numerous weaknesses , there is abundant evidence that the film could have been great . The first hour of the film is by far the strongest part . Through sweeping scenes and a majestic musical score , the viewer is hit with a forceful vision of a rigid technological utopia -- but one where man 's pursuit of the noble and the heroic is still -LRB- depicted as -RRB- possible . Probably the best thing about the film is the music
 OOOoo . Look at the swirling colors ... Man merging with machine ... Far out . In 1966 , as freshman in a 12 story college dorm with only 2 tv rooms in the basement , one had to arrive real early on Monday nights for the next installment of STAR TREK the TV series . I was hooked and have been ever since . Years later when they made the first movie , I was there in line to see it the first day . The movie started out well enough with the Klingons attacking a cloud . The movie moved along with the gathering of the crew . Then it struck me that I had seen this all before . They had remade the Vger episode from the TV show and merged it with 2001 Space Odyssey ! Dah , did I feel cheated.I know a lot of you like this first episode and the newer directors cut , but I fall on the side of those that argue that this is the first and the worst of the 10 star trek movies . With so much competition for worst movie , I decided this one was it.As for the Goldsmith score , come on , who goes to a sci fi movie for the music . The score is important but is only 4th in priority for a movie.I liked Steven Collins in Tales of the Gold Monkey , but here , he walked a line real close to getting a court marshall charge . Sir , permission to speak . I would have said
 The special longer version has 12 minutes of additional footage , and boy , can you feel it . The film clocks in at a mind-crushing 2 hours twenty-three minutes . I 'm not a critic of movies going on as long as they need , to tell a good story . But a great deal of the first hour of the movie are loving shots of the Enterprise . Over it , under it , around it , in all of it 's glorious glory . The ship is panned over so much by the camera it feels like some sort of pornography.Later , we get the Space Odyssey / acid trip treatment as the Enterprise soars through various exciting colors and shapes for a very . long . time . I mean a long . time . An hour could be cut out of this movie with no ill effects . The extra twelves minutes was n't needed , better costume design was needed . For some reason the crew is wearing t-shirts with short sleeves and enough cleavage to let the men 's chest hair flail out . Why not just stick with the outfit from the TV show ? Luckily by the next movie they gave the crew uniforms that did n't make me embarrassed for the cast.As for the plot , well , again , it could condensed into a forty-seven minute episode of the original series . I hate to bring up plausibility , but is the basic premise that Voyager VI has traveled the entire distance of the galaxy in three hundred years ? And could a probe really gain such a mind-blowing amount of information in that time ? And Voyager fell into a black hole which sent it to the other side of the galaxy near the machine planet ? First , let 's just fix that up by saying wormhole , instead of black hole , but I just do n't buy it could have gotten back that fast.Yes , I know all the rules of the Trek Universe had n't been sorted out yet , but it does n't mean I have to like it . The only interesting thing I have to wonder is if the Machine Planet could have something to do with the Borg . If I had watched Voyager I would probably know the answer to that.The other major plot hole that bothered me was that the whole reason the Enterprise had to be rushed together was that it was the ONLY SHIP IN THE AREA . The Hell ?? The Federation only has one ship , a semi-inoperable one , guarding Earth ? Is n't this like America having one jet somewhere in Idaho to protect the entire country ? Lame!Also , Kirk kinda comes off like an arrogant buffoon in the movie . The new Enterprise captain , Decker , gets ousted , of course , when Kirk decided to take control , and personally I saw Decker 's side a lot better than Kirk . Especially once Kirk manages to almost get the Enterprise destroyed a few times because of his lack of knowledge about the ` new ' Enterprise.Over all , a pretty bad movie . Boring shots of ships and space , not very exciting , or thought-provoking , and does not age well from the very tail end of the 1970s . I 'd avoid it unless you 're a Trekker that needs every Trek movie on tape or if you have a thing for hot , leggy , bald chicks . Or if you want to develop something for leggy , bald chicks.The trilogy of II , III , and IV just blows this out of the water . Get those and Star Trek
 If you actually buy this movie
 In 1979 , Robert Wise 's -LRB- West Side Story , The Sound of Music , The Haunting -RRB- highly budgeted , enormously special effects laden , immensely epic , and dramatically devoid of feeling Star Trek
 I first saw this movie in the theatre in 1979 . I remember being horribly bored , with pictures of taking `` forever '' cruising around the new Enterprise , showing me how `` ooh '' , `` ahh '' , `` pretty '' , the new Enterprise was . And showing me `` look how much like Star Wars we are '' special effects . I vowed at that time that I would never watch this boring thing again . When this DVD version came out , I had heard it was supposed to have been improved . I figured , `` OK , I 'll give it another chance . '' Well , this did a great job of reminding me why I vowed I 'd never watch this thing again . It 's still as boring , for all the same reasons , as it was 22 years ago . Yawn .
 After reading William Shattner 's STAR TREK MOVIE MEMORIES , I learned that the film was rushed at the end for the special effects to be put in and without a good preview for test audiences and thus the movie was released to theaters with super slowness in it 's progression . It is considered by most fans to be with STAR TREK V the worst movie in the series.Almost a year ago , I learned that the movie would be given the `` Directors edition '' treatment , with that the movie was going to be improved , and I thought , `` alright , FASTER ! It can be watched without falling asleep , it might even be good HA HA ! '' Seeing previews online with a new remastered Enterprise and awesome new Vulcan planet scene -LRB- those dopey moons are gone with killer statues replacing them -RRB- , I thought this was going to be great . Thats what I thought.Honestly , I have never been let down more by a DVD . The menu page for the movie looks amatureish and dated , no clips from the movie or sound bites played , nothing . Great title menu designs can be found in the James Bond DVDs or Phantom Menace DVD . Secondly the movie is STILL too slow . The effects still dominate the movie and we are treated to just about every single shot of -LRB- again -RRB- the cast staring at the effects . Do I dare comment on the trip through the V'Ger cloud ? It still takes like what seems an hour!Finally , I felt like I was watching the Star Wars Special Edition in the theater again . I paid to see something great and packed with new effects and scenes and ended up paying to see something I could have watched at home . As other then what I mentioned above with the Enterprise and planet Vulcan , this movie 's only other reward is some touched up effects and sounds -LRB- along with a really great molecular walkway to get to V'Ger at the climax -RRB- , and that was IT . No missing scenes -LRB- some are even taken away , but can be viewed on a different part of one of the discs -RRB- No super improved effects . I guess as another plus they got rid of that AWFUL and GRATING computer alert voice and replaced it with a much nicer sounding one and also that emergency -LRB- WAA ! WAA ! WAA ! -RRB- klaxon is gone too . But as far as improvements go , that was it . I felt ripped off.The movie if I can mention anything else nice is that it still is the best representation of Gene Roddenberry 's view of Star Trek and the most scientific one . I know that this was n't a kind review and I apologize , but when your 're expecting a steak and get liver , this is how you feel . Star Trek III still reigns supreme as the best odd numbered Trek movie .
 This movie is producer Gene Roddenberry 's vision of what Star Trek and the future ought to be . It is not unfortunately , the Star Trek that fans and movie goers want . Roddenberry paints a cool , streamlined landscape of an idyllic computer assisted life , albeit one in which mankind is still driven to explore the unknown and face the hazards of deep space . Perhaps confronted by the challenge of presenting his story in a feature length format , Roddenberry conceived a monumental storyline in which Earth is directly confronted , thereby elevating the status of his heroes . Ironically , because their adversary is so powerful , the crew is forced to retreat in front of it throughout the film . As would be expected from Mr. Roddenberry , the threat is eliminated not by force -LRB- not one phaser is fired in the entire movie -RRB- , but by reason , deduction , and in the finale , by sacrifice . The characters are largely confined to the bridge of the Enterprise , resulting in a motion picture that is more talk than action . Interestingly , the actors were restrained , playing their roles far more seriously than they ever did on TV . Given the some of the cast 's abilities to overact -LRB- which may be forgiven considering the material they had to work with -RRB- , this may be viewed as an advantage . Despite these constrictions , the film opened up Roddenberry 's TV Star Trek universe by introducing new technology , space stations , and space craft , all wonderfully portrayed in vivid detail . The accompanying music by Jerry Goldsmith , though loud and ponderous at times , is to be greatly admired . There is a fine storyline underlying the main theme regarding Mr. Spock 's understanding of the roles of logic and emotion in his life.Star Trek - TMP appears to be one man 's best effort to show off his creativity . To his credit he produced something far different from Star Wars with its simpler and shallower story . However , Roddenberry failed as he did with his Star Trek TV pilot `` The Cage , `` to tone his ideas down to the majority of movie goers who seem to value action over ideas .
 This review applies only to the VHS version.There has been enough written about this movie -LRB- especially the non - `` director 's Cut '' version -RRB- that almost sank the Star Trek movie franchise before it had a chance to get going . It 's so busy being impressed with itself that it forgets to think about itself.There are so many `` illogical '' parts of this movie -LRB- as Spock would say -RRB- that you ca n't stay immersed in the story too long before you pop up and say `` Now , wait a minute '' . They 're in there to add `` drama '' and `` spectacle '' but fall flat because they do n't make sense . Without giving too much away for the 12 or so people that have n't heard about the movie
 Ok so this movie has been enhanced with new special effects , and features intriguing extras . The film has also been edited in places , which does make `` Star Trek
 Over all I was disappointed with this Director 's Cut of the film . While the remixing of the soundtrack was an imporvement -LRB- the addition of the classic bridge sounds was an especally nice touch -RRB- , I found it un-necessary to edit or `` shorten '' any of the scenes from the 1979 theatrical release , and the story once again suffers from the lack of plot explanation scenes from the 1983 television version . Further the replacement in the soundtrack of several background effects -LRB- the original computer warning `` red alert '' system is replaced with the serine from the original series -RRB- is awkward at best . While the new special effects shots were a nice touch they add little to the overall feel of the film . I still find I enjoy the 1983 `` Special Edition '' -LRB- yes , even with the scene of Kirk on the set -RRB- best . My ratting
 I love the movie but is there something wrong with Robert Wise 's glasses ? This 40 million dollard movie is full of speckes and scratches all along . The restored scenes are fine the sound is very good , but the rest looks like an old `` BETA '' print !! I also wonder why the Klingon battle music theme was cut at the beginning ?? The score is one of the most beautiful score ever written for a movie , why cut it ? Most of the scenes that were added for the TV version are cut . Were n't those scenes requested by the fans at that time ? I would have liked both versions on the same DVD . Look at Fox 's ABYSS and ID4 , and what about the French track ?? I guess I was expecting too much ! I 'm very disappointed and Paramount 's DVD 's are still too expensive .
 This film is a disappointment for avid fans of Star Trek . I remember coming out of the theater wanting my money back . You may recall seeing the same basic story on Star Trek when it was aired on television . It was entitled `` The Changling '' and it had a similar mechanical device roaming the galaxy looking for items or beings to `` sterilize '' because they were imperfect . We expected more when Star Trek , The Motion Picture -LRB- or Star Trek-The Motion Sickness as my family calls it -RRB- was finally released.All that being said , viewing it now and having put some distance from the first time seeing it , it has taken on a certain charm of its own . I suppose that 's because we are now able to watch it with a certain amount of nostalgia and fondness . Also , Star Trek - The Wrath of Kahn more than made up for the release of TMP . All has been forgiven.You may just want to have this movie in your library for the sake of posterity if not for the love of it . It 's not wonderful but still , a serious Star Trek fan should have it in his/her collection even if they never watch it . Even if just to remind you of days gone by . We Star Trek fans are apt to be more critical than anyone else since we grew up with it and know the original t.v. episodes by heart.Hopefully , most of the more eccentric fans have moved out of their parents basements , gotten jobs , families , etc. and do n't necessarily live their lives according to the gospel of Gene Roddenberry -LRB- no disrepct intended -RRB- . Just try to enjoy this film for what it is , entertainnment , not at its best , but entertainment nonetheless .
 This film has often been called `` Star Trek
 I bought this dvd and am very dispointed in the case the first discs hub is missing a tab a the top so the discs comes out very easy and it scratches it up every time . Are all of the dvds like this or did I get a bad copy , If someone would post a response I would appreciate it because I will reurn this disc if mine is the only one like this other wise there is no reason to bother excahnging it .
 I really did NOT like this movie . It put me to sleep . I had to watch it in three sittings . I do not recommend it .
 To sum this film accurately enough in one sentence
 I am a longtime Star Trek fan , but this movie is a real snoozer . There is virtually no action in this film . There 's no moral force acting in the plot , and the film does n't bother to even speculate what meaning the ending has . Admiral Kirk is depicted as connivingly seizing command of the Enterprise , then incompetently commanding . Spock is shown with zero personality . Whatever sex appeal the movie might have had was tossed out the window when they shaved Ilia 's head . If you do n't believe me on how bad this film is , just go read its entry in W1kipedia . The actors hated the script , the costumes , and had no camraderie . The only saving grace of the film is that it was clearly the inspiration forGalaxy Quest .
 `` Star Trek
 It is amazing that this first installment in the Star Trek series spawned five sequels . Bogged down by long , twenty minute special effect sequences , this movie maintains the feel of the original series by highlighting how slow and methodical the original crew actually was.Now that 's not to say that the storyline is bad . The movie opens with a spectacular sequence between a Klingon battle cruiser and a strange , alien cloud on a direct heading for Earth . Unfortunately for the Klingons , there weapons are all rendered useless by balls of electrical energy launched by the cloud and their ship is eventually destroyed.Enter James T. Kirk , a former Starfleet captain who is using this new threat to Earth as a chance to regain command of the Enterprise . There 's also Spock , a Vulcan who has decided to give up pure logic to go on a wild chase with his old friends to commune with the alien intelligence at the center of the alien cloud . Ultimately , with a few casualties along the way , the crew learns that the cloud is being piloted by V'ger , a three hundred year old satellite launched by NASA over three hundred years ago . Having gained sentience after years of exploring the universe , the satellite has returned to Earth to join with its creator.My recommendation with this movie is that you sit down and watch it with the intention of getting up multiple times . As long as you keep that in mind , the twenty minute special effects segments which pepper this movie from beginning to end wo n't seem as long and the movie might actually seem enjoyable .
 Footnote
 -LRB- this does not refer to the DVD director 's edition edit -RRB- One of the most popular tv shows of it 's time -LRB- and one of the most popular movie franchises -RRB- Star Trek
 This film is very special to me ... I feel that it is the most cinematic of all the Trek films and I attribute that to Robert Wise 's direction . But I am so very disappointed in what he and Paramount have done to this film.Good things
 This film has good visual effects , but I think it is boring as hell ! -LRB- I almost fell asleep when I saw it the first time -RRB- Also , the characters do not act like they used to in the series . Unbelievably , the FX are the best of all the first five movies .
 Not what i expected but its still good enough . NOT the directors cut -LSB- Star Trek 1
 Well , I may have been expecting to much , but I was somewhat disapointed with this DVD.Being a Star Trek fan since I was about 5 years old -LRB- I am now 27 -RRB- I remember seeing the motion picture for the first time and the overwhelming feeling of excitement that I felt , but anyway on with the review.I was disapointed mainly because , for 1 , all the deleted scenes that are included have all been seen before , either in the special extended VHS version or on the Television version , this to me was a total letdown.The documentarys are o.k. , the one about star trek phase II is way to short and hardly shows any footage from the show that was supposed to be.The biggest addition in my opinion was the trailers and the television commercials , these are absolute classics and were a treat to see again.As for the movie itself , the inclusion of the new special effects was O.K. , but some things , like the new alert sound , drove me nuts , the old alert sound demanded attention , this new one is pathetic , also they toyed with the warp drive sound , and the v ` ger bolt firing sound , which in my opinion were better before they were altered for this new version.All in all this was a decent effort , but it honestly did not live up to my expectations , and sttmp is probobly my 2nd fav star trek movie .
 I thought STAR TREK THE MOTION PICTURE was too long and drawn out . I mean I liked seeing KIRK , MCCOY , and SPOCK and all the rest of the original series characters but I did n't get the whole VY'GER storyline and the action in this film takes too long to appear in the film . Anyway see STAR TREK II instead you 'll like it a lot better .
 Maybe if it were cramped into 1-1/2 hours it would have been better . Ok yeah the inside of V'Ger like cloud was pretty , I guess , if you like scenic tours . But they spent too much time with that in the movie , then followed by what seemed like wasting time till the final 10 minutes of the movie . The beginning of the film is great , seems to have a fast paced move to it , but it slows down way too much after halfway . This is the least favorite Star Trek film of mine , but I guess since it was made in ' 79 , it not so bad . But Star Wars was in ' 77 , and look how good they did . So I guess this one 's not too great . If you love Star Trek , like me , you 'll still watch it . If you are new to Star Trek , skip this film and go onto the 2nd film .
 Astonished humans watch as three Klingon battle cruisers are destroyed in a huge cloud which is on a direct course to Earth . And so James T.Kirk and crew are sent to deal with the threat.Unfortunately , for most of this film very little happens . It seems to be aimed more at ' 2001 ' fans than ` Star Trek ' fans . The characters are rarely allowed to show character and some of the dialogue is pretty stupid -LRB- ` it disappeared down what they used to call a black hole ' -RRB- . Who exactly talks like that?Good special effects and a wonderfully atmospheric score save this film from being a one-star . Thank goodness the makers of Star Trek 2 onwards knew what the series was supposed to be about .
 A long time ago , in a galaxy far , far away ... The STAR WARS phenomena took off in 1977 . At that time , STAR TREK
 What a disappointment . Half of the movie is grandiose views of the new ship . A quarter of it is psychedelic views of V'Ger innards . The rest is a lame plot warm-over of `` The Changeling '' -LRB- Nomad -RRB- . A major disappointment to a major Trekkie .
 A more terrible hatchet job I have never seen . They took out a half-hour of dialogue , including a sub-plot essential to the end of the movie and put in a bunch of half-finished special effects shots . It actually makes the movie look cheesier to update the FX . -LRB- In one case , half the background is gone ! Kirk & McCoy are talking in his quarters , and instead of leaving in the original where the camera cuts back and forth to each of their faces , they took a shot of both of them standing facing each other from 20 min later in the movie and dropped it on the scene . Lame , yes , but what 's worse is that the bottom half of the wall is gone ! Cummon . They butchered this movie . Just get a VHS copy of it and burn it to DVD . Do yourself a favor . -RRB-
 This film has no conflict whatsoever , excepting a few mean looks exchanged between Decker and Captain Kirk over who 's in command over their ship . No jokes are made throughout the movie at all . A paper thin plot goes along with a rousing score and tons of shots of spaceships SLOWLY floating around . There were so many unnecessary , boring , and stupid scenes in the movie that it could have been squashed into a 51 minute episode EASILY . `` Veeger '' is a MYSTERIOUS UNKNOWN OBJECT HEADED STRAIGHT FOR EARTH ! In all actuality , Veeger is just a bunch of BAD special effects . Going into `` warp speed '' looks as thouhgh it was ANIMATED -LRB- and it probably was -RRB- . I was on the edge of my seat ONCE during a particularly good scene . Namely , the ending . That 's why there is one star , its for the ending . It was so amazing , after sitting through the whole boring and uneventful film , to think that it had an ending .
 Psychodelic movies were popular once . OOOoo . Look at the pretty swirling colors ... Man merging with machine ... Far out.In 1966 , as freshman in a 12 story college dorm with only 2 tv rooms in the basement , one had to arrive real early on Monday nights for the next installment of STAR TREK the TV series . I was hooked and have been ever since . Years later when they made the first movie , I was there in line to see it the first day . The movie started out well enough with the Klingons attacking a cloud . The movie moved along with the gathering of the crew . Then it struck me that I had seen this all before . They had remade the Vger episode from the TV show and merged it with 2001 Space Odyssey ! Dah !! Did I feel cheated.I know a lot of you like this first episode and the newer directors cut , but I fall on the side of those that argue that this is the first and the worst of the 10 star trek movies . With so much competition for worst movie , I decided this one was it . OK , maybe numbers 3 or 5 ? No , this one is the worst.As for the Goldsmith score , come on , who goes to a sci fi movie for the music . The score is important but is only 4th in priority for a movie . How about a good story as being the most important?I liked Steven Collins in Tales of the Gold Monkey , but here , he walked a line real close to getting a court marshall charge . Sir , permission to speak . I would have said
 Sadly , this first entry in the Star Trek feature film series is less than the sum of its parts . Despite the reunion of the classic TV series ' original cast , augmented by a pair of talented guest stars , the guiding hands of series creator Gene Roddenberry and legendary director Robert Wise , a memorable score by Jerry Goldsmith , and a story concoted by great sci-fi author Alan Dean Foster , the film never rises above the mediocre . The biggest flaw is the pacing , as exemplified by the absurdly long introduction of the Enterprise in spacedock , and the ship 's later meandering journey through the internal world of V'ger . The FX and sets are impressive , but never inspiring . The script is built on an interesting premise , but one which never comes to life and finally disintegrates in a melodramatic but unmoving anti-climax . The best parts of this film are the Mr. Spock subplot -LRB- in which the Vulcan sees V'ger as a kindred spirit and potential mentor -RRB- , and the opening segment depicting V'ger 's skirmish with a trio of Klingon battle cruisers . There are worse films , even in the Star Trek saga -LRB- notably Generations -RRB- , but this movie will probably only appeal to die-hard Trekkies .
 the best STAR TREK films are parts 2,4,6 , GENERATIONS & FIRST CONTACT . parts 3,5 , & INSURRECTION were n't so good . and so does this 1st chapter with kirk and crew . so i have seen the director 's cut of THE MOTION PICTURE on dvd recently . new special effects have been added that we have n't seen in 1979 . when the film came out december of that year , the movie was n't even finished according to its director robert wise . the `` finished '' product is improved in the fx dept but this is still 1 slooooooowwww ride on the enterprise . lotta talk , miniscule humor and very tiny action . wise was n't a wise choice for this film . to me , he was never good in making scifi flicks ; 1971 's THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN was another snoozer from him . then came THE WRATH OF KHAN with a better director , nicholas meyer and the film series blasted off from there . let 's see what occurs with the newest trek movie , NEMESIS out late 2002 directed by stuart baird -LRB- U.S. MARSHALS -RRB- .
 Captain Kirk gets back control of the Enterprise and goes to investigate a mysterious cloud making its way towards Earth.Though this film stars all the crew from the original '60s series , it is more akin to an Arthur C.Clarke film than Star Trek . Okay , so it might please fans of 2001 , but as somebody who enjoyed the original Star Trek series I was bored rigid . The special effects are faultless , true , and there is a superbly ominous soundtrack , but nothing much actually happens for most of the film . And some of the dialogue is pretty silly - `` It disappeared down what they used to call a black hole '' . Who talks like that?Fans of special effects or 2001-type science-fiction might enjoy this , but fans of the Star Trek series would be better off watching ` Wrath of Khan ' onwards .
 The problem with this film is that they expand an episode 's worth of material into an entire film -- and a LONG film at that . The previous reviewer is wrong -- it 's not a matter of being too action-oriented to accept a more cerebral plot ; it 's simply the film 's appalling sense of pace . The endless panoramic views -LRB- the opening , panning around the ship , takes , I kid you not FIFTEEN MINUTES -RRB- , while somewhat interesting in their own right , do not exactly make for riveting viewing . With some decisive editing , this could have been a decent hour-long feature , but as it is it just meanders interminably . Worth seeing for die-hards , but not for ordinary civilians .
 -LSB- BEFORE YOU VOTE ON THIS REVIEW , KEEP IN MIND THAT I HAVE NOT SEEN THE DIRECTOR 'S EDITION OF THIS FILM . I WILL REVIEW THAT LATER ON IN THE FUTURE . IF YOU VOTE NEGATIVELY , I WILL ASSUME THAT YOU LOVE THIS FILM UNCONDITIONALLY . -RSB- With the Trek animated series going from 1973-1974 and a loyal fan following growing enormously through Star Trek 's syndicated run , Gene Roddenberry proposed `` Star Trek II '' as a new series . But that eventually led to the groundwork for the new Star Trek film . With a grand budget , an excellent musical composer named Jerry Goldsmith -LRB- who would receive an Oscar nomination for this , but lost to George Delarue 's `` A Little Romance , '' which is a tragedy -RRB- , veteran director Robert Wise at the helm , and the original cast back , this would seem like a dream.Unfortunately , it was not meant to be.Jerry Goldsmith 's score and some impressive visual effects were the only things keeping this thing alive . It 's extremely boring . The characters do n't really strike a chord -LRB- there 's hardly any humorous interaction between Kirk , Spock , and McCoy -RRB- and it moves slowly . The character interactions that we so loved are vacant here , which is quite a shame . It almost plays like `` 2001
 Since at least 3 versions of this have now been seen , one would hope that the DVD medium would have allowed viewers to select their preferred version or to at least view a combined version of all finished footage from the previous releases . Instead , footage from previous versions -LRB- unless used in this re-edit -RRB- is packed onto disc 2 , where it ca n't be easily viewed in conjunction with the feature itself . What a pain ! The revised feature , accompanied by interesting commentaries , is solid , and does actually improve some elements of the story , as well as individual scenes . However , some tidbits of good dialogue are notably absent . One would have thought that this version would have enhanced character interaction by including more new dialogue , but that 's to be found on disc 2 . The 136 minutes includes an `` overture '' - 3 minutes of music before the opening titles or even the Paramount logo begin to run , and an additional minute of end credits for the `` Director 's Cut '' which means that the film itself is still 132 , just as the original has been listed in my film/video guides . Disc 2 analysis shows roughly 8 minutes of footage from the 1983 tv version left out of this new edition , and about 4 minutes of footage dropped from the original theatrical version , which suggests that those 4 minutes were replaced by selected scenes and takes from the 1983 version . The result plays quite decently , but for those of us who enjoyed the extra footage from different versions , we can no longer see that footage in place , and instead have to look in the disc 2 menus to find it . We must be grateful that it was included , however . Featurettes are also enjoyable , included on disc 2 . The film itself plays as well as ever , and is very nice to go back to since the various Star Trek films and series have become increasingly dominated by villains and wars as plot devices . After just re-watching all original series episodes and the entire animated series , the Motion Picture stands clearly as the epic expansion of the series onto the big screen , but also makes clearer how * all * of the films in the series are just a small part of the entirety of Star Trek . People may debate which of the films are best , but The Motion Picture is a strong translation of Trek into a new medium -LRB- from small screen to large screen -RRB- . Sure , elements of the story are derivative -LRB- `` The Changeling '' and `` One of Our Planets is Missing '' being key episodes to recall when watching -RRB- but after viewing the 101 episodes of Trek that precede the feature films , there is a clear pattern of derivation that crept into most of the Kirk-Trek products that followed the original three seasons . Numerous animated episodes are sequels to earlier shows , various themes continue to reappear throughout the series and it seems probable that the scripts for the feature films were more likely to be `` green-lighted '' if they resembled favored episodes from the past . One of the strengths of The Motion Picture , however , is its being true to Roddenberry 's vision of the original series - encountering and learning about new lifeforms that in turn teach humans something about themselves in the process . Later feature films tended to become increasingly `` villain-oriented '' - which I would argue is not at all what the original series was trying to focus on . Only after Roddenberry 's death did the various series -LRB- and feature films -RRB- become repeatedly concerned with the spectacles of ongoing warfare and and endless array of snarling , comic-bookish villains . Although Star Trek II , III , IV , VI , VII , and IX had their very strong points , only Star Trek IV avoided the cliche of the snarling villain . The original series was in fact notable for the complex nature of its characters - even antagonistic ones - and a weakness of the majority of the later movies is that they 've too-often forgotten the original ideas of Trek and have instead become `` action-combat '' spectacles . The Motion Picture is a spectacle , but is not combat oriented . Its focus is on the exploration of the unknown - the very point of the original series . The film can be neatly divided into three sections of roughly equal length . The first involves the return -LRB- after a 10 year absence from filmed live-action production -RRB- of the Star Trek characters and the introduction of the re-vamped big-screen Starship Enterprise . Once Spock gets on board , the introductory `` episode '' is over and the adventure itself is underway -LRB- including the familiar `` Captain 's Log '' entry -RRB- and the remainder of the film can be seen as a long -LRB- two-part -RRB- episode ; the first half with the encountering of the V-Ger cloud and probe , and the second half -LRB- starting with Spock in sickbay -RRB- the resolution as learning and negotiations proceed . This is not at all a sub-par production by any means , when compared to the original -LRB- and animated -RRB- series - which was all that existed on film at the time of release in 1979 . In addition , the Motion Picture was a superior film for film audiences of its day - especially for those who were n't so well-acquainted with the tv series and thus could n't know that various themes and plot elements had already been presented there . -LRB- In any case , as the featurettes and commentary and contemporaneous writings on the subject make clear , the Motion Picture story would have been used in the pilot episode of the Star Trek - Phase II tv series if it had actually materialized in the late 1970s . -RRB- Robert Wise was one of the most accomplished directors of his era -LRB- The Day the Earth Stood Still , West Side Story , The Haunting , The Sound of Music , The Andromeda Strain -RRB- and it 's too bad that science fiction films of today do n't retain more of the thoughtful approach of past films -LRB- as well as retaining the sense of wonder about the discoveries and explorations that do and will take place ! -RRB- The basic fact is that each film can tell only so much story and will only be produced every few years , and in this way is a different medium from television and will show limitations in the amount and variety of themes and stories that can be shown , when compared with a weekly television series . The running times of all the Star Trek motion pictures , plus the entire animated series as well , barely amount to the total running time of a single season of the original tv series . The Motion Picture was a strong entry in the history of Star Trek , and is an impressive , entertaining , and even thought-inspiring work , and should be recognized as such .
 this film has some very good special effects , but the film goes on way too long , is very dull , and lots of times the camera tends to focus on special effects , just for the sake of showing off all the effects they created . if this film was n't so long , it might have been passable entertainment .
 Not much to be said about this film , use it for a sleep aid replacement . This or 2001 : A Space Oddesy.The film is made longer , but not much so , -LRB- Even more BORING ! -RRB- The Special Features are excellent , and much more exciting than the movie
 This is BY FAR the worst thing to come out under the Star Trek name - and I 'm counting the cheesy original show ! This movie went far too long with far too little reason to . The effects may have been cool in the 70 's , but they are n't now . Even that would be fine if there was some interesting plot to back it up , but there is n't . With maybe one funny part in the whole movie -LRB- which is bad for a usually pretty funny series -RRB- , this needs to be put on display in a museum , not rented out for home use . You have far better things to do with your time . If you want some good Star Trek , check out ` Wrath of Khan ' , ` Voyage Home ' , `` Undiscovered Country ' , or ` Genesis ' . The new ones are good too - especially ` Insurrection ' .
 I scorn to mention particulars about `` Star Trek
 The Star Trek motion picture series should have began with Star Trek II
 For years this was one of the two Star Trek Movies I did not own . But the reviews saying the directors cut was like a whole new movie , and the way it should have been done in the first place intreged me , so I thought I would give it another chance . But after watching it I am telling you it does not matter what you do to the visual effects , or what scenes you add or delete , this is still a really bad movie . In an episode of the Big Bang theory the characters are arguing which is the worst Star Trek Movie . Sheldon says `` Star Trek V has specific problems in writing and direction . Star Trek I has mistakes across the board
 I remember the film moving slow , but I was almost in a coma by the end . There was just not enough of story to warrant two hours for this film . So , we see long static shots of the Enterprise and space that do not move the story.The acting was even worse . Part of the reason this film dragged so much is that the director and the actor 's did not build the tension of their impending doom . It is hard to get caught up in the chance of them all dying when the actors are just like it 's any other day at the office.Don ' t get me wrong . I love most of the other Star Trek movies , but this one is just a major dissapointment .
 This movie sank like the Titanic . The first 50 minutes were good . Then you start saying to yourself , `` What am I doing in front of the TV ? '' The movie spent too much time inside the alien -LRB- V'Ger -RRB-
 I mean it , I give this film a zero . It 's dull , it 's silly , it 's meaningles , it 's long and it 's boring . The biggest film of 1979 ? Better off watching Time After Time . The film goes nowhere fast and ends with some of TOS dialog , but it 's to little to late . I do n't care what people say about the Final Frontier , this movie is worse . For non-Trek fans , skip this one and start with The Wrath of Khan , the greatest Trek film ever .
 `` What ? '' , you might be asking . `` This is n't the worst . ` Final Frontier ' is the worst '' . No , with all due respact , you 're wrong and I 'll tell you why . Final Frontier had a plot . It was n't a good plot , but it was a plot nonetheless . A plot is something that this movie did not have . When I heard they were rebooting the Star Trek franchise , I sat down and watched all the previously made Star Trek movies . All but this one . I sat through `` Final Frontier '' , Insurrection '' , and even `` Nemesis '' . I absolutely refused to subject myself to this movie again.I first saw this movie when I was eleven . I had already seen a few of the other Star Trek movies . I watched them out of order . People had warned me that this one was horrible and boring , but I sat through it anyway . A horrible decision on my part . This is not just the worst Star Trek movie . This is the number one worst movie I 've seen in my entire life . I would put this in the same category as movies like `` Batman and Robin '' and `` Battlefield Earth '' . I 'm serious . I think this is worse than those movies . Again , those movies had plots . Bad plots , but plots . This movie has no plot . All they did here is take actors from the television show , in character , put them up on the big screen , and call it a movie . All they wanted to do here is cash in on a franchise that is considered by many -LRB- not me -RRB- to be classic.Here is a brief summary of the movie . A cloud thing is destroying ships and stuff . Kirk , who is now an Admiral , takes over command of the Enterprise from Captian Willard Decker . Decker is unhappy about this . The Enterprise goes out to try to stop the blue cloud . They make it inside the blue cloud , and Willard 's ex-girlfriend gets taken by the blue cloud . A being that looks like the ex comes to Enterprise and says that the cloud is called v ` ger . Um , okay . Spock tries to mind-meld with v ` ger , but gets electrocuted . Spock then concludes that `` v ` ger is a child '' . Um , okay . Kirk , Spock , Decker , and I think Mccoy go outside the ship and see that v ` ger is really Voyager six , a probe launched by earth back in the 20th century . The ex-lady says that the creator of v ` ger , a human , must join with v ` ger . Um , okay . Willard offers himself , and joins with his ex and the satellite . This creates a new life , or something . The galaxy is again safe.There . It took me five minutes to go through a plot that took roughly two and a half hours to play out onscreen . This is n't enough plot for a movie . It 's a long , long episode . And a stupid , cheesy , campy , full-of-itself episode , at that . I think this movie perfectly captured the essence of the 60s television series . Oh , in addition to hating this movie , I also hate the old televison show , too . Despite this , there was and still is a huge cult following for the show , despite it 's horrible ratings . The creators of this movie knew that . They were n't interested in making a good movie . They just wanted to cash in on a popular franchise . You know how I know that ? They did n't make an ending for this movie until the last minute . I would have loved to be at one of the writing meetings . I bet there was a lot of thought put into that . `` Hey , let 's make a Star Trek movie ! '' `` Great idea ! We 'll make a killing '' `` So what 's the premise ? '' `` Uhhhhh ... how ` bouta weird cloud is out in space destroying stuff . '' `` Good enough . That should be a good enough reason to get all the old crew back on the Enterprise . '' `` So what happens with the cloud ? '' `` They stop it . '' `` How ? '' `` Well , uh , we 'll think of something . '' `` What about the rest of the movie ? '' `` That 's the overall plot . '' `` I do n't think that 's a very interesting plot . '' `` So ? The fans will pay to see it . '' `` True . We 'll figure out that ending later . `` FIVE MONTHS LATER `` So ... How should we end it ? '' `` Why do n't we just fill the last hour or so with a bunch of philosophical stuff which sounds smart but makes no sense at all ? '' `` Great idea . The fans will love it . ''
 This movie is a fine example of how editing should not be done , around litterly half of the movie could have been edited out and you would have been left with something better in the end . The directors edition instead of making an effort to cut scenes that really just slow things down they decided to make the movie even LONGER . The movie does not have the charm or interest of the TV series that came before it . It starts off slow , its slow in the middle , they felt that the long sweeping shots of things in space would make people excited but it only slow things down . For example for several minutes of the film we see the crew just staring at the inside of V * Ger which is not a whole lot to see other then some flashy effects this scene could have been cut down and just shown the jist of it.Every Star Trek movie after this one does capture the feel of the series it represents and is fun to watch but this movie is really only for those who are die hard trek fans . though it does not hurt to watch it at least once for Trek Fans but its just in my opinion the worst Star Trek movie ever made its basically two hours of flying through space gawking over V * Ger and trying to communicate with it and stop it from blowing up things . Yeah really exciting.They could have taken any one of the episodes of the 3 years of the original series and expanded it into a movie and it would have been better then this.I would recommend any of the 10 movies that came after this one . Only worth if if you buy it in a set .
 This is the WORST Star Trek movie EVER made . Do n't waste your time or money on this !
 Why does Star Trek even exist ? Many people claim it as a life , but if you need this tripe for a life , you do n't really deserve whatever satisfaction you get from watching movies this bad . This movie never goes anywhere . The approximate running time feels about 5 days . There are only interminable plot machinations intermingled with simple special effects . Melies could have done better with the effects . Even for people like Trekkies , this movie is a stretch . I say that even with an incredibly low regard for Trekkies . This movie has taken hours of my life that I can never have back . For that I say , damn you and your girdle Shatner .
 most interesting part of movie : I honestly cant think of any.Why is it that when I watch this movie I can think of several star trek episodes which could have been redone to take it 's this movies place ??
 First of all , I 'm a Trekkie through and through . I do n't subscribe to the `` Trekker '' nonsense . I was a Trekkie in the 70 's and in my view calling myself something else would not only be a specious gesture , but would dishonor everything Star Trek has taught me ; in short , accepting what you are and embracing diversity . To change how I see myself in order to fit into some strange Star Trek clique would be beneath me.That said , I loved The Motion Picture . It had flaws , of course , but the story was classic Star Trek . I 've watched and re-watched it on VHS , as many of us have , for decades . When I saw interview after interview with Bob Wise and those responsible for this DVD , and reading the Star Trek magazine which featured it , I was totally jazzed about this release . I went to 4 different stores until I found it , and once I did find it , I asked the clerk to go into the back of the store and get it for me , as they had n't seen fit to display it on the release date . Various reviews have lauded this DVD as an incredible piece of work . A dramatic and compelling retelling of a classic story . More dramatic , better music , and woohoo . At the end of the DVD , I found myself wondering what the heck I missed!Yes , there were some new effects shots . But when it comes down to it , all they really did was cut out a few good scenes and put them on Disc 2 . We 're talking literally 5 or so scenes of several seconds apiece , ALL of which can be found on the old VHS version , and none of which were worth removing in the first place . I have n't yet watched the documentaries , but I 'm hoping they are worth the 20 bucks I spent on this disappointment . I do n't remember any `` new '' footage during the movie . Not once during the film did I say to myself , `` Oh , this is great new material ! '' There is nothing noticeably new here but eye candy.One dramatic moment takes place during the `` rec room '' briefing shortly before the Enterprise leaves spacedock . This is nothing more than an extended silent pause before Kirk dismisses the crew to their stations . And you 'll notice a few lines removed , but I saw nothing that stood out as new . They changed a few sound effects , like the alert sounds , which was pointless . They did it not to improve the piece , but just to show they could do something different . So the viewer would say , `` Oh ! This is different than what I 'm used to ! New footage ! '' Nonsense . This DVD , and the hype surrounding it , are nothing more than hoopla in my opinion . When I re-watch this movie , and I will , I 'll likely pop in my worn-out VHS tape rather than see this sliced-and-diced version of the film.I give this item 2 stars only out of loyalty to the original film . Most of the `` new '' things in this version are not worth the loss of the `` old '' stuff they took out . Someone please tell me what I missed , other than twenty bucks that could have been given to charity .
 I am still amazed that there are people who will give this a 5-star rating . When first released the movie had one main attraction
 This movie is too long with too many slow scenes in it . The later Star Trek movies are much better than this first one . This one nearly put me to sleep , it was so long and boring .
 I think this movie is old enough now that if you are buyng it , you know what you are getting . As an editorial review I find this version as close to the original as I have found with better effects . There were lines I remembered as a kid that I was starting to think I dreamt up since I never heard them again until this version.My real problem here was that there were lines that you could see belonged but the sound was absent . Most notably was the transporter accident where Kirk asks Starfleet if they got them . There is only dead air where the response line belongs then Kirk offers his condolenses . There are other instances I noticed and probably a few I did not but dead air on a DVD is just sloppy . I doubt it is just my DVD as they are all printed from the same files so I wonder who else out there has noticed . It really ruined a dramatic moment and took me out of the movie . I am returning my copy and will wait for the next attempt .
 This is easily the weakest of the Trek movies -LRB- yes , V was an overbudgeted episode of TOS , but I will give Shatner credit for trying , at least . -RRB- A friend of mine calls it `` Star Trek
 This was a box office smash when released in 1979 . Tickets cost less back then , but as many people saw it today , it would have grossed $ 370 MILLION !!!!!!!!! How well a movie does has little , if anything to do with quality , it is all about promotion . So many people came to see it because it showcased such eye-popping special effects . Like 1998 's Lost in Space , This movie had a very weak plot that was moved along only by the breath-taking visuals . When I rented Lost in Space five years after it came out , the visuals were still impressive , but not as good as I remembered . When they become obsolete , as this movie 's are , the movie is essentially left with nothing.Don ' t get me wrong , I am a big Star Trek fan , I just found this movie to be too long and boring . I have never gotten tired of the other movies -LRB- Except for the mediocre Star Trek V -RRB- But the positiv ething about this entry to the movie series is it made Trek mainstream . If this were n't the phenomenal success that it was there would be no Wrath of Khan . While this first movie was a boring film that contributes little if any insight into the Star Trek universe , it did pave the way for 9 more sequels , which blew this one away -LRB- I really hope that Nemesis wo n't be the last . -RRB- However , as for as quality goes , this movie did n't do it for me . By contrast , The Wrath of Khan , the BEST in the series had the lowest budget , minimal special effects , but it focused on plot and character development , making it much more watchable . I am well aware that you are ready to vote negatively , but I stand by all my statements .
 This movie is the second worst in all the other Star Trek films . There was absolutely no character development throughout the entire movie . Also , there was way to many dead air scences . For example Kirk is comunicating with Star Fleet and Kirk asks Star Fleet a question . Then there 's a few seconds of silence and then Kirk answers back without the audience ever hearing anything Star Fleet said . That 's just an example of poor edidting folks . I 'm glad this is the only true terrible movie -LRB- besides Star Trek V -RRB- in the francise . Still , this movie did not have any major efffect in changing my love of Star Trek . I will always be a big fan . And as always ... Live long and prosper .
 Besides the intro attack with the Klingons and the outstanding march Goldsmith had to offer , this movie stank . How many minutes of weird nothingness going by do we have to see ? The audio dubbing was horrible as well . And was that purple eye shadow on Mr. Spock ? Yikes.It was a movie made for desperate Trekkies sick of the reruns . Of course it was a hit , what else was there for these guys?And I say this as a Trekkie as well . Forget this waste . Wrath of Khan and First Contact are much better . Get this movie only if you suffer from insomnia .
 This 1979 motion picture , based on the Star Trek television series , was intended to be the answer to the prayers of the heartbroken fans of the television series that was canceled in 1969 after three seasons on NBC . The film has basically the same cast as the television series but was a high budget motion picture undertaking . This is a very slow moving film which seems to last considerably longer than its 2:16 running time . It shares certain similarities with earlier science-fiction theatrical films , notably Stanley Kubrick 's `` 2001
 Some Star Trek fans like to kid themselves that this is a good film , but the fact remains that almost every scene is overlong.For example , in the wormhole sequence Chekov is ordered by Decker to `` fire the photons '' at an asteroid and then another whole minute goes by before he fires it.If Nick Meyer had been directing , it would have taken 5 seconds.Robert Wise 's slow and beautifuly artistic style is not suited to such a comic-book story.The same goes for the Klingon sequence , the Enterprise flyby , the flight through V'ger and so on.They are all overlong.Two other BIG mistakes were 1-Spock is made to be cold and distant at first and by doing this , they destroyed any hope of the Spock , McCoy , Kirk chemistry getting going 2-As one special effects man said : `` if you are going to promise something big around the corner , then you better deliver it '' . The `` nemesis '' turns out to be a `` lonely little spaceship '' called Voyager which reduces the film to a tiny and very weak TV plot.They remade The Changeling episode when they should have remade The Doomsday Machine.Leonard Nimoy showed them what a mistake this was when he directed ST4 and kept it 's nemesis mysterious and unknown , a far better idea.I give this boring film 2 stars for the eccellent documentaries , but the film is still the best sleeping pill in town .
 The excellent effects and the haunting soundtrack are the only things really worth seeing this for . It 's all very slow , aimless and more akin to 2001 than Star Trek . This is the series ' first full-length film , and it 's hardly a great debut .
 It 's good to see the Star Trek characters , again . But this movie is WAY too long . Skip this one and see The Wrath of Khan instead !
 It is amazing that this movie was the biggest movie of 1979 . It is not very good and very confusing . Possibly the worst in the long series .
 Star Trek
 Someone , possibly the writer Harlan Ellison , possibly Steve my butcher , once called this The Motionless Picture . He was right . Terrible idea , terrible pacing , terrific special effects , and no fun watching Kirk and crew reunite . I can remember being about 13 when this movie came out , actually dozing off in the movie theater . Stick with Star Trek 2 , 4 , 6 and 8 . All the even ones .
 I am a huge Star Trek Fan 100 % ... but i am very sad to say that this film was disappointing . It was just downright BAD . Okay . . maybe you might have a different opinion on the video , but i just fall asleep about 10 minutes after i put it on . The only part i like is when Spock makes a dramatic enterance onto the bridge . After i see that part , i just turn the movie off because i have more important things to do than waste my time watching a movie that is so boring , i fall asleep through the middle of it . Well , anyway ... if i were you , i would n't waste my money on this video . No matter how big of a Star Trek Fan you can be . . Believe me , you do n't want it .
 I just started watching the old Star Trek series about two months ago , and I 've grown addicted to it . It 's like my Lost . It 's just really great TV , cheese and all . I love it . Then it dawned on me that I should be watching the movies . If the series is good , the movies must be great!But this movie , not so much . This one is DEFINITELY a renter , man . It is true that it 's great to see the intros of the old cast and all , but that aside , the movie is lame in a way I never foresaw . At least half of it is waiting around for stuff to happen , or VERY drawn out displays of the environment . I should really go back and time how long the intro was where they show the Enterprise for the first time . And then the scenes of when they venture inside the alien are all unbearably long . It 's a movie that could 've easily been condensed into forty minutes worth of substance.The effects are good , the characters are decent -LRB- though lacking somewhat -RRB- , the plot is forgivable , the audio is atrocious , and the story just ... really takes too long to get told . I was disappointed .
 I like the story - i hated the acting
 The information contained in the dvd provided individuals who have varying opitions -LRB- good -RRB- and who seemed to have conducted extensive research -LRB- good -RRB- . What I did n't like was the quality of the production . I did not realize it was a documentary which looks to have been taken from a show that airs in England somewhere . I could have YouTubed the information for free .
 This was a total waste of money . This is a 3 dvd set . The first one was boring . The 2nd one was a British TV show , interviewing people about Britans health care program . It was so boring I got disscusted and turned it off mid way through . Didnt even bother to look at the 3rd DVD . This one goes in the trash heap .
 Run , do n't walk as far away from this `` film '' as possible . I guess I 'm the idiot for actually paying money for what looks like someone 's school project . Bad story , bad acting . Just plain bad .
 So I happen to love queer spec fic . I have a fondness for spooky movies that feature gay characters . But The Sacrifice is no Hellbent.The acting in this movie is atrocious . I never once believe that their was more than a passing attraction between the leads . Their interaction was so stilted and the kiss one of the most tepid I have suffered to watch.This is obviously an amateur production and it shows in the casting , the writing , and the scenery . The very ending was convenient and made little sense as the great powers the lead was supposed to possess never played a major role.I recommend avoiding this one . For a more sultry movie , try a DeCoteau - they may not be truly gay , but at least the quality is immensely better .
 A blatant example of nepotism this time from producer Luciano Martino , director Sergio Martino 's brother , who ripped off Sergio 's 1969 trash-pic ` Mondo Sex ' -LRB- AKA ` Naked and Violent ' , another MYA release you should avoid - read my review -RRB- , which itself was a ` Mondo Cane ' rip-off . Another pseudo-documentary/exploitation vehicle that 's just a purile excuse to see a bunch of naked women -LRB- and I 'm all for naked women -RRB- in sexless situations for no apparant reason whatsoever . Forget the X rating too , as there 's nothing on display here you ca n't see these days on satellite at any hour of the day . MYA -LRB- an acronym for ` Mislead Your Audience ' -RRB- does it again , recklessly regurgitating poor prints of forgettable films from the past that should 've stay buried . Do n't say you were n't warned ...
 though somewhat average HavanaGooding , Jr. . Film . At least it ` snot ` Snowdogs ' . When I was at the '02 NHL Allstar game @ the homeof the best Pro basketball teamin L.A. , the Clippers , somebodyyelled @ Gooding , `` Hey Havana , Snow Dogs sucked ! '' Even Jewel , who was there singing the NationalAnthem and songs between periodslaughed !
 This is the type of film that if it was on U-Tube would get dozens of hits ... maybe even triple figures . The movie centers around `` nerd '' Toby who fakes the whole `` genuine '' part . He speaks as if he is faking some kind of cleft lip . The nerd aspect is so phoney and overdone it is boring . The movie is slow and is not worth watching even if ... especially if you are Toby 's mother . If seeing a grown fat man in diapers with a binky being spanked turns you on , this might be 5 star entertainment for you .
 I thought I could n't go wrong with this deal , but the visual quality is poor -LRB- the source films were sub-standard and/or the conversion to digital format was cheap and sloppy -RRB- . Only one of the movies -LRB- Diary of a Nudist -RRB- offers a happy combination of plot and quantity of nudity . The others will have you reaching for the fast-forward button to get to the next fuzzy view of breasts and bottoms -LRB- which were all that could be shown in that era -RRB- . These are not movies that you want to own .
 i love the show but the dvd release is bad . i own the huge cylon head editions and now some of the discs do not work and two split in my hand . why universal would want to use gold coated flippers on an expensive set is beyond me . one ca n't even get the discs out of there hubs .
 I love the original series but feel cheeted . There were episodes that I remember that were not included . Mostly though the quality control in these DVD 's is realy bad . My father owns a set , and he returned several sets before he got one that is mostly good . My set was good all the way through until the last disc . I have not returned it for fear that I 'll get an even worse set.One of the things they did that I hate is they recorded on both sides of each disc , so if you get a bad one , a lot of episodes are potentially messed up .
 This has to be my all time favorite television series . As a kid , I would wildly wait until Sunday evening , knowing far well that my 7th grade classes are just a few hours away . As well , closing upon , 8 - 9:00 depending on the episode , I would anguish at the closing credits . But now I can see the entire series even though it 's definately dated , especially considering Star Trek
 Paying this much money and they ca n't even get the right discs in the box . I have no disc 2 and an extra disc 6 in its place . So have to # 6 discs and buy the time I opened it , it was too late to exchange !
 I recall reading somewhere that the orginal concept behind Battlestar Galactica was to recreate the 60 's western series Wagon Train in outer space . That show followed an Oregon bound wagon train and each week they had a new adventure on the trail . That 's pretty much what Battlestar Galactica viewers got ... Back when I was in the 6th and 7th grade , there really was n't any good science fiction on TV . When we finally got it , it came in the form of Space 1999 , Buck Rogers and Battlestar Galactica . All these shows were aimed at the kid 's market and its a wonder they even showed these in prime time . I think they may have done better on Saturday morning.Of these three , Space 1999 is probably the most watchable as Sci fi - if you can buy into its stupid premise . Buck Rogers was a product of the disco age - enough said . Finally , there was Battlestar Galactica.Battlestar Galactica started out strong , it had a good premise and the first half of the pilot movie was great . Then they went an attached what should have been the first episode as the second half and ruined it . It was a sign of things to come . After that , it went down hill each week . Apollo has a wild west gunfight . Apollo and Starbuck attack the gun from Ice Planet Zero in a script that was like a demented cross fertilization of The Dirty Dozen and The Guns of Navarone . -LRB- Why were all those clones dressed like full sized Oompa Loompas ? -RRB- I hope they got sued for stealing ther people 's ideas . That said , there were a few good episodes too , Lloyd Bridges in the Pegasus episodes leap to mind so the series is n't 100 percent unwatchable.Galactica 1980 was a wash , but by the time they made it they were playing for laughs . I thought it was funny at the time , but it would have been better if all the original cast members had come back for it.Here 's the real deal . The campy sci-fi value of this show is high . If it is a part of your childhood , it might be worth the money but I think it has more `` warm memory value '' than real `` entertainment value . '' If you grew up on the sci fi that came to TV after Battlestar Galactica , the poor story lines and the overuse of stock footage of the space battles - used at least 10 times each episode - will drive you nuts . Let 's not let our childhood memories make a silk purse out of this sow 's ear , I 'll wait for all the suckers who buy it to sell theirs at a deep discount in two months .
 Missing the episodes where Galactica finally reaches Earth . I was waiting for those and then after the `` Hand of God '' it just ends . Bohoo !
 Absolutely incredible , this set goes for $ 65.00 dollars , and the picture quality SUCKS ! , there 's many tears , dirt , and other stuff appearing on the picture , it says the picture has been remastered ... yeah right , I do n't believe it , it could n't have been , it looks that bad , really remaster this , and I 'll consider buying it , shame on you Universal !
 Like Mary Poppins-it is almost perfect in every way . Unfortunately , scenes that the Sci-fi Channel edited out to make rooom for additional episodes are still edited out . You can see them under deleted scenes . The Problem is that it is a pain when you want to watch the entire episode in Chronological order and you have to do it in your head instead of seeing it on the screen . In some cases it is impossible to tell where a scene goes , and in the case of `` Magnificent Warriors '' no such deleted scenes are provided . I knew Glenn Larson put a lot of Mormon Theology into his creation , but the story lines made it easy to overlook . I 'm dissappointed that they have been manhandled . I was hoping they would show scenes deleted from the original cuts-like the one where Apollo sees the cloven hoof and finds out who count Iblis really was . When they say deleted scenes-they evidently mean scenes deledted by Sci-fi Channel to make room for comercials . I paid 83.00 for a substandard collection of episodes . .
 First before stating why I have given this set such a low rating , let me say the following . I am a 32 year old fan of BG since day one . Owned all of the figures , saw all of the episodes during sydication , etc. . I think the episodes on these dvds along with the extra footage are THE BEST that anyone could ask for . So how can I say that and still give this set two stars you say ? Here 's the problems that are eating at me . First of all , I paid for what is called the `` complete set of BG episodes '' . This is stated in MANY parts of the dvd set , the packaging , the ad on Amazon , etc. . Well , this IS NOT THE COMPLETE SET ! It is missing no less than 10 episodes . Yes , roughly 30 % of the series ! For those of you who just said `` no it 's not '' , here are the facts . There were 10 episodes made and released in 1980 . Only one included Starbuck though . These episodes include when the Galactica found earth . I have the episode list , but it is too long to list here . Here 's a link instead , http://www.wallpaperlinks.be/eng/epis-galactica.htm#2be/eng/epis-galactica.htm#2You would think Glen Larson would have remembered filming these episodes before calling this the `` complete set of BG episodes '' . Unless he was smoking a little too much of the old peace pipe . The number two reason that I am disappointed overall in the set is the packaging . By the Lords of Cobol , it 's bigger than a cylon baseship ! If you do n't own this set and you think the picture of the cylon packaging is neat , THINK AGAIN ! It is a square box with a VERY LARGE cylon plastic face GLUED to the front of the box ! It DOES NOT easily fit on any shelf or display case . I would have been much happier with a simple but awesome cylon 3D sticker on the front of the box . In short , this set could have been so awesome with just two VERY minor changes . One is , actually make it a COMPLETE set , not a partial one . And two is , get rid of the massively large packaging ! If that had been done , I would be giving this set 5 stars ! However I must say that I VERY much enjoyed watching the old episodes again . I just wish the set was `` complete '' .
 The product is awesome , I loved the old Battlestar Gallacitca series , but I paid for a full set of disks and was missing one .
 It was a great show!I wont even consider buying though until packaging normal like other dvds.Just keep it regular boxes please .
 I ordered an item from this seller . 3 days after last supposed day for item to be shipped I contacted the seller . I go no return message or explanation . Therefore had to file a claim . No excuse for someone who , on their own , decided to be a seller and to treat people like this is without excuse . Why people are so much more rude these days is beyond me .
 This was a gift for my son , who was quite disappointed . It was not what he expected and more than l dvd was damaged . We had to return it .
 But does n't hold up very well against contemporary competition .
 I was so psyched when I heard BG was coming out on DVD and was at Best Buy the day it came out . However , as I started watching the series , I had problems with a few of the disks . The sound and picture would get all screwed up and would finally just stop playing . My DVD player is new so I knew it could n't be that . So , I returned it to Best Buy and got a new copy . SAME PROBLEM !!! I was so frustrated that I finally just asked for my money back.It 's too bad because I really loved this series . I just wish Universal could have put together a better quality set .
 There is NO DISK # 1 in the box , instead there is a second DISK # 3 in it 's place and Barnes & Noble wo n't replace it because it is over 14 days since I bought it ! What ever happened to customer service ?!?!
 When this show first aired , I would turn it on in hope of a good story and switch it off in disgust.The show is produced by America 's worst producer in Glen Larson , a man that had no idea of story and so it goes for this show which has terrible writing.Most episodes start with the same basic scene of a Galactica pilot battling and blowing up a Cylon ship with the very same effects every time.To show how confused the writing was , the human villian that collaborated with the Cylons and was killed of in the premiere episode suddenly was brought back alive as a regular villian . Then after this series was cancelled , it was revived as Galactica 1980 and became ... . a comedy.Buy Star Trek or Babylon 5 instead , at least they are well scripted and well produced .
 I 'll probably get beat up for this but Battlestar Galactica was a waste of television airtime and it 's even a bigger waste of a perfectly good dvd disc . The performances are lackluster probably because everyone was just there to make a buck . The stories were silly and the dialogue is even sillier . Even Mel Blank -LRB- the voice of the robot -RRB- could n't help this sorry piece of trash . Do n't waste your money here . You 're better off watching Lost in Space or Star Trek .
 Possibly one of the worst television shows ever created , this series totally destroys any quality its amazing premise had with horrible plotting and dialogue , and acting that was even worse . Rightfully cancelled mid-way into its second -LRB- even worse -RRB- season , `` Galactica '' somehow found its own little niche audience.Like any other series created by Glen Larson , it has a great premise , but ca n't get anything else right . The characters are poorly drawn , swaggering fools , and the Cylons are even worse . They 're slow-moving , dullards of machines . It 's a wonder even the foolish crew of the Galactica and its rag-tag fleet were able to defeat them so readily EVERY TIME they go into combat.Avoid this set , unless you 're REALLY into watching bad TV and movies . This belongs on the same shelf with movies starring the likes of Steven Seagal and Freddie Prinze Jr. .
 Another disgusting creation by this person . I assumed this would be a sci fi film but it turned out to be some sort of freakish drama set in space .
 I bought one of these thingys for around $ 60 which seemed fair for a snoopy movie but it wo n't even fit in my DVD player ! At first glance , the huge rectangular piece of plastic looked too big for the slot , but at $ 60 I was determined to make it work . But no matter how hard I pressed , it would n't go in . Then I noticed , looking through the window that this kind of DVD comes all wound up on a little spool inside the rectangle . Took me a while to figure out the spring-loaded door but I managed to pull out some of this `` DVD tape '' and feed it into my DVD player . Still no picture . Now the seller wo n't take it back because it 's `` damaged '' . Well who 's gon na fix the damage to my DVD player ? Huh ? Never buying from those crooks again !
 After recently watching such classic Hitchcock films as `` The 39 Steps '' and `` The Lady Vanishes '' , I had high hopes for this effort as well . Unfortunately , the end product -LRB- while nicely polished -RRB- lack one key ingredient that would have automatically ratcheted it up a notch
 This video is handicapped by the fact that there is little real-life fire truck action . Bulldozers and trains can be filmed while they are serving their true purpose , but here real firefighting is absent . Instead we are treated to practice fighting against a weak fire in a bland concrete structure -LRB- give us a destructive blaze , for crying out loud ! -RRB- , demonstrations of hoses , long lectures on equipment , serious-faced safety warnings , and various data , like how long the hoses are and how many gallons of water can be sprayed per minute . To spice it up , Dave treats us to high-tech video tricks like having the firemen go backward up the pole and slide , Wow!This production feels more like a 3rd grade field trip to the local station , captured on video by the student teacher . My kids found other things to do about halfway through .
 My 2-year-old adores fire trucks , and I bought this video on the strength of the reviews posted here . It is a sore disappointment . Most of the video is of Fireman Dave talking , walking , showing off ; way too many interviews with firefighters ; there 's little video of the fire trucks themselves , and virtually none of the trucks fighting fires . For a kid who loves fire trucks , and wants to see fire trucks , this is not a great video . I do n't recommend it .
 I had High hopes for this video based on the reviews i read . 10 years ago it might have been an OK video by today 's standards it does n't compete . The Video quality is bad the material and the look is dated . This video should be called what fire trucks use to look like . Save your money till a newer one comes along .
 I did not enjoy this video and neither did my two year old son . He is a huge fan of trucks and construction videos and will sit through just about anything . This series , however , bored both of us . He actually asked me to turn it off ! I think there is too much of Dave goofing around and not enough serious truck action . We had the one that was the Fire Truck , Space Shuttle and something else on the video . We did n't even get to the last segment . I could n't recommend any of the videos in the `` There Goes a. . . '' series .
 Very little of `` Dave '' in this one , however the fire fighters describing the trucks forgot this is video is for very young children . For example a fire fighter , when speaking about where drinks on the truck , says they need to drink when they get `` dehydrated '' . What person under 6 knows what that means ? He should , of course , use the word `` thirsty '' . The problem is that this movie left it into the hands of the professional fire fighters to describe the trucks and equipment . These guys may be great fire fighters , but when they start throwing about terms like `` dehydration '' and spouting nozzle sprays specifications , and various ladder heights my 2 year old , who just loves fire trucks starts staring at me -LRB- not the TV -RRB- . This video would be perfect for adults who want to learn the very basics about fire trucks and fire fighting.However , we just bought it , and only saw it once . I 've yet to find out if he wants to see it again but I 'm sure he will . It does have some good fire truck action sceens .
 I had High hopes for this video based on the reviews I read . 10 years ago it might have been an OK video but by today 's standards it does n't compete . The Video quality is bad and looks like it was shoot with home video camera , the material and the look is dated . This video should be called what fire trucks use to look like . Save your money till a newer one comes along .
 This movie was awful , my parents made me watch it with them for family bonding time and when the awful movie was over they admitted that they did n't like it either and actually apologized for making me watch it with them ! I like Clint Eastwood and Bernadette Peters and think they deserved a better movie that did n't waste their talent !
 I can not believe I have to give a movie that has the Man in itone star , but if you go to buy this BEWARE ! This is snore-borestage 101 . And I love Eastwood films , even those bad ones thatare going thru your mind right now . This however is his worstEVER ! I mean while watching I defy you too not go a least onceZZZZZ `` HUH '' WHAT , WHAT HAPPENED?Oh yeah thats right I have PinkCrapillac on , yeah thats right . . ZZZZZZZ = ZZZZZZZZ = ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
 The first Clint Eastwood film not to be given a cinema release and go straight-to-video in most overseas territories is a lightweight but amiable enough star vehicle that casts him as a skip tracer tracking down Bernadette Peters , who has skipped bail and headed for Reno in her recidivist husband 's pink Cadillac unaware that the boot contains $ 250,000 of his neo-Nazi friends ' money . The presence of the star 's green t-shirt and blue jeans outfit from Every Which Way But Loose clearly signposts it as one of his periodic redneck comedies , but unlike the superior Honkytonk Man and Bronco Billy , there 's no depth of feeling here . It 's all on the surface and ambles along predictably , but does n't really have an ending , with action scenes that are decidedly tame and lame and a main villain who 's decidely unthreatening -LRB- for all their posturing , the bad guys do n't really do much more than waste their time on target practice -RRB- . A more restrained Peters than we 're used to gives better than she gets from the script , but Clint is clearly having a whale of a time with a part that enables him to show a lot more range and extrovert good-humoured charm than much of the rest of his career put together . That said , some of his disguises are a bit hard to take - especially when he dons shades , spats , gold lame suit and Charlie Parker jive - although he does make a worryingly convincing inbred Southern gumby at one point . With the Malpaso stock company represented by Geoffrey Lewis -LRB- as a spaced-out hippy that really should have been played by Dennis Hopper -RRB- , Bill McKinney and Mara Corday and with bit parts from Jim Carrey as a casino entertainer and James Cromwell as a none-too-bright desk clerk , this is clearly one for the money rather than one from the heart . If the script could have done with a tune up and the film benefited from tighter direction and a little pruning , this still just about passes as pleasant enough Saturday night fare for all that , though chances are the only thing about it you 'll remember an hour later is the end title song .
 Quite possibly the worst film Clint Eastwood has ever made -LRB- and I 'm even counting `` Revenge of the Creature '' -RRB- , `` Pink Cadillac '' still has at least one thing to recommend it
 A major dud at the box-office when released in 1989 , `` Pink Cadillac '' was perhaps the first serious sign that Clint Eastwood 's career was in need of a comeback -LRB- which came in the form of `` Unforgiven '' three years later -RRB- . If his Oscar winning western is his best film , `` Pink Cadillac '' may very well be his worst . As both an action film and a comedy , it 's pretty lame most of the time , but it remains a must-see for Eastwood fans in that he has never before -LRB- and only rarely since -RRB- been so extroverted on screen . He 's quite funny throughout , and his performance compensates for a script that is as ridiculous as it is cliched . Though a minor credit in Eastwood 's impressive filmography , `` Pink Cadillac '' is worth a look for his fans .
 Viewed
 Sorry , but it 's not a good one ... & I love most Clint movies ... sorry to have to give this one a bad review.To sum up - alot of fighting - but boring !
 In the annals of cinema history , Clint Eastwood is rightfully regarded as one of the greatest American filmmakers . He has made many great films , and will continue to do so.This is not one of them.This is Clint 's worst film , one of his few real duds . It 's a long movie at 121 minutes , but even if Clint had edited it down a bit , it still would n't be very good . I could n't help but think that Clint did n't really care about this film too much , as he looks bored throughout , and while Bernadette Peters -LRB- I think this was the last starring role she had before she went full time on Broadway -RRB- tries to spice things up -LRB- and has good on screen chemistry with Clint -RRB- , it 's still a very poor film . There are major plot holes , the biggest of Clint 's career . The tone of the film is rather jarring , switching from light comedy to crude one liners to harrowing gun fights with white supremacists . Basically , it 's just a mess.There are a few -LRB- just a few -RRB- good things . It 's shot on location in the Sierras , there is a good chase scene at the end , Jim Carrey appears as an Elvis impersonator , and there is some funny situations at the beginning of the film -LRB- Clint 's first arrest here is very funny -RRB- . Clint did n't direct this film , but his production company produced it and Buddy Van Horn directed it . Van Horn is Clint 's stunt coordinator and Clint surrogate , and has directed several Clint films -LRB- most notably The Dead Pool -RRB- . So it 's really Clint 's film , and it 's his worst . Most people agree that this film and The Rookie are Clint 's worst , but The Rookie is a lot better than this one . If you are a fan of Clint , and you have to see everything he 's done , watch this . If you are n't , avoid it .
 Although I like GM cars , Pink Cadillac stands as being the worst movie of Clint Eastwood 's career . He plays a modern-day bounty hunter by the name of Tommy Nowak that uses skill rather then a gun to catch his suspects , although he does carry a gun briefly here . Bernadette Peters plays this little curly-haired blonde who lives in a trailer with her dead-beat husband and his speed-freak friends . Her husband owns a pink cadillac and she drives off in it with her baby and a bag of money . Nowak is then sent to bring her back from a casino before her husband 's gang finds her first . When they do , and kidnap the baby , Nowak and Peters bond when they give chase to get it back.The movie is red-neck and full of trailer trash stereotypes in every way . It also helps define the classic example of the woman that takes the bad boy , but then learns her lesson when she finds Nowak . But the movie has poor acting . Clint 's chessy impressions , including an imitation of a drunken red-neck , do little to raise any laughs . The gang of army wannabe 's do n't make the film any more dramatic . The whole concept of `` Do n't mess with a man 's automobile '' is literally worn out.Despite the semi-colorful cast of Peters , Frances Fisher , and even Jim Carey , and an expansive soundtrack , this romantic comedy falls short of anything close to a classic . It 's a good thing that Eastwood did n't direct this himself ; Buddy Van Horn took the rap instead . This is the only film of Eastwood 's career that did not receive a theatrical release in the UK , and it remains his lowest-grossing to date . Sorry folks , but Pink Cadillac never starts . If you are an Eastwood fan like me , get it to fill in the gaps of your DVD collection .
 Throughout his long career , actor-director Clint Eastwood managed to avoid the pitfalls of Truly Bad Cinema . However , `` Pink Cadillac '' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- is a noted exception . This brain-dead romantic comedy , with an offensive white-supremacist subplot , makes `` Every Which Way But Loose '' look like a minor masterpiece . Clint registers zero chemistry with co-star Bernadette Peters . Not surprisingly , `` Pink Cadillac '' went straight to video in Great Britain -LRB- perhaps the only Eastwood film to receive that dubious distinction -RRB- .
 The disk was scratched beyond use . The aggravation to return it was not worth the effort or expense . When you get a bad product through Amazon , you are totally out of luck . What a dissappointment , especially as ww gave it as a gift . It was an embarrassment to us . Buying this way is very risky .
 My 20-month old son loves Road Construction Ahead and many other videos that focus on earth-moving equipment and `` machines '' , as he calls them . We purchased this video hoping to add a little variety to his collection but have been disappointed with it . For a young child , perhaps under 3 , this video has far too much dialogue , not enough action , and loads of ridiculously unfunny jokes and slap-stick humor that little kids just do n't get . My son likes looking at the video box but does n't enjoy the video at all . Try Road Construction Ahead instead .
 There goes a Bulldozer is an example of how not to do a video for kids . Kids are thrilled with earthmoving equipment but the video failed to focus on that type of equipment . It is that type of equipment that little boys have in their sandbox.For example the video is titled `` There goes a BULLDOZER '' but there is almost no footage on bulldozers and what little there is , is of such poor quality that there is nothing for a little boy with a toy bulldozer to feast on . One of the problems that plagues the entire video is that the shots are too tight , too close up so that the little boy sees mostly the equipment operator rather than full views of the equipment in action and this particularly true of the bulldozer footage . Little boys are interested in the equipment , not the drivers and operators.Far too much time is wasted on adult humor . Kids have little interest in sky cranes but this video spends almost ten minutes on a sky crane , most of it on Dave making the climb to the top of the crane , an extremely boring climb.The one good thing in the video was the short segments at the beginning showing little boys operating toy equipment . More of this would have made the video more interesting . Better , show a child using a front loader loading a toy dump truck and then show the real thing and then go back to the toy . Do this with the various types of earth moving equipment that are found in toy stores . Although we live near the Getty Museum , using the construction of the museum was not a good idea because the construction shown was too complex for little boys .
 My two year old son loves tractors and construction equipment . Unfortunately , the narrator 's attempt of `` being funny '' becomes lengthy and irritating . There are some good equipment shots but Fred Levine 's `` Road Construction Ahead '' and Sandbox Video 's `` Big Construction Machines '' are superior , in my opinion , to this video . ` Too much time watching someone talk and act `` funny '' and not enough time spent on the equipment .
 We have purchased many truck videos for our 2 year old . He has loved them all ! Until we purchased `` There Goes a Bulldozer '' , from Toys R Us . The camera was focused mostly on this Dave person and not on the construction equipment ! We purchased `` There Goes a Dump Truck '' and were very happy with the Dave charecter -LRB- dirrerent actor -RRB- I would recommend purchasing the Dump Truck viedo , but do n't waste your money on the Bulldozer .
 My son has most of the `` There Goes a. . . '' videos and loves them . This one , however , is a bit odd . First , there are too many repetitive shots of explosions . Perhaps these are `` cooler '' for slightly older kids -LRB- my son is now 23 months ; he has been watching these videos since about 17 months -RRB- but young children much prefer moving vehicles ; the explosions are too sudden and scary . Then , because so much of it is shot on-site at a construction site , there is a lot of background noise that Dave has to shout over . All in all , it is somewhat disconcerting and a little boring for my son . He prefers Truck , Firetruck and Airplane .
 I bought this video after reading the reviews and thought my son would love it . Instead , he was n't interested and I eventually turned it off because I thought that the humor centered far too much around running people over with bull dozers and other voilent acts I rather he did n't see or think were funny .
 The video starts out showing various structures being demolished with explosives . Next we move to construction sites and watch various pieces of machinery -LRB- not bulldozers -RRB- from a long distance . Eventually we see excavators and tower cranes . Along the way , we see one or two bulldozers.The last 15 minutes of the video is definitely the best . We finally see earth moving equipment close up . But , again , we do n't see a lot of bulldozers.The title is definitely a misnomer . This video is n't that bad , but it 's definitely NOT about bulldozers.Our two year old seemed to enjoy it . However , unlike other `` There goes a. . . '' videos , he did n't ask to see it again when it was over .
 The video camera spends far too much time pointed at narrator Dave Hood and far too little pointed at the bulldozers and other heavy equipment that are supposed to be the center of attention . The equipment scenes last only a few seconds before we are whisked off to something else , each scene change affording Mr. Hood an opportunity to prance about in front of the camera . He should have stayed behind it .
 The transfer is beautiful , with much more accurate colour tones and very little artefacts remaining , and the special features were absorbing and informative , but there 's a huge audio glitch ! The audio of the message on Selina 's answer machine is completely missing !!!! When Selina replies and moans about it under your breath , you 'll think ` what is she talking about ? ' I 'm very annoyed with this extremely obvious glitch ! I 'm surprised no-one has mentioned it.Also , this is the cut version !!! The scene in which Catwoman places an aersol can in the microwave is missing ! Fortunately , the nuncahkus cut from the previous DVD has been restored , though . Still , the BBFC should have passed the microwave cut . It 's uncut in the US!And finally , the commentary is missing , despite what it says on the back of the DVD case , but the Region 1 DVD has it !!! Otherwise , it 's a great DVD for a great film . I was reviewing Region 2 version by the way .
 Do n't buy this dvd cause Warner may release this title in a near future again with special features , trailers , notes and etc.Just like they did with Twister , Interwiew with the Vampire ... and more to come ...
 It was n't great but deVito 's performance as the villianous penguin is outstanding .
 I had good memories seeing the Batman movies as a kid , when rewatching them -LRB- such as Batman Returns -RRB- , those memories were immediately shot . The plot lines are somewhat bizarre and the character development leaves something to be desired . Its one of those movies you watch once , and then do n't ruin it by watching it again . Proceed directly to the Dark Knight series .
 The original batman with the Joker as the villian , staring Michael Keaton and Jack Nicholson , was a great movie . It was a shock to me , who had only seen the later sequels and Batman Begins . I enjoyed Forever a lot more than most people . Val Kilmer was great , and so was Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carey . Truthfully , I loved Batman and Robin . Arnold and Uma played the best Batman villians to date , and George Clooney was a good Batman.Batman Returns is actually the last one I watched , and I have to say it is n't that good . Danny Devito as the Penquin is good , but Michelle Phiefer sucked -LRB- Halle Berry was better -RRB- as Catwoman . On top of that , the plot of this movie -LRB- Of Penquin becoming major -RRB- is unrealistic , silly , and would never happen with excessive force . Also , Batman does n't have many lines . All he seems to be a brick and stop the enemies ; that 's it.This the weakest Batman Movie . Why anybody thinks this is better than the next two is beyond me .
 Look the first Burton-directed Batman film with Jack Nicholson as the Joker scored well enough but this movie with Devito sucking bigtime as the Penguin is just putrid . Outside of his Taxi series DeVito really bites . On other matters while I like comely Michelle Pfeifer a lot in this movie I do n't understand how her character of Salina becomes crazy . The fall hit her head ?
 I waited for this much anticipated sequel only to be disappointed . Michael Keaton did not seem to carry the movie as he did with the first one . The focus of the movie seem to be on the Penguin and Catwoman characters . The story of the Penguin is a sad one but I do not need to hear about it for the entire story . Catwoman as a love interest for Batman was overrated and the final scene where Batman reveals to Catwoman who he is was weak . Still a good movie no less .
 Michael Keaton amazing performace , Catwoman and the visual effects are the only things that saves this monvie from being the WORST movie ever made!Danny Devito -LRB- boy he should had got that Razzie -RRB- and Christopher Walken are horrible!The story is so awful that a 5 year old could do a better job.This movie sucks compared to the other three -LRB- Batman and Robin is SO much better -RRB- and is so overrated.Avoid at all costs !
 Batman Returns is easily the WORST of the Batman movies . Incoherent screenplay and totally boring and pointless throughout , this piece of garbage is overlong , and a total waste of time . I ca n't believe you morons think this film is great . It reeks big time . Burton really has NO CLUE about what makes Batman great . As a Batman fan , and a lover of the awesome Batman
 I never saw Batman Returns before Batman Begins . Turns out there was a good reason my brother did not own this movie , even though he and I have always loved Batman since we were old enough to know what Batman was . We 've had repeat viewings of all of these batman movies over and over , probably over twenty times each -LRB- even the Dark Knight -RRB- . So why had n't we ever seen this one ? We got it , and well ... we wished we 'd never subjected ourselves to one of the worst movies of all time ... I do not understand how this movie was not a huge box office bomb . I can not awkowledge how happy I was for Joel Schumacher to take over the series after this . Batman Forever may be a little ridicoulous with all the neon lights and gay undertones , and Batman And Robin may be way beyond the definition of campy , but this movie is just horrible.To start off , Danny Devito plays the penquin . He is not a mobster , a gentlemen who is kind of the opposite of Bruce Wayne . Instead he was `` raised '' by Penquins , has gross hands , is nasty , and extremely annoying . And he is no more or less campy than Mr. Freeze 's ice puns in batman and Robin.Then there is Michelle Pheiefer . To start off , her outfit is not actual Catwoman ; it is instead like the Black Cat from Spider-Man . Then , instead of being a simple criminal inspired by Batman , she is some ressurected , very annoying woman who is reborn by being bitten by cats . To top it all off , being one of the most over-rated actresses of all time , Michelle gives a barely medicore preformance as usual and is praised again.Does anyone find this all to be beyond stupid ? This whole movie is more of `` Tim Burton 's Funhouse '' than anything resembling Batman . In fact , Michael Keaton is barely in it . He is reduced to randomly killing some guys from `` the red triangle '' gang and then hatching a plan to defeat penquins armed with rockets -LRB- Stupid ! -RRB- The movie instead the movie seems to love it 's really dumb , just plain wrong to the source material characters.The only decent part about this movie is Max Shrek . Played by Christopher Walken , he kills Catwoman/Selina Kyle . I liked him for doing this and wished she would 've stayed dead . He was also kind of scary , and an interesting businessman . And he 's not even a comic character.All in all , stupidity ensues from start to finish , which is a shame considering the fact the 1st movie was pretty good . At least in Batman and Robin , Mr. Freeze has a cool ice gun . This movie has a rubber duckie style car that somehow drives up stairs . Is their really any comparison in just how bad this movie really is?I would never reccomend this to anyone , and I love Batman . And while Batman Begins and The Dark Knight are better than these older ones , I would reccomend Batman Forever , Batman and Robin , and the original Batman , not the travesty that is Batman Returns .
 `` Batman Returns '' is the one Batman movie that I absolutely loathe . Can I give a zero star rating for it ? And I 'm speaking as a huge Batman fan who have watched all the other movies more than a dozen times each -LRB- not to mention the countless Batman comics that I 'm still buying and all -RRB- . Why do I hate it so ? I can list a million reasons but I think the following will suffice :1 -RRB- Tim Burton - This is one film-maker that I absolutely detest . Why do I say that ? He is representative of the breed of film-makers who value style over substance . Look at all his films . Interesting sets . Gothic look . Very creative and graphic costumes . But zero in storytelling . Time was when a movie was suppose to tell a story not put up a fashion show with a Gothic-or-whatever theme . In fact , unlike many , I actually prefer the third and fourth Batman films over the first two by Burton . At least the other two films -LRB- Batman Forever and Batman & Robin -RRB- were silly and campy and ... fun ! Tim Burton 's first two Bat-films were just largely ... unsavoury , to say the least .2 -RRB- Danny DeVito - My wife loves the Penguin . In fact , she 's hunting high-and-low for Golden Age and Silver Age reprints of `` Penguin '' stories in Batman comicbooks and comic-strips . I too used to watch the Batman cartoons as a kid and remembered the fun of watching the Penguin and his endless array of trick-umbrellas . Penguin , to me , is really Mr. Pickwick as a villain . Funny . Silly . A parody of the Victorian gentleman . DeVito made Penguin a vomit-inducing , sick freak ! The Penguin is many things but he is not a monster like the way he was portrayed by DeVito in this movie .3 -RRB- Christopher Walken - This guy is one of my favourite actors of all time . I love his performance in every movie since `` The Deer Hunter '' but I absolutely loathe him in this one . Why , of why did he even take this role ? Max Shreck ? This guy is a worthy Bat-villain ? I think he was only useful for pushing Michelle Pfeiffer from the top of a building.The above are the top three reasons I detest this movie . I can think of many more . And of course , like all the other Batman movies , this one got Batman completely wrong also . I think the upcoming `` Batman Begins '' movie should be one to look forward to . David Goyer understands these age-old characters and what makes them tick -LRB- being a comic-writer and fan himself -RRB- . This should teach everyone that non-comic-people should never be allowed to make comic-adaptations -LRB- think
 This was my question when I first saw this movie.Unbelievably boring plot -LRB- although a good direction by Tim Burton -RRB- , stupid , stupid characters , and a Batman that is completely overshadowed by the villans.Tim Burtons as a director does his best to save this potato , but unfortuently even he ca n't . I loved '' BATMAN '' and '' BATMAN FOREVER '' , but this horrible sequel makes '' BATMAN & ROBIN '' -LRB- which sucks -RRB- seem like '' INDIANA JONES & THE LAST CRUSADE '' !
 Michael Keaton 's amazing performance , Catwoman , and the visual effects are the only thing saving this movie from being the worst film ever made.Danny Devito -LRB- boy he should have won that Razzie , and Christopher Walken , are horrible in this movie and the script is SO awful that a five year old could do better.I am so glad that Batmn Forever saved the series and Batman and Robin is 1000x better than this!Avoid this movie at ALL costs !!!!
 Batman Returns is just plain sick at times . The Penguin , who used to be almost loveable in the original comics , is a homicidal nutball in the movie . The catwoman -LRB- who is in herself at times very disturbing . -RRB- is blond -LRB- she is supposed to be raven haired -RRB- and more of a pain to watch then anything else . The only redeeming value is the occational funny line from Penguin .
 With the same director , leading actor , and screen-writer , I would think that Batman Returns would be just as bad as the original . But I was wrong . It is much worse . Keaton continues his terrible portrayal of Batman , and is now joined by equally bad roles played by Danny DeVito and Christopher Walken.The plot of this movie is that the Penguin was abandoned at birth by his parents because of his , well penguin-like apparence . By black-mailing Christopher Walken , a powerful businessman , the Penguin wins the favor of Gotham and even runs for mayor all the while playing on the credulenc of the citizens . Oh yeah , Catwomen also seeks revenge on Walken 's character for pushing her out of a window . Unfortunately , Catwoman does not fit well into this already convoluted plot and makes even less sense why she forms a brief alliance with The Penguin to try to get rid of Batman . And it is disguisting hearding about The Penguin 's preverted proclivities regarding Catwoman . There is probably too much plot in this movie and not enough action ; and the plot is acriminous.This movie really only needed one good villian , but instead it got three sub-par ones . DeVito looks morticious with pale skin and stringy hair , and he walks around in soiled clothes and eats raw fish . Catwomen is little more than a vengence seeker and a lackluster love interest for Batman . Walken is the real puppet master in this movie , but he really is n't that interesting . Why create a normal villian for Batman when there are already two of this arch-rivials in the movie ? The reason is poor script-writting . The only good thing about this movie is that it signaled the end of the Burton/Keaton Batman era . The next two movies were not that great , but at least Batman Forever had likeable villians and more action . Batman and Robin was worse , but it still was n't as bad as the first two Batman movies . The new Batman Begins is the best one yet . Hopefully , it will redem the series and I even think that future movies that re-wrote storylines involving the Joker and The Penguin would be better than Batman and Batman Returns .
 I dont know how people can watch this movie and call it a good sequel . The movie is dreadful , and the Penguin is the worst villian in the Batman series . Burgess Meredith played Penguin in the orignal series , and is the only man who can play Penguin . This movie is too long , and its basically 2 hours of talking and about 20 minutes of action that is thrown in here and there . Save your money and buy the regular dvd with no speical features , this movie is not worth rebuying for speical features .
 This was not the best Batman movie . The beginning was awesome . While I was watching the beginning , I thought that this was going to be an awesome movie . I was wrong . The ending made no sense . Batman ripped off his mask and exposed his true identity to Max Shrek . He intended to take Shrek to the cops and if he had , Shrek would 've exposed his secret identity . If Batman had taken off his mask in front of only catwoman that would n't have been bad because she already knew who he was.Batman would never take off his mask and expose himself and especially not to a criminal . This was ridiculous . As I was coming home after buying this movie , I had a feeling that Batman would lose his mask in it . But I had no idea that they 'd be dumb enough to make him rip it off himself.My best friend wanted to watch this movie very badly so I started showing it to him . Ten minutes later he told me to shut it off . This movie was very popular but I know of at least two people who were not crazy about it .
 I 've been a Batman fan for almost all of my life . I own every movie and every Animated Series DVD collection , so i know what i 'm talking about . I had n't watched this , or the orginal , for quite a while . I sat down yesterday with the original , and loved it on a level i never had before . Everything was perfect , and i made up my mind that it 's one of the best movies i 've ever seen . So , with hopes high that i would enjoy Returns on a deeper level , like the original , i popped it into my VCR , and was disapointed beyond belief . How could Burton go so wrong with this one after hitting gold with the first ? First off , Batman is overshadowed WAY too much in this movie . He seems to be an afterthought to Catwoman , Penguin and Shreck . That 's a big problem . Another one is the Max Shreck character . I do n't know why they decided to put him in . Frankly , he adds nothing to the story , which is another big problem in the movie . The story is , simply , uninteresting until the last 45 minutes , when the Pegniun goes nuts on all the kids . That would 've been a great story by itself ; Penguin hates what his paretns did to him , and wants all the other kids to experience what he did . There . Nothing overly complicated . Instead they decide to go with Max Shrek wanting to create a power plant that does n't supply energy to Gotham , but drains the city of it . The mayor does n't agree , however , so Shreck tries to make Penguin mayor so he can go on with his dastardy deed . YAWN . The entire movie seems a bit off for some reason , except for the music , which is superb , and the set design , which is spell binding . So , to wrap up , do n't bother with this . It 's overrated , and coming from a die hard Batman fan , that means a lot . This could have been so much better , bottom line .
 I can not believe how bad this movie was ... I mean I liked the other Batman movies but this seems like such a bad movie . I can not believe the stupid worthless scenes and the amount it frightened my child when we were watching it together .
 Viewed
 Batman Returns . With a title like that , one would think that the movie would , I do n't know , actually be about Batman . But no , unfortunately , Tim Burton seems more content to focus the movie around the villains . Its like he wanted to make `` Penguin
 Tim Burton 's worst movie , hands down . It 's visually interesting , but that 's about all . Batman himself seems like a secondary character in this sequel , and unfortunately I could n't get into Danny Devito very much . He plays the role well , I suppose , but the story is awfully flimsy and there just is n't much to latch onto here . I will say that Michelle Pfiefer ... oh my ... I had a crush on her for months after seeing this for the first time . And it is n't just the skin-tight leather outfit -LRB- although it sure helped . -RRB- My . But in any case , watching her was the only redeemable distraction I could find in this disappointingly poor movie .
 Batman Returns followed the amazing Edward Scissorhands . And it showed that Tim Burton could not translate his personal vision to megabudget Hollywood fare . It is a grating , unfunny , depressingly awful film that virtually no one in their right mind would recommend . Audiences knew it , critics knew it.The positives
 ... wind.Tim Burton 's `` Batman Returns , '' even more than the original `` Batman , '' is a dark , brooding film , filled with hurt and fear , childhood wounds and festering adult resentments . It is also a most intriguing movie , great to look at , fun to talk about . There is no doubt Burton is a gifted director , but is he the right director for Batman ? The film opens in cruelty and shame , as the parents of a deformed baby put him into his bassinet and drop him into the river on a cold , snowy Christmas night . The frail little craft floats downstream and into the sewers of Gotham City , where the infant is rescued and raised by the penguins who luckily happen to live there.Arriving at adulthood , his hands like lobster claws , the Penguin -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- learns about the human world by peering out through sewer gratings . His soul burns with the need to discover who his parents were , and why they treated him so meanly.Elsewhere in Gotham , the mayor -LRB- Michael Murphy -RRB- presides over the municipal Christmas tree lighting before cold crowds under sullen skies . He is joined by the vile tycoon Max Shreck -LRB- Christopher Walken -RRB- , who has a scheme to build a power plant that will drain the city of its energy . His browbeaten secretary -LRB- Michelle Pfeiffer -RRB- , killed after she discovers the scheme , is licked back to life by alley cats and vows vengeance , sewing herself a skintight , fetishistic costume and venturing out into the night as Catwoman.Meanwhile , in the bat cave beneath his gloomy mansion , Batman -LRB- Michael Keaton -RRB- ponders whatever deep needs led to his own peculiar existence.Even back in the days when Batman lived in comic books , his world was a little darker than , say , Superman 's . There was a shade of film noir in Gotham City , in contrast to the deco 1930s optimism of Superman 's Metropolis . The Dark Knight , a graphic novel that inspired the Batman movies , was darker still , and now Burton takes it all the way - into a movie set mostly at night , photographed on refrigerated sets , so that the actors sometimes look as if they would rather have a mug of hot chocolate than all the passion and wealth in the city.The plot does n't exactly unwind like a well-coiled machine . The movie proceeds in fits and starts , from one little drama to another , as the Penguin ventures out from his subterranean haunts , and a newspaper circulation war leads to scare stories about his alleged crimes.The evil Max Shreck meanwhile directs his henchmen in a conspiracy to deliver Gotham into his own megalomaniac hands , and Murphy , as the incumbent mayor , blathers like an ineffectual nonentity while the Penguin mounts a campaign against him.Batman is summoned by the Batsignal to the side of Police Commissioner Gordon -LRB- Pat Hingle -RRB- , to do battle against the crime wave . And on his nocturnal rounds , he crosses paths with Catwoman , whose claws can draw blood , and who is as skilled as Batman in climbing high buildings , swinging through the air , and employing the martial arts . Dressed in their fetishistic costumes , they would obviously make an ideal couple - something that occurs to them more gradually than it does to us . Their few erotic moments together are , alas , so incomplete and unsatisfying they look as if they might have been trimmed for the PG-13 . Remembering the movie and contrasting it to my childhood memories of the comic books , I wonder if perhaps I can not fully respond to this film because I was shaped in a kinder , gentler time.I always thought it would be fun to be Batman . The movie believes it is more of a curse - that Batman is not a crime-fighting superhero but a reclusive neurotic who feels he has to prove himself to a society he does not really inhabit.All of Tim Burton 's films -LRB- `` Pee Wee 's Big Adventure , '' `` Beetlejuice , '' `` Edward Scissorhands '' and the two Batmans -RRB- are about characters whose strange qualities place them outside the mainstream , and who live in worlds that owe everything to art direction and set design . Looking at these movies is a pleasure - they are not ordinary , or boring.Perhaps I would have enjoyed Batman more if the movie had been about someone else , perhaps one of those Marvel superheroes who frankly concede their personal inadequacies . I can admire the movie on many levels , but I can not accept it as Batman . And I was disappointed that the disjointed plot advanced so unsteadily , depriving us of the luxury of really caring about the outcome.It is a common theory that when you have a hero , like James Bond , Superman or Batman , in a continuing series , it 's the villain that gives each movie its flavor . `` Batman '' had the Joker , played by Jack Nicholson , to lend it energy , but the Penguin is a curiously meager and depressing creature ; I pitied him , but did not fear him or find him funny . The genius of Danny DeVito is all but swallowed up in the paraphernalia of the role . `` Batman Returns '' is odd and sad , but not exhilarating.I give the movie a negative review , and yet I do n't think it 's a bad movie ; it 's more of a misguided one , made with great creativity , but denying us what we more or less deserve from a Batman story . Looking back over both films , I think Burton has a vision here and is trying to shape it to the material , but it just wo n't fit . No matter how hard you try , superheroes and film noir do n't go together ; the very essence of noir is that there are no more heroes . I had a feeling by the end of this film that Batman was beginning to get the idea .
 See my review for BATMAN . This is more of the same , only even worse . However , it has Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman . She single-handedly elevates this into almost worth watching . I still love her , even though this and FRANKIE AND JOHNNY are her two really good roles ... and THE RUSSIA HOUSE .
 I do n't what I disliked about this movie the most . The fact that Gothom City looks like a war zone , or the fact that the story 's focus is not on Batman again -LRB- even though the movie is called Batman -RRB- or that the Penquin is the most repulsive one ever created for film . The first movie had Jack Nicolson in it , this one has nothing .
 `` Batman Returns '' has plenty of atmosphere about it . There 's no denying that . However , this sequel pales in comparison to its predecessor . The scenery is dark and moody , but the character of the `` Penguin '' is just atrocious . How did a rich , greedy , power-hungry villain in the comics become a mutated , flipper-handed freak ? Keaton does a fine job as the `` Dark Knight , '' but his performance is n't enough to save this divebomb . Michelle Pfeiffer is good as the `` Catwoman , '' but her squabble with Max Shreck -LRB- Christopher Walken -RRB- was weightless in this movie . Her story seems too rushed in order to cram `` Batman 's '' struggles with her and `` Penguin '' in an acceptable movie time length.The special effects are okay , but the heavily armed penguins are just silly looking . `` Batman '' has a couple of new toys , but his `` Batboat , '' much like the `` Batwing '' in the first flick , makes a quick entrance and exit.It 's obvious that Tim Burton was given a lot more creative freedom on this project . That 's too bad , because he takes too many liberties with the characters involved on this project . The whole film has this `` Edward Scissorhands '' feel in it . I usually enjoy Burton 's projects , but this one goes too far with its brooding yet goofy atmosphere.In this movie we are introduced to the idea that all of `` Batman 's '' villains have to team up in order to beat him . This one has three
 i love batman . my favorite comicbook character by far . i also really liked the first movie . and have seen the other 4 . given that the newest 2 -LRB- dark knight and begins -RRB- are the best , and forever/batman & robin ; are considered to be the worst . i must say that i have to put this movie in the bottom of them all . and it is probably one of the worst and most hated of my films ever . i just purchased and watched the bluray anthology just to double check ... yep this movie sucks . heres why : its not about batman . Micheal Keaton who is the best bruce wayne ever -LRB- even though Bale is a better batman , is barely even in the movie . the entire film focuses on the 3 -LRB- ! -RRB- villains!bastardization of the comic books . catwomen 's and penguin 's characters are completely destroyed and made up from nothing . terrible stories and visions . sorry Tim , you went crazy . the best ` villian ' isnt even from the comics ! -LRB- largely because it is played by Walken . -LRB- batman kills people ... -RRB- stupid plot all around . really now , this is the dumbest plot of any batman movie devised . rocket wielding penguins ? cmon ... the score . the music is excellent HOWEVER , it is completely inappropriate for this movie . i was ready to turn this crap off when i heard the cheerful and circus-y soundtrack to batman beating up some goons or catwoman doing backflips . what the hell , has Tim also gone deaf?overall the only good thing about this movie are the performances of the terrible characters . the actors are all top notch and i commend then for the excellent job they all did . devito is excellent . pfeffier is amazing . keaton is inspiring and walken is as usual a show stopper . i feel bad for all these people having to be associated with such terrible writing .
 Visually stimulating and persistently off-kilter with a few well-acted , stylistically creative scenes -LRB- Pfeiffer 's return home , the ballroom revelation -RRB- but primarily spooky , goofy , and disgusting . Heroism , excitement , and interesting characters are nowhere - and I mean nowhere - to be found.I frequently had to remind myself that I was supposedly enduring a Batman movie . It 's hard to remember that when a third of the picture is spent showing a slimy , fanged and flippered midget eat a raw fish whole as the contents of its bowels stream down his chin . All while he 's running for mayor . Whee . I completely checked out when they rolled out the all-terrain rubber ducky and the rocket-launching penguins.This film is essentially just two hours of Tim Burton pleasuring himself .
 My love for cats and penguins ! Michael Keaton still sucks as Batman . Danny DeVito was basicaly the only choice for the Penguin so I ca n't hold anything against him . Michelle Pfiffer ca n't act at all . There are a couple parts of this movie that confused me . 1 . If Batman found out that Penguin escaped from a freak show , why did we see that prolouge with PeeWee Herman throwing a baby into the sewer ? 2 . Why does Artic World let their penguins roam freely in the sewers without a fence to keep them from running away ? 3 . Why does Artic World have hundreds of penguins ? I doubt that a zoo would have that many penguins . And do n't argue with me about the Penguin breeding them underground because at the begining of the film he did n't have very many . And last but not least , 4 . Why did the people of Gothom name the man who lives in the sewers the Penguin even though they never met him befor ? If you ask me , this storyline would make a lot more sense with Killer Croc . Michelle Pfiffer was n't even one demensional with the character of Catwoman , watching her try to deal with the role was very annoying . Danny DeVito was very good as Penguin but the costume was terrible ! Probably the thing that makes me watch this film again is the end with all those penguins scurrying about . I ca n't help but giggle when I see them -LRB- I love penguins -RRB- ! If you 're not a penguin or a cat lover then skip this movie entirly !
 This has to be the worst Batman movie ever made , if not the worst movie period . Clown gangsters , suicide penguin bombers , a giant rubber duck with tank wheels , how much worse can it get ? Much , much worse . A terrible , almost nonexistent , storyline , bad special effects . I ca n't even begin to explain the downright stupidity of this movie . Do not waste your time or your money .
 This movie is disgusting . None of the characters are the least bit interesting and it seems the sole purpose of Danny Devito 's Penguin is to be gross . At least the original Batman movie had some wit and decent music . Do n't waste your time with this worthless use of videotape .
 People all over complain that Joel Schumacher killed the Batman franchise . As far as I 'm concerned , the only thing that kept that Bat-series alive was the huge amounts of cash it raked in -LRB- Batman was the highest-grossing superhero film of all-time until they released Spider-Man -RRB- . From the very beginning , the movies were a disgrace to the original comic book -LRB- which to this day I am still a devoted fan of -RRB- . First of all , people accept without question that Michael Keaton is the best choice to play Batman . I 'm thinking ... no ! Michael Keaton is a bad actor , and , despite popular belief -LRB- although I love Jack Nicholson -RRB- , Jack was not right for the role . He was a good villain , but a bad Joker . Anyway , off to THIS movie . Everything that was wrong with the first film is still here . Poor casting -LRB- the only one they ever got right was Alfred -RRB- , bad script , mangled storylines , and everything . The mangled storyline is what I 'm most concerned about here . And I bet you know whos . Oh yeah , the Penguin . First off , he never was a mutant . Penguin was always just a nickname . Second , he never lived in a sewer . The Penguin is a crime-tycoon who lives in luxury , not some ... . Third , he DEFINATELY , NEVER , EVER , ATE RAW FISH ! People just ca n't understand ! He is not a Penguin ! That is his nickname ! And killer penguins ? Sheesh ... But seriously ? You would think in this case that it would be cheaper to stick with the storyline -LRB- since the would n't have to have all those extra set pieces , and they would n't have to bribe Bob kane to let them use it -RRB- . But anyway , Danny DeVito does a good job , considering the ... script-type thing , he has to work with . Also , they should have left out Max Schreck entirely . Just , no . Other than the silly script , the bad acting , and the mangled plot , this movie is fine . And the music and set design are so amazing , I was nice enough to give this poor excuse for a film an extra star . Anyway , I am simply ecstatic that the Batman movie franchise is being rebooted ! SOMEONE AT WB FINALLY CAME TO THEIR SENSES AND PULLED THEIR HEAD OUT OF THEIR ...
 this is just a re-release of the original bare bones dvd . no bonus content at all .
 Batman Returns And no doubt so will the audiences that turned the first film into a $ 1 billion enterprise . But they 're going to find that the Dark Knight -LRB- Michael Keaton -RRB- forgot to include a Batscript in his utility belt this time out . What plot there is has Batman facing two new archvillains
 Tim Burton returned to direct this sequel to the successful `` Batman , '' but here the premise is too dark and too grisly . Danny DeVito is just okay as the Penguin , but even worse is Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman . Michael Keaton has absolutely nothing to do with his role and this film is mostly just an excuse for Tim Burton to be scary . The plot is absurd , the characters are unconvincing , including Christopher Walken as a minor bad guy . Consequently , Burton did not return to direct the next two films .
 this movie was dissapointing . Penguin is my favorite villan of batman . Tim burton ruined his funny image . he also dies !!!! The penguin was also sadistic and cold blooded . The one i 'm used to is normal , formal , and funny . how sad .
 Again , if you 're gon na adopt a comic book , stick to it ... . If you do n't respect the original source -LRB- other than minor embellishments -RRB- , there 's no point in making the film . Mel Gibson did n't make Jesus a cyborg , did he ? Spielberg did n't make the shark a killer whale in Jaws , right?Just consider a few things ... 1 -RRB- The penguin never had flippers , never lived in a sewer and definitely never ate raw fish ... 2 -RRB- Why was the Max Shreck -LRB- although the name was cool -RRB- character even necessary ? 3 -RRB- Gotham looks like a fake city , not a real one4 -RRB- We 're asked to believe that Catwoman , in her genesis , survived a fall from a 40 or 50 story building . In the comic book , Catwoman , like Batman , has no super powers whatever . None.That 's just for openers . Visually , the film was enjoyable , but as a whole , again , disjointed and pretentious . Why not make a Batman film that 's based on the comic ? It can still be quite dark , but truer to the source , and likely more enjoyable .
 I found BATMAN RETURNS to be a dull film even for the caped crusader I felt that MICHEAL KEATON looked and acted bored in this film . MICHELLE PHIEFFER I really could ` nt stand either , the only person I liked was DANNY DEVITO as the PENQUIN as he stole the show like JACK NICKHOLSAN before him he 's the only reason this film is ` nt a total disaster . I 'm not going to even metion CHRISTOPHER WALKEN 'S character you 'll see why when you watch this film . All in all this film is not as bad as BATMAN AND ROBIN but it 's close . One final word TIM BURTON how could you ?!!
 Unfortunately I wasnt a kid when this film first came out , So have no nostalgic feeling for it.I came out of the comics back when Neal Adams brought back the darker , brooding Batman from what he had become after the TV show made him more of a silly `` camp '' cartoon clown . I mean , I like Adam West ... in a sort of William Shatner kind of way , but the show was always about the punchline.so when the Batman movies did come along , I was waiting for more of a Neal Adams , acrobatic and vengeful Batman ... but was pretty dissappointed when they returned with a perhaps darker , but more drawing on the TV show Batman once again . So I only saw Batman and Batman Returns once , when they initially came out.anyway , Last night `` Returns '' was on TV and I decided I better give it another chance to see what all the hoopla was about . ... and I still ca n't see it . Yes Michelle is very Hot in her costume and her story was a bit more complex than I remembered , in fact the movie seems to revolve around her ... which I guess is a positive , but it just wasnt enough to keep it from being the campy Burton film it is.I 'm just not getting where the `` Dark , Moody and brooding '' stuff is coming from . The whole night time lighting of the rooftop scenes actually reminds me more of The Chimney sweep dancing scene in Mary Poppins . Dont get me wrong , I thought Mary Poppins was very well done , But for the Creature of the night Batman is supposed to be ... ok maybe hes not supposed to be , but I thought he was supposed to be ... this was just a bit to crisp , clear and bright . the camera work in the fight scenes and the fights themselves , I wanted to be more amazing aswell . not this posing , punching , hold the camera still for the running backflips then back into stiff fighting poses . Batman should be almost faster than you can see in his movements , So should Catwoman , Not out there posing!the Penguin ? geez , yeah , he 's pretty grotesque.he 's got penguins with rocket backpacks running around and a lot of people get killed in the movie , but I 'm just dont get sucked into this movie . Its just too campy for me.But if you want you Batman that way , then hey this is a pretty good film , I guess.But I much prefer the more recent Batman Begins . for me , That one finally got it right .
 Look , I 'm used to movies like `` Better than chocolate '' , `` Listen '' , `` Gia '' , Monster , series like `` The L word '' , real good lesbian stuff . When I got this movie thinking it was a good lesbian drama , I was completly dissapointed . Boring , unrealistic , stupid ... do not waste your time/money . The real lesbian of the movie ends up with a guy , and the main characters were so boring ! oh god ! I still regret I watched it . Hey , if you wan na see a lesbian movie that has never been properly discovered , buy `` Listen '' , it 's only a VHS version , but it 's hot , great lesbian thriller ... reminds me of Basic Instinct but better .
 With altogether too brief funny moments to break it up , the overall feel of this movie was amaturish and wooden . Based on a hard to believe premise - would you , as an ex who was jilted 10 short months ago , agree to be the Maid of Honor for the lover who left you ? - nope , me either . I kept feeling like I was watching a bad high school theater production - shot in the Winchester mystery house . Continuity issues , a weak and disjointed story line heavy on the stereotypes , and a badly stiched together plot drove this movie into the dirt for me.Watching paint dry would have been so much more entertaining.I want my 98 minutes back .
 The reviews here reveal that some people found pleasure in this film . Unfortunately , I do not find myself among them . I could not wait for it to end . I watched the whole thing only because I had paid to rent it , but it was mostly a painful experience.No one is really connected to anyone in this film . Almost all the characters seem narcissistic and flippant . There are so many characters introduced who are carrying zany , personal issues , and we are supposed to care about these . But the reader has no motivation to care , due to the disorganized storyline.The attempt to create a warm reunion of people who care about each other falls short . None of the characters have much heart , and there are even several face-slapping scenes ! The only appealing character was the young nerdy woman , who appears briefly . Please , let us have more well-written films with appealing characters .
 I appreciate the effort . I really do . Especially from a woman filmmaker on a tight budget . I applaud the movie for that reason only . 1 star for effort!But , honestly , are n't there any decent scripts and actors out there ? Is n't there anyone willing to invest money in lesbian films ? We are STARVED for anything half way decent , and will shell out some bucks on Amazon to get it . But I refuse to part with hard earned cash for something on par with the very bad `` Bar Girls , '' which describes this movie to a T.Unfortunately , this film gets one star from me because -LRB- a -RRB- it was completely unbelievable , -LRB- b -RRB- the pacing was terrible , -LRB- c -RRB- the acting was energetic , but not in the right places , and -LRB- d -RRB- I was bored.A MUCH better low budget/made by women film is `` Kissing Jessica Stein . '' Even `` Go Fish '' gets points for style -LRB- and 2 stars from me , although it DID have worse acting -RRB- . Back to the drawing board ! And do n't ask for my money until you have something at `` It 's in the Water '' - level or better .
 I do n't even know how I got through this movie . The characters are one-demensional , the plot is non-exsistant . I think this is what my grandmother used to call dreck !! Seriously , stay far , far away !!!
 I just do n't know what to say other than save your money . This movie was just pure nonsense . I wish I could 've given it zero stars .
 It was okay . The acting was n't all that great and neither was the story line . I did like how April 's mother came around so fast and was more concerned about her daughter being happy rather than who she was with .
 Unfortunatly the bad -LRB- actors -RRB- actresses make us forget the interest of the subject
 I am doing research on lesbian films . And so far I have been completely let down with only a few exceptions , the best exception so far is Saving Face , I will explain.It has been my experience watching `` lesbian '' films that in some way , shape , or form a man is involved before woman proclaims her lesbianism or after , as in April Showers . I do not know ANY lesbian who would sleep with a man . Even in the highly proclaimed lesbian film Go Fish a `` lesbian '' sleeps with a man . Its a disgrace and an insult to imagine that any lesbian would sleep with a man.I have nothing against men , I have several male friends . But this seems like a male propaganda in order to change the face of lesbianism into `` just waiting for the man arrive . `` What 's worse , is that a woman film maker would even consider making a lesbian film where the lesbian sleeps with a man.These films are shameful and should never be in teh same category as lesbian films . They should be with the bisexual films .
 It starts out kinda interesting but later it turns out to be like the third season of the l word . . it has its funny moments but some of the scenes go way too over the top . . the only thing worth watching would be the chick who plays Alex -LRB- the maid of honor -RRB- = -RRB-
 Not what I had hoped for to say the least ! While I realize that this is Amazon and not hard core central , this film did nothing for me at all.The ` sex ' scenes were over way to quickly . There was way too little for-play and not much to the actual act either . There was female nudity , but no male parts -LRB- except for an occasional arse . -RRB- The implication of various acts was there , but they did nothing to heat the blood.Still , if you want to see an ` ehh ' movie with some humor and lots of naked lovelies and only 90 min ... well , be my guest .
 This movie would appeal to men . I was disappointed . I thought , being written my a woman , it would have a woman 's sensibilities . It did not . REALLY BAD MOVIE !!!!
 The History Channel should be ashamed of this production because it is fraught with falsehoods.For example , it claims that the `` Christian Church '' considers all human sexual acts as `` lust . '' According to the History Channel , this alleged viewpoint brought about the `` dark ages . '' In fact , the Church condemns lust because it is a vice by which one person abuses another as a sexual object , but the Church also teaches that within a loving marriage sexual acts are sanctifying . See sections 1601-1658 in the Catechism of the Catholic Church , which includes relevant citations.In this series , the History Channel also claims that there are no descriptions of hell in the Bible and the only descriptions come from the novelist Dante . Yet Christ describes hell in Matthew 13 ; Mark 9 ; and Luke 16 , to name just a few places in the Bible . Revelation 20 is stunning ... and there are more.These are only two major errors in the series and there is n't enough space to name them all . So the producers and History Channel network execs are either incompetent or they disregard truth . Either way , this DVD series would be a waste of your time and money .
 I placed an order for what I thought was a Ballet with Soprano and Chorus titled The Seven Deadly Sins , by Brecht and Weill . The performance starred Theresa Stratas . What I got was some puerile pap from the History Channel . When I contacted the seller there was no offer to put things right . Needless to say , I am quite put out . As I played the disc before I realized my mistake , I am stuck . Not only that , the ordering process resulted in my receiving 2 of the things . I can send one back , but am not well enough to go to the post office . Live and learn . Carolyn Seeman
 I blame myself for not looking more closely at the product description and reviews , but I was in a hurry and at work when I clicked `` buy '' -- Was surprise how short the program was , and found the lengthy ad at the beginning HIGHLY annoying . The instructor moves to quickly thru the exercises so I never felt I was able to really get deeply into any of the poses -- his explanations of poses was also often to rushed and incomplete -- and overall , I found his style overly earnest and yoga-pretentious . Was quite disappointed .
 I am not a yoga novice , though I am greatly out of shape due to recurring back problems over the course of a year . That being said , many of the yoga poses in this DVD are difficult -LRB- dare I say dangerous -RRB- if one actually has back problems . This would be more helpful to keep your back healthy , or to keep it healthy after having regained health . If you are currently experiencing back issues , especially lower back , I would not recommend this DVD at all . One session leaves me in pain which , oddly enough with all my back issues , I was not in prior.Stick with stretching , like the kind found on yoga journal . To find the relevant article and yoga poses there , google `` yoga journal practice 169 release your psoas . '' From them you will find relief , not pain.Or , if you wish to stick with Rodney Yee -LRB- who really is talented , despite this particular DVD -RRB- , buy his book instead.Moving Toward Balance
 I love Rodney Yee 's DVDs . This one however fell short of my expectations . I ordered it because I had pulled some muscles in my back and thought the exercises would help to relieve my pain . I was mistaken . It made the pain even worse . I could n't sleep because the pain was so bad . I went back to the AM yoga routine by Rodney -LRB- AM/PM Yoga -RRB- which did help to relieve my pain little by little .
 The video shows a handful of yoga poses that lasts about 5 minutes . The next 20 + minutes of the video is a loop of the first 5 minutes .
 I purchased this DVD hoping to get help with my back pain . However , I was very disappointed in it once I received it . Not only did it go too fast , there were no allowances for someone like myself -LRB- being a beginner for one and experiencing current back pain , second -RRB- who might have trouble attaining the prescribed poses . Not everyone is as flexible as this guy just starting out . Not to mention he keeps talking about the position of your head . How are you supposed to watch and copy what he does on your TV screen if your supposed to turn your head away from it ? A good yoga dvd will give you alternative poses if you 're unable to do the advanced moves this guy was doing . Also he kept talking about breathing ? I tried to follow along with the breathing the video was telling me too . I got dizzy and nearly passed out because it was n't consistent . How in the world are you supposed to `` breath in '' like it says , then it tells you to `` breath out '' over a minute later . Does that mean we 're supposed to hold our breath in between ? A good instructor -LRB- regardless of what class they 're teaching -RRB- pays attention to their class -LRB- a.k.a. audience -RRB- and thinks about what they are capable of . A beginner is n't going to be able to do HALF this stuff on this DVD . Mr. Yee seriously needs to take a look at this review AND his DVD -LRB- if he does he 'll see just how smug and self involved he comes across in it -RRB- then go back and remake it .
 I was really disappointed by this DVD . My acupuncturist had recommended that I try a Rodney Yee video , but I do n't think he knows that this is mostly fluff -- there 's lots of advertising and talking , but only 20 minutes of actual yoga . So as a yoga session , it 's just too short to be of much use except for absolute beginners -- but it 's clearly not aimed at them , as Rodney uses poses that true beginners would not already know , and does not instruct in how to do them.More important , the yoga exercises are too short . The program is 90 % stretching , but the stretches are not held long enough to be effective . The poses are also too brief . And there are not enough of them -- real back work involves strengthening back and abdominal core , but there are only a few poses in this program that do that.Based on this DVD , I will not buy anything from this source
 The worst Yoga dvd I have ever bought . There is no audio instruction . You watch the same move over and over . It does not even give time to change from position to position . I like to follow video to exercise . You can definitely not do this . I do n't know what 's point of this video .
 I have had this yoga dvd before and it is a great one work out by . However the recording of this one was not done correctly and the introduction played fine , but the actual yoga routine would not play . Maybe it was a bootleg recording .
 This product is garbage and Amazon should be ashamed of themselves even allowing it to be sold on line to unsuspecting customers .
 Story and picture quality aside , it is very annoying that the film seems to have been transferred off center . From the opening titles to the dialog boxes , anywhere from one to three letters of the printing are missing on the left side of the screen . I guess you get what you pay for .
 These DVDs are `` Laserlight '' releases which mean that they have very poor quality picture and sound.Wait for the new Hitchcock Box sets which have clear picture and sound plus documentaries and other extras.The superb Criterion versions are also a good choice.If it 's introduced by Tony Curtis , then it 's Laserlight , avoid it !
 This film , like most of his early work , is for Hitchcock aficionados only . I am an admirer of Hitchcock and also enjoy old British films , but I still found this movie tough going , not least because of the 110 mins running time . The picture quality of this Laserlight DVD is not perfect , but it is perfectly watchable and probably a lot better than you 'd expect for the price . The musical score is also okay , but nothing to write home about . Laserlight do however pose a mystery that Hitch himself would have been proud of . This DVD has no commentary , no documentary and no trailer , not even one of those awful Tony Curtis intros . So why do Laserlight describe this DVD as a ` Special Edition ' ?
 Videos of better quality can be found on YouTube . Menu does n't work . Not enough content to justify price . Save yourself the heartbreak and just watch glorious City victories over United for free elsewhere . I mean , seriously , how can you pay over $ 5 for a video with this title that does n't include the last derby at Maine Road ? US-based Blues beware !
 Spoilers within , beware.Here 's a few of the things that bug me about ST6 now that I 'm a bitter old man : Sulu 's ship just happening to be hit by an energy wave that apparently traveled faster than light . Computers/scanners that ca n't tell whether two photon torpedos were fired from someplace * outside * the Enterprise , but can detect a little piece of Velcro from a hundred light-years away . Communications officers so stupid they have to look through books -- and old books at that -- to translate Klingon . -LRB- I thought `` we 'd never been this close ... '' so who went to the Klingon Public Library ? And were n't they close enough to beam Tribbles aboard a Klingon cruiser in TOS ? -RRB- Line after endless , aggravating line of unnecessary , distracting literary references -- at the expense of real dialogue . The thrilling `` searching through closets and dresser drawers '' scene . Valeris just happening to frame the only Enterprise crew member with size 19 feet . Assassins so stupid they hide bloodstained uniforms in a ventilation duct in the Officer 's Lounge . Conspirators so stupid they hide assassins ' bodies in main turbolifts . The shapeshifter inexplicably shifting into Kirk 's form ... and then not shifting back -- why ? So we could have a nifty shot of Kirk disintegrating for the movie trailers . Oh , and it was EXCELSIOR that was scouting out the `` gaseous planetary anomolies , '' not Enterprise . This is not nitpicking . These are major plot points -- and I hate to say it , but they 're really quite stupid . Last but not least
 I looked forward to this film before it came out in theatres since Star Trek V was so horrible , alas this effort is only so-so . The character interactions were good , I liked that part . What I did n't like was the silly whodunnit storyline that was too predictable anyway . It had so many holes . For instance on the prison planet , why not just shoot Spock and McCoy right away ? Why set up this elaborate scheme with Iman 's character and then surround them ? I mean , what if they managed to escape ? Which they did by the way.Also , why did n't the bioscanner on the transporter pick up the klingon blood that the two shooters had on their boots when they reenergized ? How did they manage to beam out without the bridge knowing about it ? These were some of the little things to be sure , but they really add up in this movie.A very disappointing movie . I guess Star Trek I & IV will be the only installments with the original crew that I enjoyed .
 Just when you thought Paramount was coming around and being nice ... they find a way to stick it to the ever faithful Star Trek fans who support the franchise and the undeserving pocketbooks of the Paramount executives.After `` re '' - releasing all 5 movies in its `` special edition '' format after making the public buy all the movies in its regular `` no extras '' format , the executives in an effort to `` save costs '' decide to skimp out on the booklet . Booklets which which accompanied the previous five special edition releases!So after all that the executives manages to screw the loyal fans once again -- enough to make one FUME with rage.That 's not to down grade the movie -- which is exceptional due to Nick Meyer 's direction . Mr. Meyer , if you read this I hope you give the TIGHTWAD Paramount execs a piece of your mind on our behalf .
 I do n't understand why everyone likes this movie so much . There is nothing special about it . It is predictable , has a wooden plot , and runs like a standard TV episode of virtually any action TV show . There is no imagination , depth , or creativity in it . It 's just a simple shallow drama . Nothing stands out from it . I have no idea what the rest here is seeing . It does n't compare at all with any of the other Star Trek movies . Even Star Trek V is better than this .
 Have you ever purchased a MAJOR movie release which doesnt have a booklet or atleast a token insert ? Probably , NOT . Except the executives at Paramount feel they can get away with it by short - changing the person most likely to loyally purchase the sixth installment of the Star Trek movies === the Star Trek fan.You would think , that as the last movie with all the original cast that they would perhaps have included a commemorative signoff booklet or something.Preying on the Star Trek fan 's desire to have a `` complete set '' , Paramount is going to release all six movies as a boxed set which more than likely is going to include extras forcing the loyal fan to purchase -LRB- for the third time -RRB- all six movies again because this set WILL include that ever elusive booklet .
 In my opinion , this is the worst ST movie . Apart from the effects , ST V was better.ST VI was extremely long , involved lots of `` commentary '' dialogue -LRB- where the writer seemed to be extrememly concerned that we all think him well-read and intelligent -RRB- , and not much plot movement.It would have made a better episode , with some tight editing , The best part of the movie is the last 15 minutes when the incredibly obvious `` secret plot '' is finally revealed , and the Enterprise shoots the modified photon torpedo at the `` To be or not to be '' captain.Don ' t waste your money , unless you HAVE to have the whole collection . ST V is funnier . The Voyage Home -LRB- IV -RRB- is the best .
 And that 's exactly what this movie , for I hesitate to honor it by calling it a film , is.I grew up on Star Trek , racing home from school to ensure I got my homework done so I could watch the reruns uninterrupted . I grasped the concepts and the allegories presented in each story and it made me think about another kind of world . Perhaps a better one.The Motion Pictures were slow at first ; ST : TMP was ethereal and intellectual . ST : TWOK was Shoot 'em up bang bang . The series caught it 's stride with ST : TSFP , combining emotionalism , intellect , and action in a mixture thoroughly enjoyable to both Trekkies and Non-Trekkies alike.Then , as did the television series , it began to stumble and fall . ST : TFF was reminiscent of a third season episode as Paramount was getting ready to close up shop on the series , and Gene Roddenberry was getting out while the getting was good . An absurd story and poor special effects combined to make a film that was almost painful to watch.The Undiscovered Country is a thinly disguised rehashing of the Cold War using the imminent collapse of the Klingon Empire due to an industrial accident on the Homeworld 's moon as it 's impetus . Kirk , et al are given as a fig leaf as envoys to diplomatically solve the problem.The assassination of the Klingon leader Gorkon , who is offering peace during this mission , and the ensuing Klingon Kangaroo Court places Kirk and McCoy on a Penal Colony asteroid , convicted of murder.When it is finally established that Klingon Military , led by General Chang is at the heart of the conspiracy to prevent a peaceful solution between the Federation and the Klingons by assassinating first Gorkon , then in a failed attempt , the president of the Federation , there is an inevitable final battle between Kirk and Chang . With just as inevitable results.While the television series often did the same , specifically regarding Viet Nam and the Cold War of almost forty years ago , it did so with a great deal more tact , and much more creative writing.The Undiscovered Country does n't have those qualities . It is preachy and strident . The actors and actresses speak and behave far out of character , i.e. , Spock 's mind assault on his lieutenant , and their strongly hinted at affair , or Scotty 's comment regarding `` that Klingon b *** h '' . This is a movie that tries to use special effects to compensate for poor writing , worse gags for cheap laughs , and a total lack of regard for well established and well known characters.No , this is not Star Trek at it 's best , or even , in my opinion , Star Trek at all . It is the final wringing of the now only damp towel of the franchise , to get those last few drops of cash from it before the original crew was too old to make any more movies.I stopped collecting at The Voyage Home . Do n't waste your money , or , more importantly , your time .
 Again , Paramount fails to bring us `` TREK '' in DVD quality . Just like Generations , the quality of picture was well below that of most `` re-mastered for DVD '' movies . Although the sound quality was great , it still did n't make up for the `` VHS '' picture quality . I liked the story a lot , and I enjoyed watching it in the theaters , but on DVD this is average at best . Again , no special features except for the 2 movie trailers . I hope Paramount gets the message that we want the movies to be `` re-mastered '' for DVD and will pay for it .
 With Paramount jumping on the DVD bandwagon , it 's good to see some of our favorite Star Trek films now available on DVD . With the initial release of First Contact , featuring a 16x9 enhanced widescreen presentation , I figured Paramount was heading in the right direction . Generations was released soon after , but lacked the 16x9 enhancement - which would have been the only reason why I would have purchased that movie . The original Laser was one of the first Dolby Digital laserdiscs , and I didnt see the cost justification . However , Star Trek VI was * the * first Dolby Digital film , period . Dolby Labs considered it an experiment at the time . I knew the DVD would be 5.1 enhanced , so I preordered this movie.It was bad . While the sound was great , the widescreen was not even at the original ratio -LRB- around a 2.1:1 , the laserdisc had the same problem -RRB- And they had the nerve to put the subtitles in the lower black bar , which were cut off on my 16x9 TV . It looked like a duplicate of the laserdisc , and they thought they could just compensate by pushing the film up higher , thus eliminating the top black bar in widescreen mode . Most of these subtitles below were cut off.While I give the 2 stars for the Dolby Digital sound , I give it no stars for grainy video and poor widescreen implementation . If you have the original laserdisc , and are satisfied with the sound quality , do n't bother with the DVD .
 Well it was . Following along that old time tradition of labeling the odd-numbered Star Treks as inferior to the even-numbered ones , I set myself up for failure with the 1st , 3rd , and 5th , and got varying degrees of just that.But I may have been far too generous in watching this film , due to its being even-numbered , and made by the same director who made Wrath of Khan.I ca n't precisely point out just where or why , but this entire film felt like it was missing several hours of exposition , perhaps backstory from episodes of `` The Next Generation '' I never saw , and I end up feeling completely lost and confused , even in the face of the obvious.The story claims to be some sort of `` Cold War in Space ! '' idea , yet perhaps my being born in 1988 and never experiencing the Cold War leads me to not really understand this concept . I can definitely see it , but I ca n't FEEL it.The story involves some kind of planetary explosion that threatens to destroy the Klingon Empire , so a Klingon ambassador goes to the Federation to try to negotiate a lasting peace treaty and an opening of the two nations to work together and help them . For reasons of `` DRAMA ! '' , Kirk is inexplicably racist against Klingons . This is explained via that old Red Herring , David , his son who was killed by the Klingons . In my original review for Search for Spock , I praised this as a show of Christopher Lloyd 's Klingon guy 's menace and its immediate effect on Kirk , which of course could not be as powerful as the loss of Spock , given that Kirk never really knew David.But after watching the entire Original Series , and seeing Kirk 's almost friendly relationship with enemy Klingons , this sudden fanatic , racist hatred of them in Star Trek VI really does seem to come out of nowhere . I mirrored Spock in feeling sudden confusion and shock at Kirk 's inexplicable hatred of Klingons.And for some reason , I never really feel as though this hatred is anything more than a Red Herring , or otherwise a plot device that never really ends up fully utilized by the script . He hates Klingons , yes , but this never in any way forces him to confront his racism or compromise his principles due to racism -LRB- or overcoming that racism -RRB- , and in the end Kirk just handsomes his way through the events without really learning anything beyond the cheap and tawdry after-school special `` Well I know now that Klingons do n't ALL really want to hurt us , so I 'll stop being racist ! '' message.Racism is NOT a jealousy or a grudge or something cheap and tawdry that can be resolved by a single moment or sheer willpower . It can definitely be world-changing for a racist to have someone of the other race do something for or to them to completely change their view , but this movie has nothing at all like that -- there are no Klingons who really affect Kirk in this way , not even the ambassador who confides in Kirk , up to his own death.The main storyline involves an assassination of the Ambassador by people dressed as Federation crewmembers , coming after the apparent attack on the Ambassador 's ship by the Enterprise , though the Enterprise did not fire . This leads to Kirk and McCoy being arrested by the Klingons -LRB- as they left the ship to go help the Ambassador afterwards -RRB- and them being sentenced to a prison planet after being incompetently defended by Colonel Worf -LRB- played by Michael Dorn , but not the same Worf as in TNG -RRB- . So we get an entire long and dreadfully dull sequence of Kirk and McCoy on a snowy prison planet , tangling with a shapeshifter , escaping , only to be betrayed by her and caught by the Klingons.Meanwhile , Spock begins to uncover the conspiracy of the Ambassador 's assassination , and for the life of me it just . . makes . . NO . . SENSE !!! I fail to see the logic behind any of the motives behind the revealed conspirators , including a purely reverse-race based decision to cast the Admiral played by Brock Peters -LRB- who is black , btw -RRB- as the main racist against Klingons . The documentaries I saw seemed to vaguely imply that this decision was made based on some sort of attempt to show racism in an ironic sort of light , given that the black guy is one of the highest ranking people in Starfleet and is racist against similar brown -LRB- alien -RRB- people.But the entire thing just makes NO SENSE ! So he 's racist , but WHY does he want to assassinate the Ambassador ? Is he looking to provoke war with the Klingons ? If so , WHY ? Unless the Klingons are as stupid as they 've been gradually shaped into being -LRB- as in , from TOS slick and smarmy clever bastards to TNG proud warrior race guys who hold honor above reason -RRB- , then there 's no concievable way the Federation could go to war with the Klingons and expect not to be horribly butchered , even if they win the war . Maybe the Romulans would emerge and smash the shattered remnants of the Federation ? Maybe the Dominion would launch a lightning strike against them?There 's a thousand and eight logical and rational reasons NOT to go to war with the Klingons , but the racism against the Klingons is played up to a fanatical degree that is not only arbitrary -LRB- as the characters involved in this conspiracy , without revealing their identities , have absolutely nothing in their brief backstory or personality to support or justify this -RRB- but they seem to be incapable of realizing that THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT THE MAJORITY OF THE KLINGONS WANT!Why else would General Chang , played by Christopher Plummer -LRB- who absolutely has a damn BLAST playing this guy , and hams it up so much he chews up more scenery than Shatner in three Star Trek films -RRB- and his group be working so closely with the heads of STARFLEET COMMAND to do this?Star Trek Deep Space Nine had an episode called `` In the Pale Moonlight '' about how , in the midst of the Dominion War , the Federation was losing horribly . Casualties mounted every day , and the crew of Deep Space Nine could look horribly forward to looking through the daily casualties to find the names of friends , family , and loved ones killed in the war . This leads to Captain Sisko facing a crisis , as the Romulans have a high-ranking Senator looking to persuade the Empire to joining the Dominion in crushing the Federation.So Sisko has a Cardassian spy work with a forger to create a false holo-recording of top Dominion officials apparently scheming to secretly attack the Romulans while they 're recovering from a botched attack on the Federation before . They hope to use this lie to bring the Romulans in against the Dominion.Unfortunately , that Senator recognizes its a fake , and leaves to go back to Romulus , undoubtedly with renewed hatred for the Federation for this latest attempt . Instead , the Cardassian spy has his ship blow up , making it look like a Dominion job , and ensuring the Romulans will find the fake holorecording.Sisko realizes he has the blood of the Senator and others on his hands now , as he has betrayed Starfleet principles by engaging in shady dealings , bribery , threats , and indirect murder . And yet he can live with it because he did what he thought was right , and the war will soon turn with the Romulans to reinforce the Federation side.This episode created immense controversy , as detractors claimed it went completely against Gene Roddenberry 's vision of Star Trek as a peaceful , utopian future of exploration and diplomacy.And it was one of the highest rated Star Trek episodes ever.Shockingly , there 's no such similar controversy about this movie , in which Starfleet ADMIRALS -LRB- and not just Captains -RRB- are in on a conspiracy to assassinate not only a Klingon Ambassador , but the FEDERATION PRESIDENT not out of any righteous need to end a losing war or stop a killing spree or crime , but to CAUSE a losing war , a killing spree , a crime . They seek to unleash a war between the Federation and the Klingons in which undoubtedly the Klingons would lose ... and kill MILLIONS if not BILLIONS of Federation soldiers and civilians.And all because of racism/hatred that up until then had never made itself even slightly known , and even when it was revealed , did not make a lick of sense.Also , it was pretty boring .
 Even though the film originally ran about 97 minutes , and even though Amazon 's info shows the running time to be 93 minutes , this Laserlight 's DVD version of THE FARMER 'S WIFE runs 129 minutes . Apparently , the wrong film speed was used in transferring the film to DVD , stretching the film by an additional half hour . The film 's tempo is therefore slowed down a great deal , and the pacing and timing of the various comedy scenes are very much ruined . The DVD does have decent picture and sound -LRB- mono -RRB- quality.This dated and predictable film was nevertheless well-acted by Jameson Thomas as the farmer and Lillian Hall-Davis as his housekeeper . Hall-Davis also starred in another Hitchcock 's silent comedy `` The Ring '' -LRB- a much better film -RRB- , also available as a Laserlight DVD .
 I have nothing against silent films . In fact Clara Bow 's ` It ' , Lon Chaney 's ` The Phantom of The Opera ' and Louise Brooks 's ` Pandora 's Box ' are amongst my all-time favourites . But with the exception of ` The Lodger ' , Hitchcock never really got going in silent films . ` The Farmer 's Wife ' certainly had the potential for an easy going , enjoyable comedy , but NOT when it lasts over 2 hours . I challenge anyone to watch this film in one sitting without their eyelids feeling increasingly heavy . On the plus points , Laserlight has dispensed with one of those embarrassing Tony Curtis introductions , and has provided us with a newly recorded -LRB- and very good -RRB- score . The picture quality is also very good . If you 're tempted to buy this DVD because it 's a Hitchcock film , I 'd say do n't . It is only worth a look to anyone with an interest in silent films or a genuine Hitchcock enthusiast .
 This is an early entry into the British tradition of class based comedies . A one-joke film that drags on for an interminably long 115 minutes , the film was however an un-surprising hit upon it 's original release , thanks largely to the performance of it 's excellent cast.Thomas portrays Sweetland so completely without charm , tact or grace it is easy to see why the women all reject him . Unfortunately he manages this so completely it is impossible to feel any pathos for the man , and one can feel only sympathy for the woman who eventually consents to be his bride.Gill , Pounds , Slade and Bassett are all uniformly excellent as the various objects of Sweetlands pursuits , while Hall-Davies and Harker who were so good in `` The Ring '' are largely wasted in this coarse script.Hitch , well aware of the built in popularity of the film seizes the opportunity to experiment behind the camera , the fluid camera movements owe much to Hitch 's hero Murnau and the film features one of the first rapid dolly shots.Hitch 's broadest of comedies has dated badly , while it is a highly polished exercise in commercial film production , there are only so many laughs to be gained from watching Harker repeatedly drop his trousers .
 This performance of La Traviata is one of the best sung and acted -LRB- within the confines of the HORRIFIC production/direction , but more on that in a moment -RRB- . Marlis Petersen sings beautifully and can handle all of the different types of singing required throughout the three acts , and she sings with intelligence and the soul of Violetta . Giuseppe Varano was new to me before watching this video , but he gives one of the best-sung performances of Alfredo . James Rutherford is also quite good , but lacks some of the gravitas of the best Germonts.All of that greatness , however , is just about wasted on the most wretched and misguided production I have ever seen . I do n't mind minimalism , but this staging was ridiculous . The only furniture was a single chair , and there are layers of curtains that the characters spend much time inexplicably moving back and forth . Worse yet is that , against this backdrop -LRB- for what little it is -RRB- , the principals are made to act almost as if they are in an insane asylum . In the extended scene between Violetta and Germont pere in Act II , which I think is generally one of the greatest and most moving scenes in all of opera , when Violetta sings of the sacrifice she will make , the director has her pull a gun out to her purse and intimate that she will kill herself -LRB- rather than leaving Alfredo for the Baron -RRB- and sing the scene as if it were a bel canto mad scene . Similarly , during her big aria at the end of Act I , the director has Violetta singing part of it while standing on the chair and at one point either falling or throwing herself off of it -- pointlessly . There are similar moment of lunacy on the parts of the Germonts - the most offensive of which is when Alfredo appears to be raping Violetta at Flora 's party , rather than merely throwing money at her.Other directorial decisions are just stupid -- as if the director never read the libretto . At Flora 's party , at no point before Violetta sings `` Invitato a qui seguirmi '' do you see her ask Alfredo to come meet her . Similarly , earlier in the party seen , Flora sings to Violetta `` Alfredo 's here . Do you see him ? '' when he is standing inches in front of her . After Alfredo offends Violetta , all of the singers are lying on the floor asa if dead . Germont pere comes in stepping all over the bodies until he can find Alfredo , who is singing throughout . And there 's more -- sheer craziness.Finally , the final scene is directed in such a silly way as to distract the viewer from what 's going on . After all I 've written , the most damning thing I can say about this production of La Traviata is that I did not cry at the end . As much as I was moved by many aspects of Marlis Petersen 's and Giuseppe Varano 's performances , I just wanted the insanity to end . I think it 's a good thing that the director was not given a curtain call . I 'm certain he would have been booed off the stage .
 I bought this dvd for my son , so he could practice the 10 basic forms . I thought the dvd went too quickly and did n't narrate any of the moves . I felt it was a waste of $ 25 . By the title I thought it would have given a detailed demonstration of each move , it clearly did not . The dvd was over in less than a couple of minutes .
 I truly loved the reverse view that this dvd has , it helped me a lot practicing the forms with the instructor but then found out that this reverse view is just available in a few forms from Teaguk 1 until Teaguk 5 . I would not recommend you to buy this DVD as it is not worth the money . no explanation of the moves , and it 's so short ! if you truly wan na learn , I advise you to search YouTube there are heaps of good videos that may even give you a good application of the forms .
 Larken Rose has been sentenced to 15 months in jail for failure to file . If you follow his advice and the IRS prosecutes , you will lose . The information in this video is 100 % false by the rulings of the IRS and dozens of courts in the prosecution of those who took Rose 's advice . This IRS is aware of people using the fraudulent information in this video and screens returns for people making frivolous arguments such as this.The IRS has a publication entitled
 After watching half of it I did turn it OFF.I have one word for it as what Leonard Maltin says in his classification ` sfor the bottom of the barrel movies-He does not give them even one star , It is not worth even one star from me.Wasted my time and money .
 Just a note to those who were uncomfortable watching this film with their children ; movies have ratings for a reason . This movie is rated PG-13 , which tells you up front that it has content that is considered inappropriate for young children . In this case , it is crude humor.What I do n't understand is why they made a movie with a story line aimed at a young audience , and then inclduded content that earned it a rating that recommends that a young audience should n't see it .
 this is film is so rubbish !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i do n't think it is as ggod as people make it out to be . i rate this 1 star WHAT DO YOU THINK ? IF YOU THINK DIFFERENT E-MAIL ME AT michael@blaing.freeserve.co.uk
 Many people might say of Dr. Doolittle that it was a perfect family movie . I completely disagree . I found few jokes in the movie that were not rectal jokes , and even less that were funny . I do like Eddie Murphy and believe he has done some truly great work , but this is not him at his best . There is absolutely no creativity with the humor and there is so much that could have been done with this movie . I must say that the saddest part of this movie is that it had to be rated PG-13 . Why could n't they have just kept it clean like the good old movie classic with Rex Harrison ?
 I hated this movie , it was boring , dull and stupid.Spend your money on the original movie with this movie was based on with Rex Harrison !!! It was so boring I slept though most of it !!! if you these so called `` family '' movies then by all means buy it !!! wonderful for families that only watch this type of junk !!!
 The idea of a person that can talk to the animals is something that could , and should , fasinate children . This movie , however , like most Eddie Murphy movies , contains situations , and humor , that is very much directed at adults . I took my son -LRB- 7 years old -RRB- to see this movie , and HE asked to leave early . I was totally disappointed . Bring back the original Dr. Dolittle .
 I was expecting alot more from this movie . It 's a comedy and it 's just not funny.Yes , the animal voices are very well-done and are the movies bright spot . All the stars do a great job and they are really the only reason to see the film.Unfortuantly , when it comes to the human cast and the writing , Dr. Dolittle is less interesting than the origional film . To begin with , this has got to be one of Eddie Murphy 's weakest performances ever . He 's just boring . His family is fairly dull as well ranching from bland to obnoxious . The script is n't that great either . In the Nutty Professor , many excused the toilet humor because of Murphy 's great performance or because of the occasional , witty line . This is simply not the case here and the movie is simply boring.I judge a comedy on how much it makes me laugh and Dr. Dolittle failed miserably in this department . It 's simply not funny .
 Eddie `` Egomaniac '' Murphy needs to sit down , or pay someone to sit down , and think of an actual new movie that he can star in . It is been shown that he can make money off of murdering old movies and making them `` his own '' . The real truth be told , these films are painfully unfunny . The Nutty Professor series is one that needs to be put to sleep . With a sequel planned for this film , it further demonstrates the fact that Eddie `` Egomaniac '' Murphy is tired of trying new things , he just wants to do the same old stuff , and then sit at home and count his money . All i have to say is that Eddie `` Egomaniac '' Murphy is just trying to con hardworking Americans out of their money . I say that we stop giving it to him .
 Just as he did with The Nutty Professor , Eddie Murphy just HAD to take the title role of a remake of a movie or book , or a combination of the two , that made its point by its stereotype , in this case
 This film is for adults unless you 're into molding youth into being foulmouthed , stupid lackluster people who have no couth , sublety or imagination . As an adult film , it can compete with WWF wrestling PPV events in terms of aggressive dialogue . In terms of being a childrens ' film , all I can say is that I was truly embarrassed to be sitting there with my 8 year old companion . Luckily , the jokes fairly much went right over his head . Has Murphy pushed the boundaries ? A resounding yes ! As the society we live in becomes more primitive and unkind , we can thank `` entertainers '' like this one for helping it slip down a few more notches .
 eddie murphy is a comical guy , but is he really the right guy to play in something as stupid as this ? Of course , who is the right guy for it ? One of the questions i ca n't stand to think about in this movie , is how Dolittle hears the animals speak , but their lips move and nobody notices . Ca n't they connect the dots ? Obviously not . And obviously , the filmmakers could n't either .
 HAted this Moview Do NOT SE
 this film is really bad.the look who 's talking routine does n't work here at all.Eddie is just walking thru this lame film .
 what else can you say when you turn off the movie 40 minutes into it ? the opening was funny , when he was a kid getting in trouble for talking to the dog too much . but as an adult , murphy 's performance just seemed silly and the animals are all these jaded modern types . and murphy as a doctor ? come on . . it did n't offend me , it just bored . he should have cleaned it up a bit and made it for the kiddies . for adults , this is a waste of time .
 Dr. Doolittle was n't too good of a movie . It claims to be very funny but only some parts were actually funny . Most of the movie , Eddie Murphy tries to figure out what is wrong with him and finally at the end he figures out that he wants to able to talk to animals . I give this movie 2 stars .
 Not nearly as good as original movie . Too much &#34; potty humor &#34; and disjointed story line . I would n't watch it again .
 we received a vhs instead of the dvd . amazon refunded my money . will reorderlater.i can not rate this movie , because it did not watch it .
 This movie is an insult to the original version . When movies star rude , obnoxious people like Eddie Murphy instead of Rex Harrison who sings and dances happily , there is definately something wrong ! Stores need to sell the original movie instead of this horrible imitation .
 Do n't Fence Me is a 5-star Roy Rogers-Dale Evans movie which runs 71 minutes -LRB- B&W ;-RRB- . This Happy Trails Theatre version cuts out about 19 minutes from the original movie . -LRB- An introduction and closing remarks with Roy and Dale done for TV in the 1980 's adds about 12 minutes , but the film itself runs about 49 minutes in this eviscerated Happy Trails incarnation . -RRB- The original version of Do n't Fence Me In became available in 1998 on Republic VHS AIBN B00000EZWW . The audio on the Happy Trails DVD reviewed here is cleaner , raising hopes for an authentic DVD restoration of the whole film at some point . The 2 stars for this DVD are for better-than-nothing and the audio improvement . However , since songs such as Along the Navajo Trail have been edited out , along with much of the comedy -- a 13 minute continuous segement is missing -- much of the benefit of better audio is lost . Get the Republic -LRB- not the Happy Trails -RRB- VHS instead for a delightful 1945 matinee classic .
 This movie was horrible . The main character who is suppose to pass for straight is so gay it strains credulity . The supporting cast was better than the main character .
 Thinking himself only good enough to fall for and cling to an emotionally broken wreck of a man -LRB- `` Bradley '' -RRB- , this work 's Anti-hero lead actor -LRB- Mark Cirillo , playing an increasingly irritating and progressively boring `` Ryan '' -RRB- will , at film 's end
 The first DVD was defective - about half way through the picture and sound became fragmented - I returned it to Amazon and asked for a replacement - it was defective in the same way as the first one , so do n't purchase this until the problem has been rectified . The only comment I would make on the part of the movie I was able to watch is , if you get excited about watching people talk on a cell phone this is definitely the movie for you . That 's about as exciting as it gets .
 ... I recommend you rent it first . The acting was mediocre at best and the dialogue was something you might hear from 13 year olds . Smart , well made gay genre flicks are few and far between . This is n't one of them .
 The Seminarian has all the depth , subtlety and dramatic flair you 'd expect from a Christian Youth Camp play . It 's a tedious meditation on the angst of gay christians , without having anything original to say on the subject . It 's certainly well-intentioned , but also mind-numbingly , at times even hilariously earnest . The dialogue is gratingly banal and predictable , though several of the actors frequently do n't seem to understand their own lines . The pace is glacial . And , most annoyingly , the characters rarely speak face-to-face when a phone call will suffice . So watching the movie is a bit like working for a few hours at a call centre . If you 're a gay christian in need of affirmation , then skip this and watch Prayers For Bobby . Better yet , read The God Delusion and really expand your mind .
 I 'm still taken aback by the oddity of this movie . Bad tempo , lousy acting and worse graphics . Ca n't believe something like this saw the light .
 The film concept was interesting and held the potential to be very thought-provoking and innovative . However , the writers appear to have a poor grasp of theology or the nature of academic research , making the writing inauthentic and unbelievable . This also killed any of the theological import it could have had.Further , the production values were poor at best . The camera was kept almost exclusive at a middle/close-up , with very few to non-existent cut-aways or alternate shots . Long takes cans be effective when they have a reason , but here they were merely dull . Further , the sets were bare and inauthentic and uninteresting . The shots were almost uniformly too long -LRB- each one could have lost a few seconds at least -RRB- , making the pacing unbearably slow.Overall , there is almost nothing to recommend this film .
 Slow paced , bad acting , all about the aspiring actors in a really poor script . Not worth watching . I am dissapointed at american gay films , you see depth in international films , where characters are complex and they just happen to be gay . In american films , we are seeing the same formula , boy has crush on another cute boy and there is drama.I wish we could see better american gay films .
 I have to totally agree with the comments by `` Galileo '' below , especially , '' ... the dialogue was something you might hear from 13 year olds . '' With a title like ` The Seminarian , ' I expected to see a drama revolving around the conflicts of a seminary student between his personal convictions and the morality system of a very traditional church . This movie , to the contrary , is about a young 20-something who is frantically searching for a loving relationship , the guys he falls in love with fail him , and he ends up in a state of painful disappointment and confusion . There are 2 or 3 shallow references to God along the lines of , `` What does this say about God ? '' , with no further development or insight . The seminary is just a backdrop to the story
 Do not be fooled by the carrot of `` Theology '' in this story . The film lacks all depth and entertaining value . Theology here becomes an inarticulate excuse to develop a very slow and superficial plot with a very unappealing main character -LRB- nothing to do with the looks of the actor -RRB- . For the mature viewer , this is a poorly told story of young men rehearsing some of the stereotypical conflicts that affect gay men as they start living out their sexuality . There is no character study or development to make one 's time worth in viewing this film ; the plot is so weak and predictable that I found myself yawning and debating whether to push the ` stop ' button or to suffer to the end of the movie -LRB- I ended up enduring to the end , hoping against hope to find any redeeming quality , to no avail -RRB- . The acting is so poor that even the sex scenes-which I hoped would at least compensate for the entire lack of interest of the rest of the movie - are shallow and unconvincing . This film would have been a commendable effort for a High School movie production project , but it is a rip off to be packaged and offered to the general public to be sold as a real , marketable film . For those of us with real background in Theology , if not insulting this is at the very least laughable . Do not waste your money as I did with mine .
 One word can describe the entire movie
 Not what I thought it would be . Not an interesting movie at all . Slow to start and slow to end . Not a good movie at all . Waste of money for sure .
 i think that the show is dumb and that buffy in the movie is a senior ! in the show , she 's a junior . what 's the deal ? and i think that kristi is a much better buffy .
 I hate this ! Kristy Swanson will always be MY buffy . I think Sarah is a tart and no good at playing buffy I wish I 'd never got this ! BRING BACK KRISTY SWANSON FOR BUFFY !
 Every one of these reviewers say how `` intelligent '' this show is . Intelligent to who ??? Maybe a bunch of pre-schoolers . Sarah Michelle Gellar is nothing but another crackly-voiced mall rat who could n't act if her life depended on it . Why is Buffy classified as `` horror ? '' Sorry , mislead ones Buffy is n't scary in the least . If you think that Buffy is scary then obviously you have not experienced a real horror movie like Scream .
 Seane Corn is obviously a gifted Yogi but I was very disappointed with this DVD . The instructional tape is thorough but very . very slow . She seems to take `` Forever '' to explain a posture before you are prompted to get in the position . The `` Just breathing '' DVD is just that and no other voice instruction . It is pretty to watch but impossible to follow unless you keep looking at the screen . Unless you stare at the screen you are bound to miss some of her transitions from one move to the next . A quick `` naming the pose '' would have been very helpful . I have been practicing Yoga for about eight years now . I am a very physical person who likes an aerobic flow to Yoga . I though that was the approach with this DVD since it is titled Vinyasa Flow . Again very disappointed .
 Rumour has it , Hitchcock was forced by British International Pictures to direct this film against his will and one would be tempted to believe it after only a few minutes into the film . The movie is a boring , plodding feature about 2 rival land owners who like to talk talk talk !! Little to no action , little to no character motivation , little to no interest . Hitchcock appeared to be more interested in applying his talents elsewhere ... As if the film is n't bad enough on it 's own , this terrible , terrible video transfer by Laserlite makes the miserable experience even worse ! Laserlight simply copied an already existing VHS transfer of the film , which is made apparent by several VHS tracking flaws in the film . This is totally unacceptable on a DVD ! To make matters worse , the cropping is the worst I 've ever seen in any movie transfer ! In some scenes entire heads are cut off , leaving the viewer listening to disembodied voices talking and talking and talking for long periods of time . Wether or not the bad cropping was caused by Laserlite or the VHS transfer is irrelevant . It 's bad and it should n't be printed this way on DVD . No matter how bad a film is , it should n't be treated in such a manner . The Dial M for Murder trailer and Tony Curtis ' uninformed banter do not improve the entertainment experience one bit . Do n't let this turn you off of these Laserlite Hitchcock DVDs , though . Most of them are good and a couple , even excellent . This is not one of those .1 star to Hitchcock for not trying very hard in 1931 , and 1 star star to Laserlite for not trying very hard in 1998
 This is a review of the Laserlight DVD release of ` The Skin Game ' . This is one of several early Hitchcock films that I 'm sure would have been lost without trace had Hitchcock 's name not appeared on the credits . In fact , Hitckcock probably wished it had disappeared without trace ; there really is very little to commend this dull , boring movie . As for the DVD itself , the picture and sound quality are of an acceptable standard and Laserlight has also included a trailer for ` Dial M For Murder ' . But there 's no getting away from the fact that this is a cheapie DVD for Hitchcock completists only .
 Format
 Generally I find the early Hitchcock films unique in different ways but this one could have ANY directors name on it and it would still be a bad film . It does n't have that ` Hitch ' feel to it and if the first reviewer was correct in saying he was forced to do it -- I believe it.I could n't even understand the actors so I went looking for subtitles hoping there would be an English set but no such luck , I just had to wait for half an hour for my ears to adjust to the dialects , then I could understand why I was I was bored.The auction scene is the only one that bears any resemblence to a Hitchcock movie . Small wonder I paid more for the shipping and handling than I did for the film .
 This Laserlight version is decent quality , given that the movie is almost 70 years old . The movie itself , however , put me to sleep . Very little humor or suspense , and I expected one or the other from Hitchcock .
 Poor acting in a tale about a Jewish journalist who decides to infiltrate a band of Nazy skinheads in Germany . Some nasty violence , but it 's never really scary enough , and the lead role ca n't decide if it 's going to be wisecracking or serious . I did n't care for this .
 I give this film 2 stars for a few interesting scenes . Based on the book , In Hitler 's Shadow , a journal of a German-Isreali who went `` undercover '' in the Neo-Nazi movement of Germany . The book itself is a bit ridiculous , as it tells how the author , Yaron Svoray -LRB- Oliver Platt -RRB- contacted the Wiesenthal Center to `` infiltrate '' the Berlin Neo-Nazis . What we see are basically a gang of thugs beating up Turks , and in order not to `` blow his cover '' he does n't stop them . How despicable to let your friends get beat up so you can play some useless spy game . On the other hand , he seems proud to have established a genuine friendship with a Nazi . The impression the film gives of the `` movement '' is that it 's some cult , and Svoray and his cohorts laughably pretend to be Nazis , and also pretend that what they 're doing has any value whatsoever , while accomplishing nothing . I do n't minimize Neo-Nazis as a threat , but this film unintentionally does because it makes them look so ridiculous . The neoNazi topic begs serious content which this film lacks .
 While I watched this film , it was schizophernic . There were some good dramatic moments , balanced with ridiculously cute montages , badly written supporting characters , and inane dialogue . David Schwimmer is OK as the title character . I never watched Friends on a regular basis , so I do n't think of Ross like other people might when they see him . He 's not a total disaster in this dramatic role , but he does n't give an Oscar worthy performance . The character of Duane 's ex-wife -LRB- nicely played by Janeane Garofalo , who does the best she can with her underwritten role -RRB- is a good example of what 's wrong with the film . At the beginning , she is adamant about her anger and her decision to divorce him . At the end of the film , she 's forgiving of him , and they part friends , despite the fact that she is moving to South Carolina with their kids and her new boyfriend . That type of logic plays more like a sitcom than it does a film that supposed to be a realistic depiction of alcoholism . The filmmakers never really give us a clear reason as to why Duane started drinking . He 's still in love with his -LRB- now -RRB- ex-wife , he loves his kids , and he likes his job . Duane mentions his parents with affection , so he was n't abused as a child . But he drinks nevertheless . There is also awkward comic relief -LRB- provided by Duane 's roomate , an aspiring standup comic played by Judah Friedlander -RRB- that really illustrates the two faces of this film . Duane 's relationship with a sympathetic bartender seems tacked on . There is one excellent scene where Duane has a breakdown in a casino , but it 's nearly ruined by the standup comic 's constant yammering throughout it . Overall , it 's an up and down film , and not sure what kind of film it wants to be ...
 I see very little that was enjoyable about this movie until the very end . This drunk washed up good for nothing does despicable things the whole movie and the viewer is supposed to `` feel bad '' for him . Sorry not happening . The whole time you want the wife to escape and give his kids a real chance at life without a violent drunk good for nothing dad .
 I thought my 2 and 4 year old sons could learn a few things about table manners by watching this video . It turns out that this video is only about eating in extremely formal situations . It tells which of your 5 forks to use first and how sorbet is used to cleanse your pallet between courses . Good if you are eating with the president , not good for the average family who would like to improve kids ' manners .
 My poor kids had to sit through this video . I sat there watching it and it was soooo boring . This lady just sat there and talked and talked . It did n't catch my kids attention . No fun anecdote or symbols to help them out . I was very displeased . My husband was even asking what was I thinking when I bought this video . If I only knew I would have never purchased it.Don ' t waste your money or your time . It just bores you about formal dining and so outdated .
 All the information is one-sided . I mean , it just shows the events on British side . On the German side , the information is very brief , just a couples of seconds each time . The scenes that show the real fighting are very short and also one-sided . The majority of the scenes show something that are not directly related to the battles at all . For example , people in the factories producing war stuff . Another scene shows people cut down trees to build defensive lines.You wo n't learn anything from this DVD . It 's much better to read a book on this subject such as `` An Army At Dawn '' by Rick Atkinson.I 'm glad I borrowed it from the local library instead of purchasing it .
 i did not like this movie what so ever . it was the worst thing i 've seen . i did not understand the storyline and if i wanted to read for a hou and a half i would of read a book . some movie with subtitles are okay but this one hit the fan . i did not like it at all . if you have not seen this movie . then i recommend that you do n't
 Sorry , I thought this was one of the most boring movies I 've ever seen . It went nowhere , said nothing and made me feel like scraping my nails along the wall . No review has made me understand why people think this is a great film . I think people who say they like it just want to appear cool and hip . They would also have said that the emperor was wearing beautiful clothes . Do yourself a favor
 This `` comedy '' is boring , stale , and not funny . Its emphasis on `` surrealism '' and absurdity is a sign that the director had to concoct his film in a way to persuade everyone that he actually had someting to say . While watching how the rich folks could never get down to a serious dinner , I got hungry -LRB- and angry -RRB- myself . Do n't waste your time .
 I am amazed by all the 5 star reviews , how surreal ! No really . I agree with the 1 star posts . The surreal life on MTV is a bit more , ah surreal.This movie is far from poignant , well ... on second thought .
 Bunuel 's socio-political aesthetic , as well as his sense of humor , have always left me cold . According to his strident belief system , the wealthy -LRB- and the devout -RRB- are patent hypocrites , perverts and scoundrels ; the middle class are sheep ; the peasants are the salt of the earth ; and the intellectual/artistic elite -LRB- i.e. , Bunuel , conveniently forgetting that throughout his life he sought approval among and financial support from the rich and privileged -RRB- are cruelly persecuted for their godlike purity of purpose . Sheer brilliance but for the minor fact that in his work there is rarely if ever allowance for the truth of human complexity , leaving the objective viewer to endure frame after frame of celluloid diatribe . And so we come to ` The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie , ' a late and celebrated effort in the auteur 's patchy career , the less-than-subtle themes of which are as simplistic and dogmatic as Marxism-Leninism itself , resulting ultimately in a poor excuse for satire even if you share Bunuel 's narrow -LRB- indeed surrealistic -RRB- vision of the world . Do n't get me wrong
 Watch Malle 's `` May Fools '' -LRB- Milou En Mai -RRB- instead -- similar theme , but much better . I like Bunuel 's work for the most part , but I thought this one a dud . Later , after picking up the Region 2 Louis Malle vol 2 collection which has Milou En Mai , I enjoyed all the films and thought Milou En Mai would be better named , `` The Discreet Charm Of The Bourgeoisie '' ...
 Viewed
 There is really nothing `` special '' about this . He-Man is short on quality animation and enjoyable dialog in the best of times and this silly combination of He-Man and Christmas is far from the best of times . The only reason I even spend the time commenting is to warn folks who would otherwise be drawn in by the high reviews otherwise received . Stay away -- stick with Peanuts and the Grinch !
 The He-man and She-ra Christmas Special has a special place close to my heart . This is why it makes me so sad to see such a barebones release . This DVD has absolutely no extras -LRB- well , it does have a chapter selection ? -RRB- . This is not even a remastered transfer . What makes this edition even more redundant is the fact that in 2005 there was another version that was loaded with extras.Skip this release as theHe-Man & She-Ra - A Christmas Special -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is the one you want . Unfortunately , it is out of print , but you can still get it from some sellers -LRB- albeit at a slightly higher price -RRB- .
 No Escape is n't exactly meant to be a fascinating look at our future . It wants to be a turbo-charged action/adventure , and even at those levels it does n't quite succeed . Granted , the movie has 2 very exciting action sequences , particularly the opening chase sequence and the big battle between the two rival colonies on the island . However , just about everything else is dull , bland , and lifeless . Everything is done in a routine manner that it just gets boring after a while . This is n't worth watching , and not fast-paced enough as an enjoyable action film .
 Ray Liota is the only convict I felt remotely sorry for since he had a good reason , but the others were just scumb , like his friend , Casey who helped in a kidnapping , should have told the police that something was wrong , the only thing that saved this movie from being a turkey was the good fight scenes
 Unimpressive film with a rather predictable plot . Ray Liotta has been wrongly convicted of a crime and is sent to an island-prison colony divided into two camps
 This movie was boring and a borderline B movie . Some good action scenes but they are not enough to even warrant a 99 cent rental . It is no wonder the widescreen version is priced so low . Im surprised they even put it out in widescreen .
 This 50-minute program only shows kids training at the acrobatic school . There are hardly any shots of an actual performance , so you never get to see the results of all their hard work . Also , the Product Description is wrong . The disc is not about the Heilongjiang Acrobatic Troupe . It 's about the Wuqiao School of Acrobatic Arts . And there is noting at all about ice skating . Most of the footage is about trying to form human pyramids . A huge disappointment .
 ** 1969 . Written and directed by Samuel Fuller . Sudan . Two treasure hunters hire Burt Reynolds to help them find a treasure lying at the bottom of the Red Sea . Completely reedited by its producers , SHARK ! was disavowed by Samuel Fuller . If you really want to discover Fuller , one of the most underrated American directors , buyPickup on South Street - Criterion Collection , Forty GunsorThe Naked Kiss - Criterion Collectionwhich are true masterpieces.The Troma edition I 've bought here presents an awful copy of the film , not much better than my old VHS , with interviews as bonus features . The different stakeholders , I understand them very well , prefer to talk about Samuel Fuller than to try to convince us that SHARK ! is of some interest.A DVD zone completists only .
 As much as I liked Director Hersberger 's prior outing Wicked Spring I must admit that No Retreat From Destiny was a disappointment . The film presented no real common character with which one could identify . Simply , the character development was poor . With the exception of Fritz Klein , who played Abraham Lincoln , and the fellow who played Jefferson Davis we are basically presented with a lot of Civil War Generals mumbling their way through the final days of the war . And that was another problem , the sound direction . The audio for much of this film is poor . Characters shouting orders apparently not within any reasonable distance of a microphone . Generals mumbling through fake beards . And what was the point of the emphasis on soldiers wounds and obvious fake blood?To its credit the film does tell the story of the Battle of Monocacy and the ill fated Confederate thrust toward Washington , DC in the final days of the war . The battle scenes are well filmed , with the exception , of what looks like the integration of video with film ??? The soundtrack was OK too.This film will be interesting to Civil War buffs but has not real general appeal because there is no story here just a lot of documentary .
 I love history and in particular the American Civil War but this poorly/disjointed effort left me using the fast forward button.On the plus side the actors that portrayed key characters such as Robert E. Lee really looked like them . The uniforms/flags/equipment could not have been better but this was an end to the good stuff.The actors may have looked like the people they portrayed but when they opened their mouths you wanted to wretch . The story was disjointed , you never had a feel for the battle or what was going on . It essentially was a group of re-enactors -LRB- living historians if you prefer -RRB- left on their own without any direction or coordination of their efforts . The use of the map could have added to the flow of the story but apparently the budget had room for blown off legs but not for a few arrows on the map.The sound was poor and the music overwhelmed the female narrator so you could not hear what she was saying , that was true with some of the other speaking roles which in truth ... was a blessing .
 THE BOOK FAILS IN SHOWING TECHNIQUE . IT IS AN OKAY MASSAGE BOOK BUT NOT GREAT WITH ACCUPRESSURE . THERE ARE BETTER BOOKS AVAILABLE
 As a professional , I had hoped to enjoy an informative instruction from another professional . However , that was not the case.Its true that some of the self massage was interesting . Not enough to merrit buying this video.I was so unhappy to see her working on a client - doing deep pressure mind you - face down , on the floor , with his head turned sideways ... no pillow under his feet . This is so dangerous . He should be on a table with a face rest OR the very least with his head in his arms , looking at the floor . I see this head turned to the side on ads for massage and it is really faulty and not realistic . Its not good to work on a client like that because you can and will create a pinching of their nerve there . plus their alignment is wrong for any kind of work-Ever been to the beach and got all stiff and pained in your neck and back by lying on your stomach - notice how you must shift your head from side to side constantly ? Right . Now add deep pressure massage ! hello!I am seriously disaapointed in this video .
 Review first posted on Amazon.co.ukI am afraid that I will have to both agree and disagree to some extent with many of the previous reviewers . I do agree that `` La Reine Margot '' -LRB- 1994 -RRB- from Patrice Ch&eacute;reau was better by far than this film . However , the latter covers -LRB- or tries to cover -RRB- the whole life of Henri of Bourbon , who became King of Navarre in 1572 after the death of his mother Jeanne d'Albret , and then King of France after the assassination of Henri III , the last living son of Catherine of Medici and Henri II . The former focuses on a single episode - the massacre of the Saint Barth&eacute;lemy - and what happened a few months before and a few months afterwards.Neither film is historically accurate , but Henry of Navarre is - by far - the worst of the two . There are several reasons for this . `` Le Reine Margot '' is based on the historical novel of Alexandre Dumas , the French Conn Inggulden of his time , if I can make such a comparison . In other words , it is based on a piece of historical fiction where the background is generally accurate even if some elements - such as the role played by La Mole -LRB- the Hughenot hero who really existed , by the way -RRB- - are mostly the result of the author 's imagination . I have no problem whatsoever here , since `` La Reine Margot '' does not pretend to be historically accurate . On the other hand , Henry of Navarre is portrayed as being his `` incredible true story '' and this is where the problems begin.First , the scene with Nostradamus coming up with his prophesy is made up . Nostradamus , at the time , lived in Paris and worked for Queen Catherine of Medici . That he would have travelled across the whole of France to see the son of his patron 's mortal ennemy -LRB- Jeanne d'Albret -RRB- and make his prophesy is somewhat unlikely , to put it mildly . Then there is the fact that Jeanne d'Albret was poisoned , allegedly by a pair of gloves that Catherine had given her . This is , at least , what the Hughenots believed at the time , including Henry . There is nothing about this in the film , neither is there anything about Catherine 's -LRB- rather well deserved -RRB- reputation of using poison to get rid of her opponents . Why did Henry and the Hughenots nevertheless accept to come to Paris despite their -LRB- very strong -RRB- reservations ? This had partly to do with Admiral de Coligny 's very good relations with Charles IX , who called him `` his father '' , partly with the fact that the King had given them all safe conduct for them to attend Henry 's weeding with Marguerite de Valois -LRB- the `` Reine Margot '' of the other film -RRB- and partly because anyway the Hughenots wanted and needed peace for they were losing the war against the Catholics . Apart from the weeding celebrations , the other elements , which had little to do about noble interests , are simply not mentioned . The piece on the actual massacre of the Saint Bartholomew is more or less ok . Marguerite de Valois did , in reality obtain Henry 's life from both Charles IX , who was circumvented by his mother , and from Catherine and Henri did escape the massacre by taking refuge in the King 's appartments . It is very , very doubtful that he went searching for his friends across the streets of Paris and much more likely that he never left the Louvre that night or the next morning . Henri de Guise , the main organizer and perpetrator of the massacre , got what he wanted
 Rumour has it , Hitchcock was forced by British International Pictures to direct this film against his will and one would be tempted to believe it after only a few minutes into the film . The movie is a boring , plodding feature about 2 rival land owners who like to talk talk talk !! Little to no action , little to no character motivation , little to no interest . Hitchcock appeared to be more interested in applying his talents elsewhere ... As if the film is n't bad enough on it 's own , this terrible , terrible video transfer by Laserlite makes the miserable experience even worse ! Laserlight simply copied an already existing VHS transfer of the film , which is made apparent by several VHS tracking flaws in the film . This is totally unacceptable on a DVD ! To make matters worse , the cropping is the worst I 've ever seen in any movie transfer ! In some scenes entire heads are cut off , leaving the viewer listening to disembodied voices talking and talking and talking for long periods of time . Wether or not the bad cropping was caused by Laserlite or the VHS transfer is irrelevant . It 's bad and it should n't be printed this way on DVD . No matter how bad a film is , it should n't be treated in such a manner . The Dial M for Murder trailer and Tony Curtis ' uninformed banter do not improve the entertainment experience one bit . Do n't let this turn you off of these Laserlite Hitchcock DVDs , though . Most of them are good and a couple , even excellent . This is not one of those .1 star to Hitchcock for not trying very hard in 1931 , and 1 star star to Laserlite for not trying very hard in 1998
 This is a review of the Laserlight DVD release of ` The Skin Game ' . This is one of several early Hitchcock films that I 'm sure would have been lost without trace had Hitchcock 's name not appeared on the credits . In fact , Hitckcock probably wished it had disappeared without trace ; there really is very little to commend this dull , boring movie . As for the DVD itself , the picture and sound quality are of an acceptable standard and Laserlight has also included a trailer for ` Dial M For Murder ' . But there 's no getting away from the fact that this is a cheapie DVD for Hitchcock completists only .
 Format
 Generally I find the early Hitchcock films unique in different ways but this one could have ANY directors name on it and it would still be a bad film . It does n't have that ` Hitch ' feel to it and if the first reviewer was correct in saying he was forced to do it -- I believe it.I could n't even understand the actors so I went looking for subtitles hoping there would be an English set but no such luck , I just had to wait for half an hour for my ears to adjust to the dialects , then I could understand why I was I was bored.The auction scene is the only one that bears any resemblence to a Hitchcock movie . Small wonder I paid more for the shipping and handling than I did for the film .
 This Laserlight version is decent quality , given that the movie is almost 70 years old . The movie itself , however , put me to sleep . Very little humor or suspense , and I expected one or the other from Hitchcock .
 more flesh and razle dazzle from the over-rated country music vixen . i bought this for my wife because she is a big shania fan . but even she was appaled .
 Sorry to be the only one here so far who did n't love this , but I bought it on the basis of the other reviews here , and I was very disappointed . I 'd never seen Shania 's videos before , but I love the recordings upon which these videos were based , so I expected to like this tape much more than I did . On the plus side , the last two videos on this collection , `` God Bless the Child '' and `` Home Ai n't Where His Heart Is -LRB- Anymore -RRB- '' are outstanding . They feature strong visual concepts that fit and add to the songs , good production , direction , and editing , and genuine acting from Shania and the others on camera . These two videos make two marvelous songs even better -LRB- and this video version of `` God Bless ... '' is different from and even more powerful than Shania 's fine CD album version -RRB- . Where do the other six videos here -LRB- three of which were produced by the same producer and director as `` Home Ai n't ... '' -RRB- go wrong ? Shania 's longest suit is her emotional range , her seemingly effortless ability to use her voice to shift emotions on a dime in the middle of a phrase with a turn of her voice . The other six videos on this tape wash this strength out with weak visual concepts and direction that has Shania flirtatiously smiling at the camera no matter what she 's singing . Her facial expression often seems insincere and rarely varies , unlike her vocal expression , and the overly repetitive , poorly conceived visual ideas detract from very good songs and singing performances . The problem in these six videos is not Shania ; it 's the video production teams . I know she can shine visually as well as vocally , based on the last two videos . She needs the high quality video production and direction she got on those two videos for future projects .
 I ca n't really say anything about the product because I have not recieved it . I bought the item in late September and was promised to be delievered early October but never recieved it . It is now October 31 , and the item is still not here .
 Norton is basically a witless person but he raises giggles among the immature with his display of sex toys and x-rated internet sites on the BBC . That is his whole act . Adolescent Howard Stern type of humor .
 I think the stars this has been given are pretty un-realistic and might make people think it is a worthy film to watch.Yes the main actor is good looking but that is about all this film has going for it.Very poor acting from the `` staring role '' - storyline was n't that bad but its ruined by the acting.The time I spent watching this would have been better spent watching paint dry or cleaning the toilet .
 This movie is as bad as it gets ... simplistic and predictable plot , unconvincing acting and poor writing . I saw the movie on TV ... and I decided to come back and warn people not to spend their money on this movie ... it is definitely not worth the time you spend watching it , much less the financial investment .
 Despite compelling acting -LRB- notice the word ` acting ' instead of ` dancing ' -RRB- from the artists , there 's not much to like in this dreary pantomime masquerading as a ballet . I can see why , due to the homosexuality theme , it may be hyped in certain circles . Not in our home .
 This is a DVD of the ballet ?? Mermaid has a LOT missing . I bought this DVD because I like the music of Lera Auerbach and ballet . I will probably never get the chance to see it live . A previous reviewer liked it a lot but she got to see the real thing and I am sure it would bring back fond memories . I thought I would get DVD of a ballet when I ordered this thing . I got a DVD which was shot while the ballet was going on but rarely got to see all on stage because the photographer decided that we wanted continuous close-ups usually of the faces - mainly that of the mermaid and her pathetic expression to understand that she had a problem . I can see this for short times but not for most of the DVD . A part of the time time the dancers had no feet or legs !! -LRB- and I am not talking about when the mermaid was supposed to have a tail which was cleverly done -RRB- The photographer did not understand that dancing and the enjoyment of dancing requires filming the entire body of the dancer - not just the face . It also requires you to show the entire stage and supporting dancers . If you want a movie ok if you want a ballet DVD go elsewhere . Overall one star . Dancing excellent but DVD highly annoying to watch . I am sure this is a lovely ballet it is just horribly annoying to see legless and footless dancers and so much emphasis on closeups of faces NOT the dancing .
 The dancing was fabulous but that is all I can recommend . I found the story very hard to follow . The music left me cold . The sets and costumes were clever.I watched this when it was on PBS . I am very glad i did not spend the money on a DVD . I made myself watch to the end but i have no desire to see it again .
 I 'm writing to let you know that at least 3 of your Alfred Hitchcock VHS collections are listed without giving the slightest hint of what films are included in them . I have been shopping for Hitchcock , but who is willing to buy without knowing the titles on the collections???lkc@ite.net
 Ok the first movie was scary I have seen in the most and it still kind of creeps me out and most horror movies do n't . This movie set Freddy up to be a joke man , but at least in part four and five the acting is better . I will say one good thing about this movie did n't give it another star but at least the hero 's had fears and freddy played on that , but super powers made the less scary . Oh ok I just imagine something than I kill Freddy with it , this reminds me of a later episode as well where freddy and the dream have a imagination stand off . This was at least too early in the serious for this should to happen should have been a movie or two later . I do n't know why people like this movie but to me it plain reeks !
 How anyone could think this was scarier than the first is beyond me . It was so -LSB- weak -RSB- . Freddy was good for one movie okay , no more Freddy , he 's dead face it , people do n't like scary movies anymore , they like Scream . Horror is diseased . Too the Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Friday the 13th , Nightmare on Elm Street , and Halloween I 'm sorry . RIP . We will no longer get real horror . We had a peak with The Exorcist , and went down hill from there . The first was scary , the rest -LSB- stink -RSB- !
 I thought about rating this movie a 2 but I know that it will haunt me for the rest of my life . I seen this movie and every time I look at it , it hurt my freakin eyes . The movie takes place mostly in a psychiatric hospital and poor helpless teens are being terrorized by Freddy . But does it really matter ? Because you do n't care for the characters in the first place . Good let them die . The sooner they die , the sooner this movie is over . The plot had no freakin point . And the actors might as well been on drugz thru out the movie . But I must admit , the director must have some talent for making this movie as bad as it was . Almost as bad as `` The Blair Witch Project '' Do you got something to say about what I wrote ? And I know you do . Please write to me at
 The first one was cool , the second one just was n't scary , but this first installment is just plain lame . It claims to continue from where the first film left off . BUT IT DOES N'T . We are never told what the ending of the first film is meant to be . And was n't Heather Langenkamp killed in that final dream ? I only watched this film because it is the only Elm Street film , apart from 1 , that Wes Craven was involved in . The only thing this films got going for it is that Heather Langenkamp 's teeth are n't quite as obtrusive as they were in the first film.Trust me , Do n't bother to waste the time to watch this movie . Buy Scream instead .
 Freddy is on a mission to gain his revenge by killing off all the kids of the parents that torched him years ago . This sequel still has quite a number of good scares and killings which will be enjoyed by a number of fans of the series . Nancy 's return also makes it a worth see . Probably one of the best Freddy sequels .
 Freddy returns to extract revenge on the children of Elm Street . But will the powers of the group of teens and Nancy Thompson destroy Freddy for good ? The film is not anything like the first or last film . Wes Craven returned to help write this film BUT he did not direct . That was a let down . This is the first film that made Freddy a staple of Pop culture . Robert Englund , Heather Langenkamp , and John Saxton return along with a new face on Elm street , Laurence Fishburne . I do n't think this film lived up to what it could have been . It would have generated more fear with Wes Craven directing . Not a terrible dissapointment . Not the best in the series either .
 Vastly overrated entry in the Nightmare On Elm Street series , NOES3
 The movie was like a boot legged video ... NOT a Disney movie , NO Walt Disney Castle Credit or anything Disney . Beginning scene as I saw when I was younger was missing and you could see blippy black , white and yellow spots on the screen like you would see in an older projection film.No chapter/scene selections or anythingNOT worth the $ 18 ...
 Please check the Teaching Systems store for the same product for lesser price - Teaching Systems Algebra Super Pack1 . The Basics2 . The functions3 . Linear Equation4 . Quadratic Equation5 . Quadratic Roots6 . The Quadratic formula7 . Polynomials
 Starts out ok with the killing of the undead , but quickly gets dumb when it strays to this ridiculously un-followable plot . Avoid .
 This movie received a lot of great reviews but for some reason I have no Ideal why . I has a good story line with the guy who has to live in the cemetery to battle the dead that soon come back to life after being buried but other than that the story goes no where . The lead character finds himself falling in love with a recent widow who was married to a older man but really did love him so she visits everyday . You can see where this goes he falls for the girl and so on . This movie just did not do anything scary or really that gory . It was like a love story with Zombies . How boring is that . why so many people like this film is beyond me . Give me a George Romero film any day over this bore . I fell for all the hype and bought it thinking this is a ca n't miss . Well it miss big time . Do yourself a favor and pass on this one . Do not buy the HYPE !
 Oh brother . `` Art-house zombie movie '' ? Puh-leeze . How about art-house POS , or better yet , just plain old POS ? `` Cemetery Man '' tells the story -LRB- horribly -RRB- of Mr. Dellemorte -LRB- the `` Cemetery Man '' -- played by Rupert Everett -RRB- whose job is to make sure the dead people in his cemetery stay dead . It seems they keep coming back to life for some reason or the other . Okay , that premise -LRB- if played correctly -RRB- could be funny . This was not . A script that was SO disjointed , accompanied by scenes that were even worse , do not make for a good time . `` Cemetery Man '' is another Italian horror movie , but the trouble with this one is , well , it 's just not that good . And for the life of me , I simply could not buy Mr. Everett playing the role of a young letch after women.P . U.
 This movie makes no sense.The title character is introduced as an immoral zombie-killer , who picks up grieving trophy wife bimbos at the cemetery where he works . Later he transitions into a blubbery psychotic mess over the loss of a chick he knew for two days and did n't even seal the deal with . Only to meet multiples of her , one of whom has a phobia of erections ... If you LOVE zombie movies , stay away . The makeup is terrible , the acting is mediocre , plot ? What plot ? The zombie action is boring . There 's no connection with any of the characters and you spend the last 3/4 of the movie hoping everyone dies .
 I had some friends tell me this was cool and some off-shoot of Dylan Dog , but it is by far not good and pretty boring . For a movie about zomibes and a guy that lives and fights in a cemetery , this one is just as limp as the main character 's member .
 This movie is more dark comedy and trippy foreign bizarrovision film than dyed-in-the-wool Zombie Fest.If you were like me , who is n't well versed in the foreign horror movie scene , this movie was entertaining , but not what I 'd consider something I 'd add to the library -LRB- thanks NetFlix -RRB- . One thing I 've found with Italian horror movies ... they spend alot of effort on visual trippery , seems they want every Italian movie to be an art film , and this is no exception -LRB- same goes for the Argento films of the past -RRB- . Its not a bad thing , just a distinctive style that you either buy into , or you do not . An awful lot of strange things happen for no real apparrant reason :-RRB- A little bit of sex -LRB- again , in that erotic italian artsy style -RRB- , a bumbling mentally retarded sidekick , and a whole lot of strange , implausable things happening . And then eventually , the movie ends.The story is definately more love story / dark comedy . . its entertaining , has a few minutes of zombie suspense but its almost wrong to call this a horror film , because its really not .
 CM is an `` alternative '' zombie movie that is one of a kind yet lacks the cheesy fun that old school zombie movies pulled off so well . I was really looking forward to seeing this one after all I read about it , ignoring the few negative reviews . Big mistake . So I dimmed the lights and sat down , waiting and waiting for this film to deliver . I waited and waited ... . Bottom line , I was extremely disappointed and wished I had n't wasted my time watching it . Maybe it was the fact that I went in hoping to see something like Night of the Living Dead only with a twist , well this movie stears clear of the usual zombie cliches and trademarks and blazes a trail of it 's own . Director Soavi tried to make it too stylish and different from the usual zombie flick . I admit I usually am not very interested in a clever plot or interesting characters when I watch a zombie movie . What I really like is an atmospheric gore drenched nightmare like the Beyond or an over the top black comedy such as Braindead , Night of the Creeps , or Return of the Living Dead -LRB- All classics -RRB- . If this is what you are hoping to see my advice is to avoid Cemetery Man aka Dellamorte Dellamore like the black plague and see a Fulci movie for an example of Italian greatness.This story revolves around a cemetery caretaker and his ... sidekick who fight off the undead and get into all sorts of trouble . They each get involved with a strange relationship that becomes too much to handle , and become entangled deeper and deeper with a situation that is out of control . Eventually , their lives become surreal , reality harder to grasp . This only makes it more grueling to watch . In my opinion the characters are rather bland . The story is too `` out there '' and freaky . I give credit to any director or writer who attempts to come up with something original or unique but it has to be delivered well on screen . This is where Cemetery Man fails.There are several scenes of zombies attacking , yet they add little entertainment and the gore is infrequent and brief . The effects are decent but ca n't save this -LSB- movie -RSB- . Although the movie held my interest to the beyond stupid ending , through much of it I was bored and the story drags on with little comedic relief . This is one of the worst movies I have ever sat through -LRB- and I love low budget horror -RRB- . Even though it is devoid of the overly polished Hollywood feel , it 's undeniably dull and stupid . I just do n't see how it can be entertaining to so many , but we all have different tastes I guess . I 'm going to stick with less brain numbing splatter flicks from the 70s and 80s . I have lost hope in any modern horror film equalling what that great era achieved .
 I watched this movie a couple days ago , and oh my god , what a snooze fest . I swear to god it was like eight hours long . It is the most boring , mind numbing peice of work that I have ever seen in my life . The plot dragged on forever , and there were so many points in the movie that you thought was the end ... but then it kept on going . Even being drunk does n't make this movie any better . I for one do n't understand the good reviews , I think this movie is terrible . Rupert was better in My Best Friends Wedding , than in this pile . Oh , and the make-up and costumes , sucked !
 Given a number of positive reviews I was expecting more from this one . I quite enjoy a ` bad ' movie from time to time , but this one is dumb as ditch water ... Do yourself a favour - ignore it
 All of these positive reviews , calling this the greatest movie of all time are way off base . What makes this movie so great ? There are tons of Italian Zombie movies out there and a good 95 % of them are better than this drivel.After reading all of these reviews calling this a `` classic '' I went in expecting something of an `` Evil Dead '' or `` Dead Alive '' type of film which are filled with gore and have some nice comedic bits . `` Cemetery Man '' is simply BORING , that 's right it BORING ! Slowly paced , dim witted and down right JUNK!If you want to see a good Italian zombie flick check out some of Lucio Fulci 's work like `` Zombie '' , `` City of The Living Dead '' or `` The Beyond '' all superior works compared to this god awful movie . Save yourself about 2 hours of your life and stay away from this extremely boring film .
 This was a total waste of 90 minutes of my life . Terrible , boring , stupid , and senseless do n't begin to describe this waste of film . How anyone can rate it 4 or 5 starts is beyond me . I think I 'm open minded . I watch horror , slasher , foreign and suspense films all the time . This has nothing going for it . It is NOT scary in the least . And the special effects are about as well done as a high school play . This is just garbage . I would have given it zero stars , but that 's not an option .
 This is one of the stupidiest , silly , boring , juvenile movie I hase ever seen . Terrible .
 Italians are good at Gore , but fail at plot . The movie plot was all over the place . DO NOT waste you time watching more Italian gory junk !
 In ` Cemetery Man ' , better known in Europe as ` Dellamorte Dellamore ' , poor old Rupert Everett -LRB- before he was famous -RRB- , has to deal with a pesky plague of corpses that return to life on the seventh night of their burial in the graveyard of a small `` Italian '' town of Buffalora . Although there is n't a single word of Italian spoken in the film , apart from the words `` Dellamorte '' & `` Dellamore '' , the Italian setting is unmistakable . At first , the premise sounds great . It promised a return -LRB- or at least a nod -RRB- to the good old days of 70 's Italian gore classics , like ` Zombie Flesh Eaters ' or ` Zombie Creeping Flesh ' , but unfortunately , after the first 25 minutes or so , it descends into a mish-mash of the unintelligible and the aimless.Honestly , I do understand why this movie would have a decent following , but the film really does n't know which direction it 's going in . It continually wanders off down blind alleys and gets itself lost . Even the basic premise that the film is hung on is never fully fleshed out ... so to speak and is completely abandoned half way through the running time . Likewise , the side story of Everett 's hopeless infatuations with several women -LRB- all of whom are Anna Falchi -RRB- never seems to know what to do with itself and therefore one is left with an unsatisfying taste in the mouth , when the end credits roll.Unfortunately , the film 's characters do n't save the day either . Everett comes across as an annoying foppish Englishman -LRB- totally out of place in the Italian setting -RRB- , with an inbuilt detachment from the whole project . Falchi is , of course very striking , but could n't act her way out of a paper bag and every other character is there to make up the numbers it seems . Except for Everett 's monosyllabic friend and work colleague Gnaghi , who 's played greatly by Francois Hadji-Lazaro and is easily the best thing about the movie . `` Gna ! `` But , while ` Cemetery Man ' fails to deliver on its promises , it does hold a certain spell over the viewer . It 's atmosphere is not without merit and in fact it 's a far more interesting movie than a large percentage of the dross that gets the green light every year and in a way , its aimlessness is one of its charms , in that you truly never know where the film is going to go next . The problem is though , is that you get the feeling that the director Michele Soavi was n't 100 % sure either . I have n't read the book that the film was based on , but I 'd wager that there are a number of departures from the novel 's narrative . Either way the film veers from the superbly weird ` Mr. Vampire ' like atmosphere one minute , to absurd , inane and extremely annoying idiocy the next.It also difficult to know just who Soavi was thrusting his picture to . As a bizarre pudding of zombie horror , comedy , romance & eurotrash , the film promises everything on the one hand and delivers nothing with the other . Simply because none of the themes are expanded on and are discarded willy-nilly . The zombies are few and far between -LRB- and are completely forgotten about -RRB- , the comedy is not funny , the romance has no chemistry and is aborted all the time and the eurotrash is just not trashy enough . ` Cemetery Man ' is , in no way , a complete failure though due largely to the previously mentioned atmosphere and I 'd recommend it for that -LRB- and Gnaghi -RRB- alone . But it is certainly not in the same stable as weird euro horror of the 1970 's / 80 's and is sure to disappoint many who will come at it from that angle.Either way , it 's probably a movie that I will revisit sometime in the future , but I 'll almost surely come away from it feeling the same way . Confused , unsatisfied and a little short changed .
 After reading all the rave reviews , I was very excited to finally have this movie in my possession . Sadly , I just do n't understand the hype . Tongue-in-cheek ? Art House ? It 's hard to catergorize , but I guess that 's what it 's all about
 this movie is boring tripe . except for the sex scene in the graveyard . Still tripe but not boring . lets say what were two become three . Somewhat humourous . This film has a better than average budget for movies of this genre and its all wasted!Its not scary , gory or entertaining . Did i mention it was B.O.R.I.N.G ? Overall , i found this film to be overated . what more can i say ? do n't believe the hype .
 Cemetery Man looked promising . Rupert Everette stars as a cemetery curator with a problem -- his resident undead have a nasty habit of returning to pseudo-life a couple of weeks after interment . But Rupert has a profound aversion to paperwork so he just shoots them in the head and buries them again ... until the day his one true love -LRB- an italian model who bears a startling resemblence to Star Trek 's `` Seven-Of-Nine '' -RRB- dies in an unfortunate zombie accident.What can I say ? We were bored . We took the plunge , flashed the fatal Blockbuster card , and irretrievably lost two hours of our lives and countless innocent brain cells to this flick . Oh i know what you 're thinking -- camp , zombies , gorgeous gay Englishmen ... what 's not to like ? Well , I 'll tell ya
 Perhaps if you have low expectations - really low - you 'll be able to stomach this spectacular dud . Perhaps your interest in Italian horror can sustain you throughout 80 minutes of plot-free , stylistically void , unfunny , bland performances in this schmaltzy horror flick.Bride of Chucky is probably more coherent and frightening . If it 's horror your after , check out the Evil Deads . If it 's zombies your after , check out George Romero 's films . If it 's Rupert Everett , check out An Ideal Husband.Avoid this clunker !
 Imagine ` Don Giovanni ' crossed with ` Night of the Living Dead ' and ` The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp ' , directed by Fellini . It 's not remotely as interesting to watch as that might sound . Rupert Everett plays ` The Engineer ' , a cemetary overseer appointed by the mayor to fend off , alongside his obese Hungarian colleague Gnaghi , the undead , with guns , knives or any blunt instrument that comes to hand . During the course of the film he falls for many women played by the same actress , mops up random accidents -LRB- including the motorcycle decapitation of the mayor 's daughter , whose undead head his assistant romances -RRB- , envies the domestic and bureaucratic normality of his friend Franco , and either fantasies about , or actually commits , mass murder . He even has conversations with statues.Quite simply , ` Cemetary Man ' fails to work on any level . Its original title , ` Dellamorte Dellamore ' , referring to the hero 's name , puns on the connection between death and love -LRB- the Engineer 's first sex scene here is with a widow on her husband 's grave -RRB- , and the film gets bogged down in his laborious monologues on these subjects , as well as on solitude , friendship , status , home , destiny etc. . Their dreary monotone carries over onto the unimaginative voiceover , which fails , verbosely , to make up for shortcomings in the visual storytelling.From its opening scene , when the Engineer interrupts a phone call to nonchalantly shoot an intruding zombie , ` Cemetary Man ' plays its horror subject matter for laughs . As James Whale , Hitchcock and Wes Craven have proved , it is possible to have fun with the genre while still unnerving the audience , but director Soavi replaces comedy with noise , cluttered scenes , unfunny Felliniesque grotesques , and gross-out sequences that are clumsily contrived . Everett , now a fine comic support , was at this stage in his career too preeningly pompous to carry this sort of role -LRB- although his lank , packed physique is something to behold -RRB- . The film 's big talking point is its byzantine , comic-Gothic set design , its endless , hermetic , disgorging cemetary , its rank and teeming ossuary , its clinical bureaucratic spaces ; but these are filmed with such ponderous artiness that they never convince us that they are anything but sets ; as a result , the film numbs , but never chills .
 This is truly one of the worst supposed-zombie films ever made , with the zombies being few and far between . It was very difficult to watch because there was nothing to expect or look forward to seeing.The actors ' and actresses ' skills vary from tolerable to really bad . The story line is just wacky but not in the humorous sense . I could not wait for the film to be over . I would not recommend this movie especially if you like horror films or zombie flicks .
 First off , let me say that I love zombie and zombie-related films . I own and continually watch `` Dawn of the Dead , '' `` Night of the Living Dead -LRB- '68 and ' 90 -RRB- , '' and the Evil Dead Trilogy films . I also enjoy Fulci 's work and the gore-laugh-fest , `` Dead-Alive . `` Thus , I was looking forward to watching the oft-recommended `` Cemetery Man . `` The first minute of the film was entertaining and I was encouraged . However , this encouragement would soon turn to bewilderment , boredom , disappointment , and ultimately betrayal.Sure there were `` zombies . '' But they were few and far between . And I never felt a sense of danger as is felt in the living dead films . Plus , I always overlook minor special effect mishaps when the rest of the movie is done well . This was not the case with `` Cemetery Man . `` Sure there were eccentric characters . But they seemed to be pasted into the story , instead of flowing with it -LRB- ala the cast of Dead-Alive -RRB- . There also was a sexual undertone that made me think of the later films of Ed Wood . That is not a good thing.If you are part of the art-house crowd , or if you had to watch this film for a film class project , you might enjoy it.If you are a fan of Romero , Fulci , Raimi , and Savini , rent `` Day of the Dead '' instead .
 This movie made no sense to me whatsoever . it was n't really funny and it was n't scary . the only thing that i got was that he killed Zombies or `` Returners '' as he called theme . and was upssed with one . i have to admit the female lead in the film was hot . but that was the only good thing in the film . it was also boring . but if you are into forgin fright films this is the movie for you .
 This tripe was horrible . The only reason i gave it 1 star is because of the bus wreck that was very gory . Besides that , and when the boy scout zombies attack , I fast forwarded thru the entire movie . Even the nudity was horrible . If all other movies on earth are destroyed and TV is abolished , you should STILL not watch this film !!!!!
 Perhaps all the people giving this movie positive reviews are friends or relatives of the director . However , I consider this film to be one of the worse films of all time , if not THE worst . Please watch it so that you can set the bar for how bad a movie can be . Even Flubber looks good compared to this . Not even Anna Falchi getting her goods out for the guys can save this movie . Just plain awful . I 'd give it no stars but it wo n't let me .
 Yet another movie that presents the psuedo-gospel of `` get right with God so you do n't have to go to hell with all the other sinners '' . If you 've seen left behind , omega code , etc. . This is only different in having a smaller budget , smaller plot , and equally bad acting . Someone please start making movies about the life of fullness and great joy that Jesus invited people to rather than another fire insurance movie like this one . How many do we need ? Who are they for ? I am sure God can use this for His glory and purposes , but I found it rather dissappointing .
 dystopia or utopia depends on your point of view , as does a movie or book review . IMO , this is one very Loooooooooooong Marty Stew -LRB- the male version of Mary Sue fanfiction -RRB- mishmash with plotting and characterization hammered into place by the author rather than a story that flows from the plot and characters . There are a lot of similar and better told stories out there.Try : Revolt in 2100 by R. A. HeinleinIt 's about the overthrow of the American Ayatollahs but the point is the superior writing and story telling . There is no difference between secular or religious repression , so the difference is simply in the story telling skill , which Heinlein had and this movie did not .
 No star less than one ... so had to give it a one.It is essentially one long discussion of the christian religious apocalypticviews in the allegorical form of a computerized dictator.I suppose no worse than a long discussion of Book of Morman , Koran or Torah . . buta long tedious exposition of revelation Christian beliefs ... Waste of time if you are not into that belief system .
 I can not even get through this movie . I have to stop and write this review . It is awful . It looks like they spent about $ 2,000 on the budget . bad acting , bad makeup , bad fight scenes , bad everything . This ranks down there with some of the worst I have ever seen .
 Let me preface this review by saying I 'm a Christian always on the hunt for some good Christian cinema . It 's tough to find . Most Christian movies are filled with poor acting and writing , and special effects if any are lackluster . Good ones are out there , it just takes diligence to find them . I ca n't say that Six falls into that category.I was taken in by all the positive reviews here and purchased the movie for my church library . Once I previewed it , I was totally disappointed . I thought the plot far surpassed any level of suspension of disbelief at any point -LRB- with the pre-conception that I believe what God 's word teaches about end times -RRB- . The acting was borderline horrific.One of the main reasons I want a good Christian movie is to use it in my ministry as Asst. Chaplain at the local county jail . This is the sort of movie that would bring laughter and boredom instead of conviction and teaching of God 's word . I would just encourage my brothers and sisters in Christ not to give a movie a high rating just because it 's a Christian movie . Maybe the only reason we never get many good Christian movies is because we are satisified with the poor quality ones that keep coming out .
 I bought this movie as I am a fan of Eric Roberts , Jeffrey Dean Morgan , and yes I enjoy Stephen Baldwin . Also , what it states on the back the DVD case is not even close . Sci-fi thriller my you know what . I can not even begin to state where this film went wrong . I wasted 1 hr . and 46 minutes waiting for something in this movie to happen . It went from people being implanted with chips and being taken over by this Leader whom you never see to all of a sudden everything being about Jesus and God where poor Jeffrey Dean Morgan 's character -LRB- Tom -RRB- had to find a character Elijah who could literally pop in and out from no where at random , but you know what it does n't explain why he could do it as he has no back story and after awhile you do n't care . You end up feeling more for Jeffrey 's character Tom who was all over the board trying to work with a script that had him acting almost schizo at times . For once I was thankful he died in the end and I am sure he was too . There honestly was n't one part of his movie that clicked with the other which made it painfully dreadful to watch , just as much as the soundtrack was as painful to listen too.The only plus in the movie was Eric Roberts must have been thankful that he was killed off in the first 5 minutes and at least got to share his screen time with another as worthy actor as Jeffrey Dean Morgan before he was set free . I wish I could say the same . DISAPPOINTED !!!
 I bought this movie as I am a fan of Eric Roberts , Jeffrey Dean Morgan , and yes I enjoy Stephen Baldwin . Also , what it states on the back the DVD case is not even close . Sci-fi thriller my you know what . My mistake was going for the talent in the film and not realizing how Christian heavy it was but still I gave it a chance and religion albeit layed on a bit heavy was not even my problem . The PLOT was the problem or lack there of ! I can not even begin to state where this film went wrong . I wasted 1 hr . and 46 minutes waiting for something/anything in this movie to happen . It went from people being implanted with chips and being taken over by this Leader whom you never see but only hear over the airwaves , to all of a sudden everything being about Jesus and God where poor Jeffrey Dean Morgan 's character -LRB- Tom -RRB- had to find another character Elijah who could literally pop in and out from no where at random , but you know what it does n't explain why he could do it as he has no back story and after awhile you do n't even care . You end up feeling more for Jeffrey 's character Tom who was all over the board trying to work with a nonsense script that had him acting almost schizo at times . For once I was thankful he died in the end and I am sure he was too . There honestly was n't one part of this movie that clicked with the other which made it painfully dreadful to watch , just as much as the soundtrack was as painful to listen too.The only plus in the movie was Eric Roberts must have been thankful that he was killed off in the first 5 minutes and at least got to share his screen time with another as worthy actor as Jeffrey Dean Morgan before he was set free . I wish I could say the same . DISAPPOINTED !!!
 In the tradition of the `` Apocalypse '' and `` Left Behind '' series , this is another Christian movie based on biblical prophecies . If you 've seen any of those you know the story
 This Movie - if good for you ONLY if you are Christian or a Jesusfan ... otherwise , you might find the movie going to a direction that does n't suit you.Personally , I did n't enjoy the movie - at all .
 This movie is an interpretation of Revelations -LRB- which was actually a warning against about worshiping emperors such as Nero and Caligula -RRB- . Stephen Baldwin has a part as an all knowing Christian who not only talks to God but God talks to him . I laughed when he came out of the shadows in a way that screamed `` Look who 's a Christian ! '' . Oh good , a D-list actor `` found '' Jesus . I liked when he got a good beating . God did n't seem to warn him that was coming ! And I loved the line a Christian used . `` Your beliefs are irrelevant to the facts '' . Duh , yeah , why do you people get mad when I say that?Actually , the acting by these unknown actors is n't bad . Fundies will love it , the rest of us might get a snicker or two out of it .
 I ca n't rate this movie because when it came there was no dvd in it . I was given credit for the amount I paid , but still would like to see the movie . Probably will order it at a later time .
 I love End Time movies . But this is a very boring movie . Save your money , and do n't waste your time . This one is ` nt worth it .
 I 've watched my fair-share of Christian B-level films about the end-times . Take the Anti-Christ , Christian persecution , imprisonment , and escape plots , mix it all together with a few optional elements , and there you have it . Still , hope springs eternal , so when I saw a DVD with the Sony label attached to it , I was willing to spend 106 minutes in a quasi-futuristic world . Unfortunately after watching Six
 I was present during this pitch . One of the Christian genre 's most ego-consumed inner circles wanted to appeal to Satanic worshipers with a trilogy of `` 666 '' , each digit representing a film.Sucker punch . Lure the satanic worshipers to a hard-hitting sermon about come to Jesus or else . If an idiot-thoughtless-drugged out satanic worshiper happens to have a job , a video rental account , and see `` 666 '' on the shelf , -LRB- Beavis and Butthead chuckle -RRB- , they might rent it and -LRB- repeat chuckle -RRB- , watch a film about Jesus and get -LRB- chuckle -RRB- saved . See TBN for global scoreboard by name of those who produced film for Treasure In Heaven and Earthly political bragging rights . `` I tell you the truth , you have received your reward in full . `` Problem
 Unfortunatley this would have to be one of the poorest Christian movies ever made . With the bevy of so called stars in it , it was terrible , the production was terrible and the acting was n't any better AVOID !!!!
 Kino has really dropped the ball on this one ; after some really awesome Blu-ray releases of properly and heroically truly restored classics likeThe Complete Metropolis -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- andThe General -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- and especiallyBattleship Potemkin -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- where some major effort was made to remove all the usual imperfections of old film like the white and black circles on the top right hand corner of the frames , the white and black spots , the scratches etc and done so mostly very well we get now get this big disappointment of an alleged `` restoration '' of what is otherwise a worthy classic deserving of its place in the hall of fame of all-time great movies.If you are a fan of all the ways an old film can be imperfect by all means get this blu-ray where every possible picture frame imperfection due to age and poor preservation can cause is showcased . If any attempt was made to truly restore this film in the way that Kino did before with all the great films I mentioned earlier then whoever it is who is responsible should be fired given how little was accomplished ! Perhaps when they meant `` restored '' they meant in the sense that it was finally put together in its uncensored original form which is very misleading as anyone who bought Kino 's Metropolis and Battleship Potemkin would have received both a full restoration of the uncensored version as best as possible PLUS at least an attempt at removing as much of the picture imperfections as is humanly possible . When compared to what Kino is capable of doing in truly restoring classic films this is a very massive let down and now makes me think that we can only truly entrust the proper restoration of old classic films to their rivals Criterion who consistently churn out very well properly restored classic films.Fans expecting standards of restoration that Kino accomplished with Battleship Potemkin , The General or Metropolis will be very , very , very disappointed with this release and my advice would be to save your hard earned money on a better release in the future . If you are going to have to deal with this extremely poor picture quality from a very badly preserved original source without any attempt made at proper restoration then you are better off getting the much cheaper dvd or VHS as watching this on blu-ray makes no difference at all . Instead I feel totally mislead and ripped-off by Kino . It 's going to take a long while before I trust any future Kino release now which is a shame given how great the other three films I mentioned above were ; all it takes is just one exception to make me very reluctant to part with my hard earned money for `` quality '' like this.Very disappointing release from Kino who are capable of much better quality work.Very , very much NOT recommended !
 I bought the DVD Remasterd some Years ago and I was blown away from this amazing Silent Movie from 1915-1916 DVD Picture was pretty good too so to my Amazement now it has been released in Blu-Ray Quality and I was really looking forward watching this Masterpice again in true HD Blu-Ray Quality but I was very Dissapointet because the Picture was still the same Pherhaps even worse ... ? I think they only took the 1996 remasterd DVD release and transferd it into Blu-Ray without proper Picture improvement Remastering into 2012 Standard ... ? I dont like this Blu-Ray release Picture is not what I expect from Blu-Ray ... ? If you own the DVD release no need for this Blu-Ray release ... ? Movie is 5 Stars / DVD is 5 Stars / but this Blu-Ray i only give it two Stars ... ? now Im really Worried about the upcomming Fritz Lang Nibelungen Blu-Ray release ... ?
 Freddy Kruger is a popular character . He earned himself a wax statue in Movie land , wax museum of stars in Clifton Hill , Canada . He also was on the walls of Screamers , Canada 's best haunted house along with Jason and Micheal Myers . Along with thatSpawn toys made an 18 inch figure of him . NONE of that success was because of this . This movie was horrible and here 's why ,1
 This movie is ok , but its only comical and not scary at all , my mom even laughed during this DVD . I would recommend A Nightmare On Elm Street 1,3 instead and skip all the other films including this one unless you want a good laugh like I did .
 First of all , If I could give this movie negative stars I would . Secondly , they have completely destroyed a horror legend and icon with this disaster of a movie . I did n't see anything funny or comical in the least about it because it was too stupid to even be funny . However , what they have managed to do is turn one of the best horror movies of all time into a complete joke . Frankly , until I saw this movie , I was totally convinced that the 2nd film was the worst of the franchise , but this film totally blew that out of the water , so now `` Freddy 's Dead '' holds that honor . I just do n't see what happened , the original `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' was a horror classic , and a movie that made you terrified to go to sleep , especially if you were young when you saw it like I was . This movie just BLEW ! Frankly , I was so disgusted by it that half-way through the movie I decided that I had tortured myself enough , and ended my pain by turning it off . I ca n't even tell you all what the ending was because at that point I did n't even wan na know . In fact , the only reason I was even interested in watching as long as I did was to see how the whole thing with Freddy 's daughter would play out , but by the time I got through watching most of that ludicrous and outlandish trash I did n't care to know about that either . This is a movie that you have to watch at your own risk , but I strongly would vote against it . Unless of course , you have a lot of spare time to waste watching garbage .
 Plot
 I know a lot of people liked this movie but it just didnt do nothing for me . The acting in this film was completely awful . They even had to throw special apearences from famous actors to keep this movie entertaining and I think they failed at that . I know freddy isnt suppose to be scary anymore but come on , they could at least have had a couple of the horror movie elements in the film . The only thing good about this film were the Death scenes although not as gory as some of the previous films were still very entertaining . The last 20 minutes of this film was so boring they had to make it in 3-D to get people to stay in the theatres and finish it . With the poor acting and the worst ending I ve ever seen in a movie I give this film only 2 stars . Rated R for a little bit of violence and language
 Freddy 's moving in quick to end whatever he started by finishing off the last dream master and inheriting his daughter 's powers so he can freely enter the dream realm of anyone he pleases . But he has to first get past his daughter , who has some tricks rolled up her sleeve . A vast improvement over V if somewhat hard to swallow and guest cameos from Alice Cooper and Roseanne are fun . Some great effects too .
 Okay . Good job Rob . Okay , filmmakers ... . Jump off of a cliff ! What happened to the two survivors of Part 5 ? If Freddy had a daughter how come we never heard of it until now ? Why is it so funny ! I do appreciate the telling of Freddy 's backstory in more detail . -LRB- Hopefully when Wes Craven decides to do a prequel we 'll know even more . -RRB- Apparently all the kids in Springwood are dead now . Which brings confussion ! Alice defeated Freddy at the end of Part 5 ! So i can only assume that Fred came back again between parts 5 and 6 and killed off Alice so he could continue his sick little mindgames . Also , besides for continuity errors , this movie 's body count is far too low . It 's a slasher movie ! They turn Freddy into more of a madman than a butcher . It 's as if he hates to kill in this movie , just mentally torture . Also , at the end of the movie , I 'm not saying women are weak or anything , but Freddy 's beaten way too easily ! He 's taken on like 20 people at a time but in this film he 's just so soft . Close as i can figure he 's just being easy on Catherine because she 's his kid . Freddy fans should give this a looksee but do n't count on it making the top of the horror favorites list .
 I think being killed in a video game , having your head explode , and the quote `` I 'll get you my pretty and your little souls to ! '' sums up this movie.Save yourself the trouble and time and do n't watch this movie . Please .
 Ok heres the deal , i rented this movie because i have seen every freddy movie except for this one and i love Freddy Krueger . So i pop into my dvd player expecting it to be an awesome end for freddy kruger . This is not what i get . The movie was absolutely dreadful . I do n't know how someone can screw up a series like this one did .
 Director
 After seeing every single nightmare movie -LRB- I was 9 at the time this was out in theater 's -RRB- , I had really high hopes for this . Of course when I was 9 , it was awesome . But as I got older I realized how much of a tragedy this movie became . My biggest gripe is how it was edited . Second , I 'm not always fond of adding a `` family '' angle to any kind of series . Especially so late . And third , Freddy 's clowning is just over-the-top . For those of you who think Dream Child was bad , this one makes me want to cry.They made him a complete joke . The kills are comedic ... well except for Carlos . You would think , as Freddy 's `` final '' send-off , they would have taken a little bit more care with this one . Tried to make it his best movie ever . But no , Rachel Talalay -LRB- I curse the name -RRB- , said that she wanted to have fun with it . Well congratulations Rachel , YOU MADE THE WORST NIGHTMARE MOVIE EVER !!
 this movie sucked , it was better than the dreamchild but the worst one , the deaths were ridiculous and it had to much humour , the ending was a total let down , the fight between Freddy and his daughter was not a big finale , this movie was a waste of my time , and if your looking for a good movie , this is not a good choice , even die hard freddy fans wo n't like this , even the acting was bad , do n't rent this or buy it , worst Freddy movie
 I like almost all the NOES movies but this one seems too ... funny . I was laughing more than I was jumping from surprise or something . I reall would n't watch this movie no matter how u want to see it because u will be very dissapointed . The only really cool thing was when u see Freddy as the dad in the garden and all . Do yourself a favor and watch all the NOES movies but this one . Later
 Was it worth sitting through this 1991 addition to the `` Elm Street '' franchise for a 16-second PSA -LRB- `` This is your brain ... '' -RRB- featuring Johnny Depp billed as Oprah Noodlemantra ? Probably not . But the film was much more layered and complex than the first one . Better effects , too .
 They were probably running out of ideas with the previous entry , Dream Child , which was pretty comical and cheesy at times and I was n't particularly fond of the whole `` Freddy and the baby '' storyline but The Final Nightmare -LRB- they could n't even get that right , one more sequel followed , Wes Craven 's New Nightmare in 1994 -RRB- takes the cake . Freddy is not scary at all in this one . Ok somewhere along the line he lost his scary edge but this one is a pure comedy show . Freddy Playing a video game in which one of his victims is trapped , he turns to the camera and says `` great graphics ! '' and there are references to video games and the power glove . His lines , the kills , there 's very little horror it 's almost like watching a cartoon -LRB- there 's one scene where he takes a break before the death of a victim and it just reminded me of Bugs Bunny -RRB- . I remember a part where he teases one of the teenagers who is hard of hearing and of course the teenager ca n't hear him , it was kind of awful and comical but it was one of the scenes where he was most like the Krueger we know.I honestly do n't know if it 's worth to explain the storyline after five films . I still think that the Freddy 's daughter storyline was far better than the preceding film , having someone of his family kill him for good was a great idea but the execution was rather poor and it ended up being an even worse movie . It 's not even clear why Krueger wants to see his daughter again -LRB- perhaps he hoped she would carry the family business ? -RRB- . I still think Freddy Krueger 's daughter deserved a better film . The actors were far from great but I thought the role of his daughter was played rather convincingly and we have sympathy for one of the teenagers who is deaf . There was also the edgy girl full of attitude who reminded me a little of a similar character in Part 3
 Now , I ca n't say this movie is terrible and that I absolutely hated it , because it was n't the worst in the series . I could sit through this film successfully , which is more than what I can say for A Nightmare II.In this film , all the children of Elm Street have been killed off -LRB- probably why it did n't receive a release under the `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' title , rather `` The Final Nightmare '' -RRB- , and Freddy leaves Springwood . Somewhere in the movie , somebody informs Freddy that he 's not in Springwood , and Freddy , releasing his comedy , announces proudly that `` Every town has an Elm Street ! '' and sets out to hunt kids.This movie relies -- survives -- on sheer comedy , nothing else . It is the comedy that allows this movie to be anywhere near watch-able . If The movie would be terrible if there was n't any comedy , because there sure is n't any horror in this movie . There 's murdering and blood and guts , but it does n't win a title as Horror in my opinion.So , it 's an all right movie , but not what I wanted.And I 'm also glad that Freddy 's dead . He 's been resurrected two too many times . He should have been dead at the end of A Nightmare III , but the producers continued the movies -- and why ? For money , of course!Wes Craven wanted only one film , and I think he should n't have allowed it to have more than one film , but I think it should have ended after A Nightmare III , in which the film has had some justice done to it , after Nightmare II .
 The last surviving teen of Elm Street is haunted relentlessly by Freddy -LSB- Robert Englund -RSB- . After he ends up in a shelter for troubled kids , Freddy continues his rampage there and he also begins to haunt the dreams of one of the staff members -LSB- Lisa Zane -RSB- who unknowingly has a secret connection to Freddy . If you thought Freddy was silly in the previous installment , It 's taken to all-new levels here . Freddy is so silly here that you do n't ever feel the slightest bit intimidated by him ! Some of the special effects are pretty good and you do get a couple of laughs out of the ultra-silly scene where Freddy sits down and controls one of his victims in a video game but other than that , the movie gets very old rather quickly and the characters here do n't seem to be given too much development . By this point , Freddy had become a joke and a shell of his former self and although the Nightmare movies were still lucrative , The quality of them have slipped over the last few installments . This is another one you can skip . On a side note
 I myself am a big fan of Elm Street films and horror films in general . And I also enjoy comedies . And I think many films that combine the two elements work quite well , like the Scream series or Peter Jackson 's Braindead -LRB- A.K.A. `` Dead/Alive '' in the US -RRB- . But despite of that , I did not find anything good in the 6th installment of the Elm Street series . In my opinion it was not a mixture of comedy and thrills , but just a mixture of lame comedy and no thrills at all . In parts 3-5 , where the character of Freddy got some comedic overtones as he started to make wise-cracks while he killed , it all worked while Freddy stayed a sinister , frightening character at the same time . While you might have been in a way rooting for the bad guy , you were still a little afraid of him at the same time - and afraid for the characters he threatens . This time he 's merely a stupid clown whose victims are there just to showcase his one-man comedy show , and sadly - he is not funny at all . The deaths are cartoon-like , and so are the characters . This film almost gives a bad name to the whole series , and the Grand Finale , the demise of Freddy , is more like putting him out of his misery .
 Just a typical Freddy sequel that is actually quite good . A few good deaths and wise cracks . Although they seemed to finish Freddy off quite quickly that it would seem like they had another sequel planned .
 I remember liking this movie when it came out in high school . How times change . I watched it on video and it 's sooooo bad . Lisa Zane is the WORST actress I 've seen in any movie ... let alone horror . The `` freddy video game '' is extrememly bad and made me want to puke . Can you imagine that scene in the fist Elm Street ?? Freddy 's Dead may have been a good idea on paper , but it just did n't even come close to being a good movie on screen . The FX was bad too . The freddy head explosion at the end was straight out of a cartoon . The 3-D was really subpar . The idea of putting 3-D glasses on to see into Freddy 's head is a good idea ... if you 're into Power Rangers .
 this one just stunk overall there is no dought about that . after 5 I thought it could n't get worse , well it did in this one .
 Too Cartoonish Indeed , To me part 1-5 , -LRB- with 1 of course being the very best -RRB- ,2 being good , and 5 downright silly.represents the height of the freddy franchise . Wes Craven 's New Nightmare was also good , If your like me who grew up on this franchise watching On WBFS-33 , or wdzl-39 -LRB- the most -RRB- then NO REMAKE w/o Englund will due .
 I am reviewing the entire Nightmare on Elm Street series , but not this DVD release . I own the box set and I wanted to do individual reviews for each film.OK , sometimes during a long run of horror franchises , the train derails ! This is the case with Freddy 's Dead The Final Nightmare . The 3-D gimmick for the last 10 minutes are pretty cool , but not enough to save this so-so entry in the series . The DVD transfer looks good and the 3-D sequence is pretty good for old school 3-D !
 Over the years , Freddy -LSB- Robert Englund -RSB- Has managed to kill every kid on elm street . But , The final surviving teenager begins to be taunted and haunted by Freddy in his dreams and he soon becomes a wandering insomniac and amnesiac . He 's found lost on the street and is delivered to a shelter for troubled teens . There , Freddy continues his killing spree and even finds his long-lost daughter -LSB- Lisa Zane -RSB- . A marginal improvement over the previous installment , The movie has a pretty good story , But it 's almost ruined by the film 's rampant silliness and attempts to be funny . Supposedly the finale of the series , This is a surprisingly tame installment in the series -LSB- As you will notice , There 's a surprising lack of gore here -RSB- and to me , Freddy 's just not as threatening as he once was . Here , Freddy 's too much of a jokester and the other characters are thin for the most part . Yaphet Kotto 's performance as a counselor almost makes up for the film 's abundant lack of true terror . There is also an interesting scene which depicts Freddy as a human being -LSB- Which features Robert Englund without the Freddy make-up and clothes -RSB- before he was murdered by the parents of elm street . This could 've been a satisfying entry if it had 've been more serious and if it had been given more effort . Followed by Wes Craven 's New Nightmare .
 It was the worst installment to me . I am a Freddy fan , but I did not like this one , it only had like 3 kills and it was boring . I did enjoy the video game scene , that was the most interesting part of the movie .
 The movie has too many cameo 's or how ever it is spelled , I dont like this Freddy or the second Movie the rest our good though .
 I only saw this freddy flick 4 times and I do n't want to see it ever again.The setting and story of this film was so stupid and confusing I fell asleep during it twice!If you want to see a good Freddy flick see Nightmare1 ,2,3,4,5 , and Wes Craven 's New Nightmare.Freddy 's Dead stinks !
 Freddy Kruger looked nothing like himself and it was just ... Bad ! It was just terrible .
 this movie is good for one reason because it gives a review of freddy 's life . but the plot otherwise is bad and the acting -LRB- with the exception of Englund -RRB- is bad and freddy is to much of a comic in this movie . it does n't really connect with other movies that well either .
 I like A Nightmare On Elm Street 1,3 , INSTEAD
 I had high hopes when Freddy 's Dead was released in ' 91 . Needlessto say , I was disappointed . Lisa Zane stars as a social worker who tries to help a mysterious boy with an apparent case of amnesia . Trying to figure out who he is , the two , along with three stowaways in the shelter van , wind up in Springwood . The hometown of Freddy . There , Freddy preys on the newcomers because all of the teens in town are dead ! . Interesting revelations come out concerning Freddy and the shelter worker . The effects are really good . That 's always a strong point in every Elm Street movie . The acting is routine , with the exception of the always fabulous Robert Englund as Freddy . Alice Cooper playing Freddy 's father in a flashback was inspired casting . That 's the one great thing you can say about this movie . The background and all the details of Freddy 's life . That 's a major plus . That ca n't be said for the rest of the bland , boring film . The end fight scene is okay tho . Not one of the best .
 Freddy 's Dead , I 'm afraid , is a total bore . Poorly written , poorly made , no interest at all . Skip this bad movie and go straight to the excellent Wes Craven 's New Nightmare.Here 's the lowdown on the Nightmare series
 I did not like this movie at all.The only good thing about it is it 's in 3D , Freddy finaly dies , and all the way at the end where they show clips from parts 1-5 . That 's It .
 I watched this movie twice trying to find something to recommend it to hardcore Freddy Krueger fans , but I kept finding myself remembering New Nightmare , which was an excellent blend of terror , gore , and a clever plot by Wes Craven . That was a good movie ; this is a mess , with good special effects -LRB- not at the end , though -RRB- leading the way in the lack of storyline , likable and original characters , and Freddy 's patented mayhem and quotes . Even Krueger dying is no big deal . See the original if you want to be scared ... see this one if you want to sigh repeatedly wishing it was better than most 80 's slashers out there .
 This movie had great potential and could have been a great sequel . Unfortunately no one tried to follow through on it . The acting is horrible and the freddy deaths are like something out of a looney toons cartoon . Freddy delivers way too many one liners and they are n't even clever or funny . The idea of Freddy being able to travel to other Elm Streets and kill new victims was a great idea , but unfortunately the idea turns into $ # ! % on screen . The best part , seriously , is the end . Not the movie part but the credits . This is due to the fact that horrible movie is over and you get to see the deaths from other NOES movies . Catch it late at night on tv if you still desire to see it , otherwise avoid at all costs
 My word ! I 'll start off with the story . Basically Freddy has killed all the teenagers of Springwood , so he needs a new stomping ground . We then meet Freddy 's previously un-heard of daughter , who works in a home for wayward teenagers . I think you know what happens . He kills some kids and then his daughter kills him . That 's it!Rachel Talalay takes the job of directing this pathetic attempt to kill off one of the biggest horror icons ever . Does she do a good job ? Well , I 'm sure my star rating say 's it all.The acting is awful . Not by everyone , mind you . The women who plays his daughter does an alright job and Yaphet Kotto , the guy who was in the first Alien film , is the only character who you actually quite like.Let 's talk about Freddy now . Well , what can I say ? Mrs. Talalay actually made me not like him ... I mean it ! Okay , his wise-cracking antics were a bit O.T.T. from number 3 onwards , but this one really got on my nerves . In this one we had Freddy spouting lines like `` Great graphics '' . Next I 'll talk about the deaths . Oh my god ! What happened here ? After viewing the deaths in this film , I 'm not sure whether it was a comedy or what . They were atrocious ! Only one was remotely ` Freddyish ' -LRB- the one with the deaf kid -RRB- . Also , from a film that sets out to kill a big name , it does it in rubbish fashion . What an imagination the film makers had . ` Let 's kill Freddy off by literally blowing him up ! ' I could have come up with a better death than that on the toilet ! And also the 3-D ... it looked absolutely dreadful . No ILM , put it that way.I 'm sorry , but Rachel Talalay should be ashamed of herself , she really should . I honestly do believe that this film is the reason why we had to wait so long to see Freddy back on the big screen in his original form -LRB- not including New Nightmare -RRB- . I think that New Line Cinema were a bit reluctant to use him again , after this film bombed.So , you have been warned . If it were up to me , this film would n't be a part of the Freddy story , but it is . And because I 'm so loyal , I own it on video and DVD . But really , though , this film is diabolical .
 If ever there was an indicator that the ` Nightmare ' franchise had run outta steam , ` Freddy 's Dead ' was it . The storyline was a bit too surreal and muddled , and was n't always easy to follow . Freddy 's array of `` witty '' one-liners were so corny and dated -LRB- e.g. references to those `` Your brain on drugs '' commercials and the original 8-bit Nintendo Entertainment System -RRB- , I found myself groaning at every other word that came outta his mouth . The Freddy-kills here were so over-the-top and cartoonish , I was half-expecting the Acme Co. to be prominently shown in the closing credits -LRB- sadly , Freddy could n't find it within himself to kill off the characters played by Roseanne and Tom Arnold -RRB- . And do n't even get me started on the 3-D sequence -LRB- shown in 2-D on this platter , -LRB- un -RRB- fortunately -RRB- , which featured visual effects that would 've looked high-tech and halfway decent , had this movie been made about a decade earlier . And , like all the other ` Nightmare ' flicks before this , ` Freddy 's Dead ' was n't all that scary to me . I laughed , I cried , I kissed four bucks of DVD rental money goodbye . But fear and fright were nowhere to be found.Despite the silliness of Freddy 's kills , I found them rather entertaining , and the main reason why I decided to give this a view . Also , remember the part when that homie was just laying on the couch smoking a joint , and he sees that Carlos dude in the t.v. set telling him to lay off it ? I also liked checking out Freddy 's back story , even though the parts of his past that they show are rather brief , this to me is a funny stoner movie . Now if the screenwriters only had him take out Roseanne and Tom Arnold 's characters in a really gruesome fashion , this bad-boy would of earned an extra * from me .
 because this is THE worst of the lot -LRB- LadyLestat of Birmingham , Alabama , I agree completely ! -RRB- . If you thought `` Freddy 's Revenge '' completely killed Freddy as a credible monster , you have to watch this . This totally ruined Freddy as a monster and thoroughly discredited Wes Craven 's original storyline.Nowhere in any of the previous movies was there even a hint that Freddy had a kid , so where the folks who made this disaster pulled that from -LRB- except their anal cavities -RRB- I have n't a clue.And could n't these people think of anything other than teenagers who were orphans and crazy with a counselor who dreamed the same dreams they did but did n't know it ? -LRB- That angle was exhausted in `` Dream Warriors . '' -RRB- The ending was cornier than the beginning and the saddest part of all is that Freddy was brought back yet again -LRB- with Nancy , who , supposedly , died all those years ago in Part 3 , now with a son -RRB- . The only part I enjoyed of this movie was Johnny Depp 's cameo -LRB- the original Nightmare on Elm Street was his first movie role . -RRB- Freddy Kreuger went from a scary monster who you could n't shake off after watching the original Nightmare to a complete laughingstock.So much for trying to appease the masses .
 the worst film in the series , but good for laughs . freddy is too comical with rediculous killings , out of the blue family member , and subpar ending
 After watching this film , I was n't sure if I just watched a horror movie or a comedy . Krueger had a stupid joke for everything he did . A good horror film must be gruesome , and suspensful to make it good.This had none of these qualities . If you are looking for a good horror film get Friday the 13th . If you want an unscary , not funny piece of crap , get Freddy 's dead .
 I thought this movie sucked really , really bad . This movie will NEVER see better days . I will admit the FX 's were all right for what they were , but they were n't all that . But come on people . If Freddy were ture evil he could never die.And the only reason I rated it a one is becouse there were no negative numbers .
 This ridiculous -LRB- and that 's saying something -RRB- sixth -LRB- but not final as opposed to it 's title -RRB- installment in the Nightmare on Elm Street series does n't have one good thing going for it . Sloppy direction from Rachel Talalay -LRB- Tank Girl -RRB- , a poor script -LRB- even though it tries to delve more into Freddy 's past -RRB- , and too few -LRB- and poorly done -RRB- deaths with little or no gore . The nice cast , which includes Breckin Meyer , the late Yaphet Kotto , and inspired cameos from Roseanne , Tom Arnold , Johnny Depp , and Alice Cooper who graces the screen as Freddy 's abusive father . The climatic ending was originally shot to be presented in 3-D format in theaters -LRB- if you purchase the box set of Nightmare films it includes two pairs of 3-D glasses just for this film , but none are found in the stand alone package -RRB- , but there is hardly anything here worth embracing , even for long time Nightmare fans . Fortunately , original creator Wes Craven would return for the last installment , Wes Craven 's New Nightmare , which breathed fresh life into the stale series .
 I recently re-watched this again , and I have to agree , this was definately the worst of the bunch that I 've seen -LRB- I have n't yet seen Freddy vs. Jason , so do n't know how it would compare -RRB- . I would n't give it 1 star , as I was somewhat entertained , but this was definately below average for so many reasons . One of the reasons I pick on the original was it 's idiotic dialogue , -LRB- for example , Nancy asking her dad to `` arrest '' Freddy when she pulls him out of her nightmares -RRB- , but the dialogue added humor to an otherwise very disturbing tale . Part 6 , however , was lacking the chills that made all the other movies that much scarier . The stoner in the video game was interesting , until it showed his `` real '' body running around the house like a cartoon with those awful sound effects . But what I really found annoying about this movie was the story . Nancy had connections in the first 3 movies -LRB- as a character in 1 and 3 , and her diary that served as a background in 2 -RRB- . The characters in 3 overlapped into 4 , and the characters in 4 overlapped into 5 . Amanda became a known character in 3-5 . So in a way the stories were all connected . Then comes 6 , where the only real connection to the other movies was Freddy . We learn Freddy was married and had a child , none of which was disclosed in any of the other films , that he needs his child to escape the boundaries of Springfield without knowing why , and that one child remains who may or may not be blood-related to Freddy , but where are his parents/adoptive parents ? It felt as if they forced a story in order to finish Freddy off , and they did n't bother with trying to find connections to the first movie . Forget all of that , though , what about pulling Freddy out of the dreamworld into reality ? What a plot twist ! ... Oh wait , was n't that what Nancy tried to do in the first movie ? Why did n't it work then ? That 's the question a lot of people have , and the only thing I can think is that it did n't work for Nancy because it was all a dream -LRB- which would seemingly mean she pulled Freddy from one dream into another ? -RRB- . In part 6 , we do learn more of Freddy 's past , but unless you 've watched the other previous movies you do n't know why he is what he is , and what led up to his birth in the first place . And the dream demons , while an interesting idea , seemed out of place and not handled very well . I know they are planning to remake the original , and from what I can tell they plan to relaunch it as a franchise . If the directors are listening , my opinion is to make it a trilogy -LRB- nothing more than that as it seems that movies tend to die after the 2nd or 3rd installment -RRB- , and use part 1 as the basis of part 1 remake , part 3 as the basis for the remake sequel , and parts 4 and 5 as the basis for the remake 's finale .
 I saw the clip with Johnny 's cameo . Very funny . The rest is not worth watching .
 Had really no interest in seeing this movie and now I know why ... got it for Christmas and I have to say what a HUGE disappointment !! I mean I always heard the last of the NIGHTMARE series were really stupid being that Freddy turned into a quipp spewing loser . This movie holds that to be true.Like the ones before it , Freddy kills people ... shock shock ... The ONLY thing that kept this movie alive was the interesting twist about Freddy 's past life . He had a daughter who was taken away from him and since he could n't have his daughter , he would kill other peoples kids , and so we get the full story of the one started in the origional . But other than that ... this movie falt out sucked ! Freddy was n't even scray ... in the SLIGHTEST ! He just said quipp after quipp after lame *** quipp and it got tiring REALLY FAST ! This is the one in the series that even if you ARE a diehard fan ... you wo n't miss not seeing it . I gave it 2 stars STRICTLY on the fact that it IS , sadly , part of the NIGHTMARE series and that my Grandma got it for me -LRB- awww SHUT UP -RRB- but other than that ... this doesnt deserve any stars ...
 Well let 's see the series had it 's great moments -LRB- 1 and 3 -RRB- . But this installment of the Nightmare films is too much like part 4 . Well it 's like part 4 in that it could have been good.It had a great opening and the middle of the film set in Springwood payed off good showing how Kruger had damned the adults.But after John Doe 's death , the film feel through.The `` 3-D '' ending was too much of a gimmick to sell tickets.Dont see this film.See 1 , 3 and 7 .
 this one is better than the 2nd movie , and about even with the 5th , but is n't that good of a movie if you have seen the other movie of this series
 It wa jjhjhgj ; lgkkkkhlkjgpouyijoikjjihioyuoiytiouyitoyitoyityoitruyoituytoihuyjitohjoituytioyuitoryuityuotiyhituyoituyiotuytoiryuti8ew9tiwoetiuiewortuoiuwoiuiueeoioitupwetoiue86tu8rti0rugiojuieo68958ut8igourioutiuter ... displayed in yugoslavian
 The way they portrayed Freddy with his mask was just no good . At the time it came out there should have been better effects and costumes though out the movie , overall disappointing but you should still see it if you are a die hard Elm Street fan .
 Freddy Krueger decapitates all but one teenager in the otherwise childless town . Instead of death the teenager is displaced in another town with memory erased and a newspaper photo of a little girl in his shirt pocket . Police find him dazed and confused , alone in an abandoned ally . He 's brought to child psychologist Maggie Burroughs for a psychiatric evaluation . Unable to answer where he came from , Maggie quickly discovers the connection why the kid obtains a child newspaper photo of her . That led her and John Doe to hunt down Freddy in her hometown of Springwood.John Doe believes he 's Freddy 's son as reason he was kept alive . The ploy is used to confuse us about what 's the deal with the little girl in the photo but it 's quite obvious Maggie happens to be Freddy 's daughter despite the weak diversion . When John endures another nightmare , it backfires for him , assuming he 's only being jostle around . But what happens is unforeseeable ; he lands on spikes rather than roll over on grass in the previous nightmare.We look at Freddy 's uneventful past that made him into a nightmare murderer . His abusive father whipped him good , and children poke fun of him in class . Does that seem sufficient enough for someone to become a psychopath?Two more children end up dead brought on by Maggie 's patients sneaking in her van . Their death is carried out in humorous fashion than in gruesome detail . Carlos has his hearing aid taken away , which leaves him very vulnerable . Freddy flail his arms and holler loud as possible , knowing deaf Carlos can not hear anything . When he can hear again , Freddy amplifies the volume where tiniest sounds come in much louder . Freddy claws at a chock board that cause so much noise Carlos ' head explodes . Crackpot boy Spencer thought he was stoned when he chose to enter inside the groovy television screen . The screen then turns into a video game . Spencer suffers damage from Super Nintendo like characters controlled by no other than Freddy himself . Nobody can save Spencer as he bounce up and down , crashing into the ceiling and knock around off the walls . It was funny when Freddy said the graphics were good which they were during that era but by todays standard it 'll only make you laugh.The music felt tame compare to its predecessors . That could be reason you left watching this movie not scared and of course two goofy deaths will take away the scary astrosphere as well.Father versus daughter square off enclosed in a cage . They both throw lethal hits toward each other until Freddy dies not by his handmade cleaver , which would have been fit for prefect conclusion , instead a flamethrower blows up his face.Upon reflection , this supposedly final chapter will leave you unfulfilled . We expect blood , sex , violence but it wo n't be found here . Okay , there are violent scenes and drops of blood . It just leaves you empty compare to other Nightmare on Elm Street editions . It 's recommended to rent only if you want to watch through the entire collection , other than that do n't even bother .
 `` Freddy 's Dead - The Final Nightmare '' is a terrible installment to what was a great horror movie series . This movie is a total joke just like the previous two sequels before it ... this garbage , a horror movie ?? Give me a break !! This movie is not scary ... it 's ridiculous !! I highly recommend sticking with parts 1-3 , which are undoubtedly the only `` NOES '' movies that should have ever been made . This movie sucks ... shame on the people that made this trash .
 What a shame for what had been a darned good franchise that this lame and discombobulated movie had originally been planned as the last Freddy movie . Why did they take it ten years into the future ? Why did they wait six movies to tell us that Freddy Krueger had his own daughter and that he had killed his wife ? And what a mistake . . Freddy says he started killing the Elm Street kids because they took his daughter away from him , but he had actually already started killing kids anyway ? Director Rachel Talalay brings no imagination in her command of this poorly conceived and executed entry . Lisa Zane sleepwalks through her role , and there are times she 's actually funny when she is n't supposed to be . And frankly I got tired of another kickboxing chick -LRB- limply played by Lezlie Deane -RRB- . Yaphet Kotto must have needed a paycheck , and even though Robert Englund 's Freddy has more screen time , he 's not as enjoyable in this one . We get cameos from Alice Cooper , Roseanne Barr and Tom Arnold , and a young Breckin Meyer -LRB- Garfield , Rat Race -RRB- as the ponytailed Spencer . Once again the male teens get offed first and its up to our brave females to save the day . Reverse discrimination ? And more obtrusive music which did nothing to advance the plot . And has it finally dawned on us that all the kids come from dysfunctional families ? Are there no normal families in Elm Street 's world ? All in all , not a worthy entry , but at least the next and final `` Elm Street '' -LRB- Not counting Freddy vs. Jason -RRB- , Wes Craven 's New Nightmare brought back some of the franchise 's best points . Watch only if you are an Elm Street afficionado and want to say you 've seen them all !
 This movie had a great idea behind it . However , it was poorly written , directed , and acted , which was its downfall . It seemed more like a video game than an actual Movie . Futhermore , the chillful atmosphere that was in nightmare on elm street 1 , 2 , 3 , and 5 , are completely gone and is more of a way for people to make money than to actually make a good movie .
 I can not believe Robert Englund agreed to star in this -LSB- sad -RSB- installment of one of the best horror series ever . i have so many issues with this film , it 's not even funny .1 . They tried way too hard to make this a comedy/horror film . that idea is just stupid since the original was an all-out HORROR film . Freddy was too GOOFY in this film , which was carrid over from part 5 , but here , it 's particualry annoying .2 . Why is Freddy wearing brand new clothes ? his pants and sweater are n't dirty at all ! you 'd think after all he 's been through he 'd look like hell .3 . they show TOO MUCH of Freddy 's face ! What made him scary in Parts 1 and 2 was that his face was always hidden in shadows , which made him mysterious and actually scary . also , Freddy 's makeup is pretty -LSB- bad -RSB- in this film , as it has since part 3 . the original makeup in part 1 -LRB- and part 2 -RRB- was good because he actually looke burned and his skin had a slimy look to it .4 . How did John and Maggie know anything about Freddy and what had happened in Springwood ? `` Freddy had a kid !! '' OK , well what do you care , Jon , you do n't even know who Freddy is .5 . This movie is SO dated , even more so than part 5 which is pretty sad . It 's supposed to take place in 2001 lol .6 . THE 3-D ! Oh , my god , who 's bright idea was this ?? It totally ruined what could have been a decent ending.I could go on but I 'm bored already . Bottom line , Rachel Talalay or whatever , you worked on so many other Nightmare films yet you screw up the last one . Shame on you .
 What happened . I loved the original Nightmare on Elm Street but this . This is like Tales from the Crypt meets in the kitchen with Bob . Totally wierd . I did like the part about learning about Freedi 's history but the rest was pretty lame . Whatever happened to the evil dark Freddi from the first movie . I 'm pretty amune to scary movies so do n't take my judgement but I do n't think that this movie would scare a five year old . Do not get this movie if your looking for thrills get it if your looking for information on Freddi 's background .
 first let me say I 'm a big horror fan . The `` Nightmare '' series is one of my favorites . I thought the first 3 films in the series were well done -LRB- for a horror film -RRB- , especially the first two.here we have with this film part 6 , and the `` bloom is off the rose '' at this point . I agree with another reviewer who stated that this film feels too `` cartoonish '' , with too many computer effects and CGI . Instead of Freddy being a terror , he wise-cracks and is `` jokey '' too much in the film . Just not scary.the script is thread-bare at this point in the series . I could n't really make heads or tails of it . From what I could discern , Freddy had a daughter , and in this film she is a psychologist for at-risk youth in a group home . One of the teens is having Freddy-nightmares , and so is she . She , along with the teen , investigates the town of Springfield , Ohio to find clues in order to defeat Freddy . * pass on this one *
 Freddy 's Dead The Final Nightmare is a guilty plesure mainly cause Robert Englund is on top of his game & it is a good way to kill 2 hours . Ok so Robert Englund returns for the 6th time as Freddy Lisa Zane plays Maggie Burroughs Yahet Kotto as Doc Shon Greenbeatt as John Doe Lezlie Deane as Tracey & Brekin Meyer as Spencer . Ok so you start off 10 years after part 5 & this John Doe guy Freddy 's killed all the kids in Springwood except for John Doe who has no memory so he ends up in a different city then we meet Tracey , Spencer & Carlos then Maggie & Doc basically Maggie takes John Doe to Springwood but Tracey & her friends sneak a ride Roseanne Barr & Tom Arnold make a cameo it 's like they predicted the future of Roseanne Barr . Basically Freddy kills Carlos in a dream then we have Spencer 's death a video game dream Freddy says `` Great graphics . '' Of course he has the Power Glove & from what I heard it 's a piece of s ** t . He kills John Doe which he was pointless to have build him up then kill him then Maggie finds out that she 's Freddy 's daughter Kathern Kruger . How was Freddy ever married & has a daughter was n't he too busy as The Springwood slasher . Doc tells Maggie that she needs to bring him into our world where he can be defeated & they kill Freddy Maggie says Freddy 's dead . No $ ** t. Lazy script writing killing all the kids in Springwood back story that 's bad Lisa Zane finishing off Freddy come have Alice or Nancy be the 1 to kill Freddy once & for all & there 's no mention of Alice or her son Jacob . The main selling point of this movie was the last 10 minutes were in 3D but Freddy 's Dead is a guilty pleasure cause Robert Englund had fun with a bad movie . Next I 'm reviewing what Freddy 's Dead should 've been New Nightmare .
 To fully appreciate this film you have to either seen it in the theater or have a DVD player . The 3D sequence is the film 's saving glory . The film seems like it was rushed because the script is bland . I think if the film had brought back Wes Craven then maybe it would 've been a superior finish to one of the greatest film series in history .
 I rented this last week , under the mistaken impression it was the very last in the series . But I forgot the rule with these enless sequel movies ; Final is never the last one.So I ended up watching this stinker . Wow ! It does n't get much worse than this.You may wonder why I even gave it two stars . The main reason is because the writers seemed to put some effort in making it comical . At least it had that going for it . But the thing was
 I found this video difficult to understand . It is done almost entirely in interview format with two practitioners who have heavy German accents . Added to the poor sound quality of the film , it was frustrating . The sound modulation was very poor . I had to keep adjusting the volume up and down , which was annoying and distracting.The content was pretty basic . Anyone who knows enough about the subject to want to purchase the video probably already knows as much as is presented here . I doubt that you will learn much that is new to you . The video touches very briefly and superficially on breathing techniques and hyperbaric oxygen chambers and then goes on to spend most of its time discussing hydrogen peroxide . It talks about the various grades and how they can be used . It touches briefly on ozone therapy.The style is annoying , with an off-screen interviewer who is never seen , asking questions that ca n't be heard , that are answered by the interviewees , one of which does n't seem to have much to share . In fact I had to ask myself why anyone bothered to include those clips in the video . I also asked myself just who the target audience was supposed to be . Anyone interested in the subject enough to spend $ 24.95 plus S&H probably already knows more about the subject than you are going to learn here . Personally I would rather have my money back .
 Falls short of the mark in answering the question of Bambi 's guilt or innocence , and at times is a bit too biased towards Bambenek . Pretty typical tv-movie fare . Another stepping stone in the long and uninteresting resume of Linda Blair after she stopped appearing topless in movies .
 Warning!this is the laserlight version and is cheaply made with very poor sound and a very poor picture.It certainly is NOT `` mastered from the best available sources '' . In fact this version is shorter than the other available one , suggesting that the print it was copied from must have been cut due to a degraded print.The `` introductions '' by Tony Curtis to the laserlight copies look as if they were all filmed in one morning.Get the other version .
 I rented the Kino version on the strength of a specific recommendation here , but it gave up watching after the first 15 minutes on account of the poor picture quality . It certainly does not look like a `` 35mm nitrate print '' to these eyes -- the visuals are muddy and the contrast is off , spoiling the visual detail . It could be from an old 16mm print , or else maybe a duplicated 35mm print , but it is certainly not a clear record of an original fine-grain release print , by any means . I will await a future restoration . For the present , Caveat emptor .
 This is a quite corny adventure film , one of the least significant movies Hitchcock ever made . It deserves the two stars by Maltin . Yes , Charles Laughton is good as the major villain , although his makeup could have used some work at times , especially during closeups . Yes , 19-year-old Maureen O'Hara is beautiful , even if her clothes never stay wet after swimming and her makeup never gets smeared . Yes , young Robert Newton is okay , even if his commission bearing his police credentials remain dry and clear after being in the ocean . But on the whole , this is a melodrama one can live without . Young people especially will guffaw at the hammy ending.A worse problem is the print . It 's inferior . And at one point there is a jump that eliminates five or ten minutes of the story . There is no excuse for putting this sort of print on DVD .
 Another Charles Laughton Classic that just happens to be Directed by Alfred Hitchcock . How can you go wrong with that formula?The DVD matching this Cover Art - This DVD is n't too bad , but I would rather have a more expertly created product . The DVD starts off with a typical FBI Warning and then a bump that says Passion Productions . -LRB- Note
 Charles Laughton herein plays a ruffled-shirt -LRB- vaguely effeminate -RRB- noble gentlemen . He is the ` law of the land '' in his neck of the woods -LRB- along the Cornish coast of 19th century England -RRB- as local pirates run amok looting wrecked ships cargoes once said ships are induced to wreck themselves into rocks in inclemant weather . All is going rather well , or so it seems , until Maureen O'Hara -LRB- in her first role apparently -RRB- shows up at the Jamaica Inn to visit her aunt . This aunt 's husband , however , is the head pirate & the Jamaica Inn is his band 's headquarters . Needless to say , O'Hara 's presence complicates matters and eventually jeopardizes the illicit operation going on under the nose of Laughton -LRB- who we soon find out is actually getting a sizable cut of the loot actually while feigning ignorance of anything untoward going on in his jurisdiction -RRB- . Nevertheless , after Laughton 's true colors are exposed -- after his participation in numerous murders is highlighted , and even after he forcibly binds & threatens O'Hara -- O ' Hara delivers this ridiculous line to the police
 It 's a shame the quality of this video is poor . The movie is fascinating . The sound quality , however , is so variable that much of the dialogue vanishes . One key transition scene is missing entirely . Maureen O'Hara is seen dripping wet in her `` chemise '' in one scene , then the picture freezes and she is transported , without explanation and fully clothed , to Jamaica Inn . There must be a better print of this movie .
 Wether this verson has been updated and cleaned up , does n't really matter.What I 've seen is a very poor recording , very bad sound -LRB- that makes it hard to hear what is being said -RRB- , and bad picture quality.A film from the master of suspence should be given the recognition it deserves .
 The poor residents along the Cornish coast would benefit from the flotsam and jetsam that washed ashore from shipwrecks . Sometimes beacon lights would be fixed to draw a ship to wreckage upon the rocks . There were never any survivors to these planned wrecks . One happy laborer whistles while he works . A coach does not excel in customer service . A young woman May is going to her relatives who own Jamaica Inn . We soon learn about Sir Humphrey and his connection to the gang at Jamaica Inn . May hears and sees what they are doing ! May saves Trehearne and they escape together . -LSB- This is a common theme in Hitchcock 's films . -RSB- Sir Humphrey dispenses the law in these parts . Trehearne 's discloses his identity to Sir Humphrey , and they go to search Jamaica Inn . But the gang surprises and overpowers them . Will the hero escape from his captivity ? Will the wreckers be frustrated in their crimes ? Will the evil villain be brought to justice ? Soldiers arrive to capture the gang . There is a dramatic ending to this story , which was adapted from a Daphne Du Maurier novel.One advantage of this film is the demonstration on how to load a flintlock pistol . Hitchcock 's films often used an authority figure as the villain . His films were improved after he moved to Hollywood and got a bigger budget .
 As a huge fan of the film-making of Alfred Hitchcock , I began watching this long-ago film in hopes of capturing some of the old Hitch magic . Sadly , I only made it ten minutes into the endeavor.The problem ? The quality of the production -LRB- or reproduction , I guess -RRB- of the film . Perhaps I am just spoiled by newer technology such as 1080p & Blu-Ray , but the visual disturbances were so explicit as to be distracting . It was as if someone took a handful of dust and sprinkled it across the picture at all times.The sound was even worse . There was a constant background hum , and the voices were not at all clear -LRB- and since this is a British film , the accents need clarity to be enjoyed/understood -RRB- . Thus , I could not bring myself to watch a film that was in such bad shape , as I felt I would miss too much of Hitchcock 's style , wit , and directorial genius . If a `` digitally remastered '' cut of `` Jamaica Inn '' ever comes out , count me in . Otherwise , it 's in too bad of shape to warrant a serious viewing as-is .
 I 've reviewing the movie here and not the particular edition . I 've seen this in two different DVD editions -LRB- and peaked briefly into a third -RRB- and as far as I can tell none of them are particularly good . The best that I 've seen is the one inAlfred Hitchcock Collection - 13 Films , which had a pretty decent picture but absolutely terrible sound.Alfred Hitchcock would have found the relatively high ratings of what is unquestionably one of his worst films to be perplexing . Although it has an interesting cast , with Charles Laughton -LRB- who drove Hitchcock practically insane with his pouting and bouts of insecurity on the set -RRB- , the amazingly beautiful Maureen O'Hara -LRB- this was NOT her first film , but this film took credit for `` introducing '' her -RRB- , Leslie Banks , and Robert Newton -LRB- one of the most brilliant character actors to grace British films , albeit ostensibly here as the heroic lead -RRB- . Hitchcock almost immediately realized that it was a production with no hope and he almost literally slept through the film , putting virtually no effort into the direction . Part of this was due to the problems on the production , but part of it was due to its being Hitchcock 's `` contractual obligation film . '' It was the final film that he needed to make in order to fulfill all his obligations in Great Britain and enable him to depart for the United Stated and Hollywood.For students of Hitchcock , there is little reason to see this apart from completeness and curiosity . I 've now seen this four times -LRB- once at a film festival of his British films , once on VHS , and twice on DVD -RRB- and honestly consider it three times too many . Hitchcock was bored and took absolutely no effort to make it interesting . The same film could have been made by a director with only a fraction of Hitchcock 's talent.Hitchcock probably made more truly great films than any other director in the history of cinema . In fact , he made more watchable or interesting films than anyone . But JAMAICA INN joins a short list of truly awful Hitchcock films , along with things like SECRET AGENT -LRB- his film version of the Ashenden short stories by Maugham , not to be confused with his film version of Joseph Conrad 's SECRET AGENT , titled SABOTAGE -RRB- , THE PARADINE CASE , STAGE FRIGHT , TORN CURTAIN , and TOPAZ . But unless you are determined to see all of Hitchcock 's films or want to prove for yourself that this film is as bad as msot critics say , there is no reason to see this . Go rewatch SHADOW OF A DOUBT or THE LADY VANISHES instead .
 This video was rented to me for free on DVD . It looked like a hardcore , riveting film , but I was sorely disappointed . Why must all of these movies be about sex ??!! It was n't good , it did n't have a very good plot and I almost fell asleep trying to watch it .
 If you 've seen horror movies before then you 'll easily be able to predict what happens in this movie after the first 20 minutes or so . Although there are some creepy scenes towards the end ; the film , for the most part , suffers from a paper thin plot , sub par acting , and a lack of excitement . Like a reviewer said before me , the film is choppy and many scenes are very tedious and boring making it hard to not hit your fast forward button.I was n't really expecting too much from this film and `` Room 6 '' delivered pretty much what I expected . There are much better horror films out there , I 'd suggest renting this before you buy it .
 Room 6 happens to be the worst film in the horror genre . I have seen many half attempts but they all somehow seem to be better directed than Room 6 . The movie is predictable , boring , not funny , full of goofs and has the worst climax ever . I thought before writing a review for it because it 's not fun to write reviews for such meaningless BS filled dramas . The acting was below par , there was no direction and one could n't sit thru the film if one tried.Do not watch . Just close this window.Watch Hostel .
 So I got your attention , huh ? The lesbian nurses serve no purpose to the story but I 'm sure men will like it . Marcia , Marcia , Marcia has man hands that 's for sure . That fat kid from Stand By Me is still slim . And Natalie from The Facts of Life is a nurse ! Watch the film and see what I mean ... if you dare ! Okay , that was rather mean of me . This is n't very good . It did n't even make the so bad it 's good cut . The demons that Taylor 's character sees work but the hospital scenes are beyond ridiculous . It 's a total man 's fantasy to have nurses that look like that , dressed like that and certainly acting like that sans the blood . I know those hospital scenes represent a hospital that was in a different time but nurses never looked like that . Caps , yes . Porn stars ? No . The story is just a little too hodge-podge of horror cliches . Even late in the film , Taylor 's character runs with the speed of turtle . It is neat to see Chloe Grace Moretz at an even younger age but aside from that , there is little to recommend this film .
 Wow ! There is a great deal to be said for marketing . This straight to DVD release was marketed very well in its trailers on the Masters of Horror DVDs . Do n't believe it!The story is n't all that horrible -LRB- but it is more than a little `` preachy '' at the end -RRB- , but the execution of it is just abominable ! The director is also the head writer and he really does NOT have the gift of dialog . It is hackneyed and overwrought . Rather than letting the action tell the story , he feels it necessary to overwrite the dialog to supplement the action . There are all sorts of loose ends and missing plot points.Christine Taylor is the lead in the film and she ca n't carry it . She is n't a bad actress but she 's not a good one either . Shane Brolly and Jerry McConnell are the male leads and while both are atractive , neither one is a great actor . -LRB- Frankly , I still marvel at O'Connell 's weight loss all these years later - how the heck did he do it and what does he do to stay so darned lean now ? -RRB- . The special effects are okay , but the story and the film just drags on and on and on . Why is the white trash mom such a royal b ** ch in one line and the very next line she delivers is somewhat sweet ? Huh ? Horrible !! Do n't bother .
 You want a play by play of this movie , then watch it ! This movie is predictable , cliche and it moves like a made for t.v. movie , or an hour and a half long episode of the twilight zone , or the outer limits . For horror fans - gorey it is not ! some ok make up jobs fill out the special effects portion of this film . Plus some choppy editing make some of this film annoying to watch . Christine taylor gives good face in this movie , very expressive , however you get tired of her screaming and gasping through the films duration . The only thing that kept my interest is the hospital sequences , I thought were moody and creepy , not gross creepy , but forbodding and ominous . Story line wise the hospital sequences were also weak as far as character development , and tying up loose ends . Unless you 're a die hard Christine Taylor fan , this movie is only good for a rental , its definately not worth the retail pricetag anywhere . Bottom line ... very dull .
 Christine Taylor -LRB- Zoolander , Dodgeball -RRB- stars as Amy who with her boyfriend Nick played by Shane Brolly -LRB- Underworld 1 & 2 , Sin 's Kitchen -RRB- get into a car accident with Lucas played by Jerry O'Connell -LRB- Sliders , Crossing Jordan -RRB- and his girlfriend . The paramedics come and take Nick and O'Connell 's girlfriend in seperate ambulances to the St. Rosemary 's Hospital . Taylor figures out that whoever took her boyfriend didnt take her to the hospital that they sent her to . Same thing goes for O'Connell with his girlfriend . So , they team up to try to find out where they are . Meanwhile at St. Rosemary 's the doctors and the naughty nurses act weird and Brolly finds out some pretty horrible things . Seems like Brolly is in a place he shouldnt be . Taylor , Brolly and O'Connell are wasted bigtime here . No scares , no thrills , no nothing . A pretty forgettable horror movie . Since its from the prodcuers of All Soul 's Day and House of the Dead you know its gon na be horrible and it is . Also starring Ellie Cornell -LRB- Halloween 4 & 5 , House of the Dead -RRB- , Kane Hodder -LRB- Jason X , DarkWolf -RRB- , Mary Pat Gleason -LRB- The Island , 13 Going on 30 -RRB- , Andrew Davoli -LRB- Spartan , Knockaround Guys -RRB- , Chloe Moretz -LRB- The Amityville Horror , Big Momma 's House 2 -RRB- , John Billingsley -LRB- Star Trek
 . . between horror and deep emotions with a capital fault : What the hell they think they are in giving us a clear statement against euthanasia ??? We are no longer in the middle age I thought . . Even for American standarts this should cause a big scandal !
 Of all the recent direct to DVD horror movies that Anchor Bay has been churning out lately , it 's safe to say that Room 6 is one of the best . Sadly though , that 's not really saying a whole lot
 This movie has a good plot but that 's where it ends , this type of movie where one is in a different place ... then ... etc. . -LRB- I am not going to spoil a spoiled movie -RRB- I do like the fact that they show what the little girl did was wrong . -LRB- euthanasia is wrong -RRB- . other than that , the hospital is never explained , are they a cult ? vampires ? both ? not enough scares , there is a part where the nurses get naked and drink blood . -LRB- that 's the highlight of the movie , except the blood -RRB-
 This Anchor Bay direct to video flick has a terrific premise about a manwho is in an automobile accident and is taken to a hospital that haslong been closed . His girlfriend tries to find him . The suspense isexcellent . Then , once the truth is revealed , the movie slows and theeffects are largely overdone and cheap , with a lot of ambiguity as tojust what happened . It would have been much better if there were noghosts and the story had a logical conclusion . Still , it will give theviewer a few good moments . I guess you could do worse .
 Who in there right mind gave this thing the green light to be written , produced and then released?Take my word , the plot SOUNDS better then it is . Marcia Brady is in a car accident with her boyfriend and weird things begin to happen . First no one is helping them get out and no one seems to care very much . An ambulance arrives and takes the boyfriend away , but has not told miss Clueless what hospital there taking him to . She goes to the local hospital but he was not taken there . She meets the Sliders guy who was in the other car and he ca n't find his sister either in the same situation . So they try to locate them , only to discover they have been taken to a hospital that burnt down years ago for being devil worshipers or something.Like I said , if that sounded interesting , beleive me , thats all there is thats any good . The movie is completely stupid and makes no sense . She sees all of these burnt up monsters type of people who keep telling her she wo n't get her boyfriend back , then the scenes in the hospital with the boyfriend are just ... * cringe * what are they supposed to be ? Demons , Zombies , vampires ? Yet at no point in the movie did i feel anyone was really in any danger or something bad would happen to them . Just a few weird scenes here and there that make no sense.I guess the writer thought it would be scary to see blood sucking nurses in the shadows , but they have a lot to learn about the actual viewers of these things , cause with no tie ins , or explanations , some kind of gore factor , then these movies get rated low ... very low.There is much more I could say about the scenes that do n't make sense , but I wan na point out the title . Room 6 ... . r66m 6 ... was there any point in this movie they referred to the ward as room 666 ? It hardly seemed like a scary room . The movie should have been , `` St Marys Hospital , and it 's un-spooky spooks `` To have nurses and doctors who you hear are this and that and are going to do these bad things , you hardly feel entertained when they act normal , keep backing away from the table , talk about golf and then say calmly , `` we should burn in this fire , it 's where we belong '' ... those who have seen this will know what I mean , where is the suspence factor in waiting for something to happen , needing something to happen , or there should have been something happen to improve the movie , and there just standing around smiling ? They do n't have demon faces , no odd surgery , no devilish thoughts , no nothing ... ZZzzzzzzzzzzzz ... and they just stand back when Barbie runs in to save her boyfriend and walk him calmly out of the hospital to live happily ever after.P.S
 Absolutely horrible . 1 star at best . What 's there not to like ? The acting is absolutely horrible . The special effects , especially the make-up , look amateur - the blood -LRB- and there is lots of it -RRB- looks very fake . Email me if you disagree . I hope I find a buyer for this DVD when I sell it on ebay ...
 `` ROOM 6 - DVD `` LOOK ... If I can stop just one person from blowing your hard earned money , not to mention your precious time , on this horrible movie then I 'll feel like my job is done here . I 'm so ticked off I waisted my time and money on this garbage I just had to warn the public myself . Do n't get me wrong , I can like a bad movie but ROOM 6 is just flat out horrible.The dialog has to be the worst . The story line is used and worn out . The acting is flat out terrible -LRB- no one was good in this flop ! -RRB- . But what I could n't get over was how staged everything felt . I felt like I was on the set of the movie -LRB- which I 've never been -RRB- and I just wanted to say , `` let 's do that take again '' . Seriously , the acting is terrible , terrible , terrible.HEED MY WARNING ... SAVE YOUR MONEY.I give , ROOM 6 , 2 thumbs down and 2 middle fingers straight to the producers !!! Oh yeah , one other thing ... I want my money back !
 I thought the plot really dragged in this sappy , semi-scary film about a young women who 's frightened of hospitals , but has to go into one to rescue her husband . Of course , in conquering her fears she saves his life , blah , blah , blah . Her husband , meanwhile , discovers that four of the nurses are blood-drinking lesbians in one of the most blatantly stupid scenes in the entire film . Clearly , somebody on the production staff must have realized that this film was a dud and that perhaps by adding a completely unimaginative girl/girl/girl / girl encounter they could somehow save it . But alas , this film is one patient that was beyond saving .
 The video was scratchy and wouldnt realy play so after the expenseand the expectation I have been unable to watch it.Very disappointed .
 i guess there must be a re issue they must put all the metallica songs thank you
 I also taped this show years ago and echo the other sentiments that the entire show should be here . With DVD it is easy to skip what you do n't like , and they should have included ALL of it and let the customer decide which parts he wants to watch . One of the performers on this disc -LRB- his name begins with a `` Z '' ? - I do n't have the disc with me right now -RRB- is someone I have never heard of and I did not care at all for him , I can not believe they put this on here and left so much else out.My other major gripe is that the only 5.1 sound is DTS , there is no Dolby Digital . I have an `` older '' receiver/processor that has Dolby Digital 5.1 but not DTS . I was fooled by this disc , the case has a `` Dolby Digital '' logo on it but that is only for the 2-channel background menu music . So I am forced to listen to the concert in PCM stereo . It does n't sound bad , but I know it would sound a lot better in 5.1 . I refuse to buy the Eagles `` Hell Freezes Over '' for this same reason.Overall this is not a bad disc , the picture and sound quality are better than the same songs on my tape , but I only give it 2 stars because it could have been so much better .
 I am dissapointed of the this DVD to much cut out during the concert , & more on behind the scene ... who cares !
 Again , all the other reviewers are 100 % accurate . I naively bought this yesterday . The track list does not come on the case , so i too , bought it assuming it was the same version as the vhs , but boy was i wrong . One of the greatest musical events in history , and they come up with this crap ? NO METALLICA !!!! Seriously ????? And then , Robert Plant did 3 THREE songs , including the mind blowing Innuendo and a stunning Thank You , and they get cut out . Extreme , Guns , Def ... . But Zucherro ??? Oh , he 's in there !!! Really bad choice here , why on earth did they decide to chop this up ? $ 20 bucks down the drain .
 Well , I bought it and returned it when I found out that they had edited the first half of the concert . I had the original taped from MTV back in 92 and lost it but then I purchased the VHS which to my disappointment had Bob Geldof & Spinal Tap removed among other things . Which is still not as bad as this DVD - Somebody please release the whole thing !! Thank You
 The DVD is a dissapointment . Over 1/2 of the music footage is missing.It 's a `` tribute '' concert , yet the biggest tribute to Freddie , Extremes medley of Queen songs -LRB- which is BY FAR the show stealer -RRB- and them performing `` Love of my Life '' w / Brian May are stricken from the DVD.Do yourself a favor , hunt down the VHS copy . If you threw out your VCR , it 's worth buying another one to watch it with .
 My long time waiting for a DVD version of that old but great Laserdisc was wasted . It 's absolutely depressing what they did here , by cutting some of the best parts of the original show.The Queen Medley by the great band Extreme was probably the best part of this show , not only because the way they played , but also because the playlist choice . A Medley of Bohemian Rhapsody , Bycicle Race , Another One Bites Dust , Keep Yourselves Alive , and others leading to one of the most beautiful moments of the show
 If I could give it a `` 0 '' stars I would . They cut all the best performances out of this DVD from the original airing . ESPECIALLY the amazing Extreme Medley ... as well as Def Leppard performing `` Now I 'm Here '' with Brian May -LRB- which was ironic as they showed Joe Elliott and Brian May in the cover booklet.I wish I could get my money back .
 Unbelievable . Simply unbelievable . How these `` so called '' video editors could cut out the very best performance of the entire concert is beyond me . Without the show stopping performance of Extreme and their melody of Queen tunes this is just an average concert . Whoever is responsible for cutting Extreme out of the final cut should be ashamed of themselves . They need to find a new line of work because evidently they are n't even qualified to edit my home movies.What a disappointment this DVD was . : -LRB-
 i ca n't wait to see the dvd version that i have been waited for years to released . However to my disappointment , it 's no more in the oringinal full version , such as the opening perfomance byMetallica , Extreme and others . i was so regret that i gave away my LD version to my friend . i wish that the producing company could release the full version . i knew all the fans out there would n't mind to buy it one more time
 I agree to all those folks that seen or have this concert before . had been edited for no reason . previously i have this before ba ck in the early 90s on laser disc . It was 2 laser disc set for this concert but it was complete . on the intro of the concert is metallica , followed by the extreme and def leppard , where all this song at now since this dvd is a 2 disc set . too bad . not worth it to buy . buy it on vhs instead or a laser disc.so u can see some missing performance .
 When I purchased the product , I was expecting a full length concert but to my disappointment , lots of missing parts of it was not included in the DVD . Such as the performances of Def Leppard , Mertallica , Extreme , Guns n ' Roses & other artists whom I know participated in the concert . I was not informed that the DVD I was purchasing during the time contains and limited to only selected concert performances .
 I was so excited to finally be finding this on DVD , but like so many others , I am extremely disappointed in that not only were all of the opening acts and footage of Freddie 's performances cut out , also Elizabeth Taylor 's appearance was cut out ! She was one of the main people behind putting this concert together not only for the sake of raising money for AIDS Research , but also in honor of `` Queen '' and Freddie . Cutting this out was in extremely poor taste ! I am so glad I still have my video and that it still works well , but this DVD needs to be re-released with all of the proper footage that is suppose to be on this recording !
 I have bought this DVD 2 months ago from Australia . I really wish I have never bought it at all . Do yourselves a favor , save your money or buy `` WE WILL ROCK YOU '' DVD instead if you do n't have one . It is much much much better .
 When I bought this DVD , I was under the impression it was a re-release of the VHS concert . I have the VHS version and was wanting to update my collection . The problem is - the quality of video on the DVD is very poor , most of the concert was cut out , the commentary by the celebrities about AIDS awareness was edited out as well . -LRB- Half the basis behind the concert in the first place . -RRB- My opinion - DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !!! I 'm throwing mine away .
 As a fan of both Queen and the bands that perform at this show I can honestly say this is the worst edition of the concert ever published.I recorded it when it aired live on MTV , and I 'd still have it if my dad had n't taped over it ! They did an absolutely horrid job compiling this show . So much is missing . Robert Plant 's oustanding cover of `` Innuendo '' is missing , as is Def Leppard 's cover of `` Now I 'm Here '' and Extreme 's 15 minute long Queen medley.I also hate the menu design , it 's very difficult to navigate.On the positive side there are plenty of extra goodies , such as band interviews and all the videos they played on the big video screens in the stadium in between acts.Overall this is not nearly worth the 20 + dollar price tag .
 I was so excited to see this out on DVD , I went right out and bought it without checking it out . I 've worn out 2 VHS tapes of the concert . Why am I -LSB- mad -RSB- ? Because they cut out a good 45 minutes of music . Three incredible Metallica songs , a very good Guns n Roses set , a fun Xtreme medley , and an amazing Def Leppard/Brian May version of Here I am . Do n't get me wrong , the other songs are also great , but why cut anything?I ca n't believe anyone who has the tape or the VideoDisc could ever give this a good review . This a big business trying to make a quick buck by ripping off people who do n't know any better and impulse-buying dummies like me.At least they could have put the remaining songs on the second DVD . Do n't buy this DVD . There 's plenty of new VHS tapes available on Ebay for about 20 bucks.I 'd give it one star ... but for Freddie , I 'll give it 2 .
 This DVD set is a huge disappointment . How could the DVD have FEWER matertials than the VHS version ?! I was expecting to see not just what they have on the VHS , but also the ones they edited out , but no ! They have 2 discs and this is all they could put in ? I just could n't believe it ! Guess I should buy the VHS tape on eBay instead ...
 I do n't own this DVD but based on the reviews I will not be purchasing it . I orginally taped this concert when it was on MTV years ago . Because my TV was a piece of junk at the time , the sound quality was terrible but I still have the tape . I ended up buying the official VHS tape when they released it but found that they had edited out some of the things that were shown on MTV when the concert first aired . Overall the VHS release still kicks ... but I was somewhat disappointed . Now it sounds like they have edited out even more for the DVD . I am writing because I would like to see a multiple DVD un-edited version of this concert in it 's entirety . I do n't care what it costs . Put everything in there . People will buy it .
 I wish I had known this . The main reason I bought it was for Gare Cherone 's contribution . Very disapointed .
 VERy dissapointed with this dvd brought it for the guns n roses show what isnt even on it ripped of false advertising crap dont waste your money
 The neighborhood teens are being killed off one by one as the man they thought was dead returns to get the ultimate revenge . And their parents ca n't save them now . Try to stay awake through this one . There are better sequels and better times to be had .
 I think people are more scared of the IDEA of getting killed in your dreams and not being able to wake up and save yourself than they are of this movie . Because , I got ta tell ya , it was n't scary . Yeah the idea of seeing one of your freinds being helplessly dragged around the ceiling while cuts start forming on her is unnerving , but really I was just waiting for people to die . This movie did n't suck me in one bit , did n't make me believe anything other than Freddy could very well be the most evil man in the slasher genre . He specifically targeted kids when he was alive , and that creeped me out more than thinking of him as a dream haunter . I do n't know . Talks of a prequel are coming to fruition , and I think THAT would be a truly terrifying film . Skip this and go for what I consider to be the scariest film of all time , `` Halloween . '' It 's way better than this one .
 I think this movie is supposed to be very scary but I ca n't say that it scared me at all . In fact the creepiest part was that morbid song the kids sing at the beginning
 This movie is so overrated it 's unbelievable . It 's absolutely terrible . The concept is so scary , the fact that Freddy kills you in your dreams so frightening . Sadly , this movie does n't live up . Sure , it 's older , and a lot more tame than some newer movies , but Halloween scared the heck out of me , and I was on the edge of my seat for Friday the Thirteenth . I was neither for NOES.For starters , whoever cast Heather Langenkamp should be taken out and shot . She ca n't act her way out of a paper bag ! Why is it , that every time one of her friend 's is murdered , she has that weird smile on her face ? I love it when she yells in this movie , her voice cracks . When her mom tells her she knows who Freddy is , Nancy -LRB- Heather -RRB- screams at her `` you knew all this time and you didnt tell me ??!! '' How would Nancy 's mother know to tell Nancy about Freddy when this is the first time that Nancy 's mother has heard about the dreams ? Stupid.When Glen is murdered , Nancy tells her father -LRB- a cop -RRB- that in twenty minutes , to come knocking down her door , because she will have the killer at her house . In twenty minutes time , she is able to set an extremely elaborate trap -LRB- plan it out , get all the parts , set it up , etc -RRB- , have a nice , long conversation with her mother , go to her room and fall into a deep sleep , deep enough to catch Freddy ; Twenty minutes ? Ha ! Then , when screams are emitted from Nancy 's house , the police officer waits a couple minutes to finally decide to check it out , something might me wrong . Hmm.The dialogue leaves a lot to be desired , however the special effects were great for 1984 , up until the scene where Freddy calls Nancy . Freddys tongue-cheap , pink , hunk of rubber moving around on edge of phone just left me cracking up on the couch . The movie did n't scare me to tears , it had me laughing to tears . The only reason I gave this a 2 was because it created the infamous Freddy Krueger . Other than that , it stunk !
 The neighborhood teens are being killed off one by one as the man they thought was dead returns to get the ultimate revenge . And their parents ca n't save them now . Try to stay awake through this one . There are better sequels and better times to be had .
 The first time i saw this movie was when i was 5-years old and it did not scare me at all ... i just recently saw it again and i saw all of the stupid parts in it ... it was a very cheesy movie , had alot of corny special effects in it . I liked Halloween better !!
 I 'm normally a horror movie fan but this was terrible . This so called `` horror movie '' was too predictable . If you 're afraid that this movie will keep you awake all night , never fear , it will put you to sleep faster than 5 minutes of PBS .
 this is , as any typical wes craven movie , dumb silly and not at all effective . The plot is ludicrous and freddy cruger looks like a refugee from a costume party . I saw this once and almost fell asleep watching this absurd , silly and just plain dumb horror of a movie . It baffles me how people could consider this a great film . it is a great film to go to sleep to . The effects are poor and unconvincing , and the acting is awful , there is no suspense and Freedy Kruger could make me laugh if this were n't such a dopey film . Avoid this as one should all wes craven films including scream .
 I really like this movie.It 's about a girl , Nancy who starts having nightmares of a hideously burned man with a charred fedora , green and red striped shirt and a deadly , knife-tipped gauntlet.After her friend gets horribly killed by the fiend , everyone assumes it was her boyfriend , who was in the locked bedroom with her when she died . He soon gets arrested , but Nancy has a strange dream during school , in which she bruned her arm , and when she woke up , the burn was on her arm.She later goes to the police station , but sees through a back window , the bruned man go into her friend 's cell , but this was all a dream right ? Nothing happened to him . Wrong . He 's found dead shortly after Nancy wakes up.Nancy presses on , desperately searcing for the answer . And then her mother tells her . Many years , all the parents of Elm Street took the law into their own hands and burned a child murderer to death . This murderer was Nancy 's nightmare man , Freddy Krueger.Nancy tells her boyfriend -LCB- Johnny Depp -RCB- not to go to sleep , and does the same herself . But then Depp goes nap nap , and gets brutally murdered in his bedroom.Nancy instructs her father to wake her up in twenty minutes and goes to slepp , a plan in her head , to pull Krueger out of her dream , and into the real world.She succeeds but not until he kills her mother . Nancy confronts him and sends his vile spirit straight back to hell.But this was all a dream , happy days , until it comes to a very strange ending.Robert Englund did a fantastic job at playing the despicable monster Freddy , and he also managed to reprise the role in the sequels . THe strange ending had a very bad effect in there , and that forced my rating down to four , instead of the fantastic five I was planning to give it.I really want to see the others soon .
 I do not know how this film became one of the most famous horror films of all time . I watched it for the first time yesterday , and though I 'm told I should judge films by the codes and conventions of the context within which they were made , my opinion is that some films you can watch regardless of when they were made , and some date like nobody 's business . A Nightmare on Elm Street fits into the latter category - it is so dated it 's scary . Which , I 'm sorry to say , is the only scary thing about it . As a kid I avoided this film like the plague because of how terrifying it was meant to be ; well , if in the 80 's that passed as scary , then I was definitely the bravest kid on the block.The script is , quite frankly , laughable . The lines are so terrible that you find yourself frowning at the screen as if to say
 The neighborhood teens are being killed off one by one as the man they thought was dead returns to get the ultimate revenge . And their parents ca n't save them now . Try to stay awake through this one . There are better sequels and better times to be had .
 I bought this movie on the sole premise of watching Johnny Depp in his first starring role . I saw this film when it came out and I could never figure out why it was scary . While rewatching it I think that I may just be associating Robert Englund too much as Willy from V and not enough as evil Freddy . 20 years later not much has changed , I still was not scared and Johnny Depp still looks good .
 The Nightmare on Elm Street , the film that introduced the pop icon Freddy Krueger , promises a frightening premise . What if a monster could only get you during your most vulnerable daily ritual of sleep ? Unfortunately , like many slasher films of its time , it does n't follow through.Settling into this film , I was expecting something uniquely terrifying . After all , I 've been seeing Nightmare on Elm Street placed on top ten lists of scary movies lately . What I got was a slasher film only slightly better then most . It still has the clich&eacute;d characters , poor dialogue and illogical plot that plagues the Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers stories in the movie world . But I suppose no one goes to see these films for their quality.I was particularly annoyed by the parents in the film . During a string of teenager deaths , parents all seemed unsympathetic towards the surviving kids trying to emotionally recover . When one girl has two friends die in a period of a couple days , her boyfriend 's parents think she is unreasonably upset and hang-up on her calls . Her mother is a drunk who locks her in the house , and her father uses her to try to catch the murderer . As if that is n't ludicrous enough , a police officer , hearing screams of terror next door , takes two minutes to decide that perhaps he should tell the chief something might possibly be wrong . There is n't one adult in this movie that is intelligent or considerate enough to stop and realize that the survivors might be hurting from their loss . Again , I know this film is n't meant to be realistic , but I 'd appreciate some adults who at least had an inkling of believability.But perhaps the most disappointing aspect of the movie was that Freddy did n't have as much screen time as he should have had . We see more adults criticizing their kids for grieving then we do the killer himself . He is rarely to be seen , popping up here and there in a few dreams . Even the ending was light on Freddy.I guess I just was expecting something a little better then the standard slasher film here , and in a few ways , it was . For example , the film has an intriguing idea , a few frightening moments and Johnny Depp in his debut . But it just was n't enough to overcome the usual pitfalls that infest this film to raise it much higher above the usual -LSB- stuff -RSB- . This can be a fun watch on the guilty pleasure level if you do n't expect anything , but is otherwise dismissible . It 's just too bad the great idea of dream-invading monster is n't done better , because the thought is terrifying . It 's too bad the movie was n't .
 Even though i admit this movie has a very original story and pretty cool special effects i just didnt like this movie very well . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 cause it was alot better than all of those pointless sequals that were yet to come , but it still lacks what all the other horror movies of that time like halloween and friday the 13th had . The story is about a child murderer who was burned to death years back and now returns years later to haught people in their dreams and when he kills you in your dream you die for real . Even though im not a fan of this film i suggest you check it out for yourself especially if your a horror fan .
 There are three names in horror , Jason , Michael and Freddy . My favorite of those three are Jason . Everyone has their own personal favorite and I 'm sure somewhere there are three nerds sitting in their parents basement arguing about who would win in a fight . I think out of the three the most easily reconizible is Jason because of the mask . Next is Fred because of the glove . When someone puts bugles on their fingers and makes a claw everyone knows what movie character they are `` hilariously '' immitating . So there are 4,000 reviews for this movie , but I figured I 'd put my two cents in.If you 've read some of my other reviews , I always look for three things in movies . The first is , is the acting of a better than average quality , and is the movie well made . Second is , are the death sequences believable and realistic ? And third is the ending.First , is Nightmare on Elm Street , or NMOES , well made ? Many people say yes . I do n't really know where I stand . The idea of the film is really scary , and parts of the film are . The directing is very good , and the quality is good . Some things I just do n't know about . I 'll get to some of those in the next category . The acting is pretty decent , but sometimes I think that the actress that played Nancy is a little over the top.Secondly , I look at the death sequences for believeability and if they are done well . This is where the movie for me falls short . I thought that part when Freddy pushes the wall out with his head was awesome . I said ... `` OH CRAP ... `` All was lost for me when Fred is walking down the street with arms that are suddenly 8 feet long . I stared at the screen and then just busted out laughing . That is the worst effect I have ever seen , and it was completely un-nessecary . What were they thinking?Then I started getting back into the movie , and was getting creeped out until Nancy runs up the stairs and gets caught in the steps . Now I 'm no big city special effects guy , but anyone can see the pre-cut holes in the steps that she will step into when the stairs `` magically '' become liquid . Could n't they cut a cross into the carpet , so when she stepped it would look more real . At least it would look less stupid.That brings me to the title about the whizzes . Did they watch the movie before they released it ? Or at least watch the daily 's and say , huh we could do that effect better . There are some other effects I thought were kind of stupid and unnessecary , but I do n't want to get into them.However the kill scenes were done well . When they kill Johnny Depp , that is pretty cool . I really liked the bathtub scene , as well as the scene when Nancy is in school and Tina appears in the hallway . Creepest part of the movie.Finally , my last horror movie evaluation is the ending . So I finally get over laughing at Freddy 's massive arms , and then I 've recovered from the stair incident , and along comes the ending . In my original review I told the ending , which , yeah could make you mad if you have n't seen the movie . But just let me say , that this ending is absolutely terrible . It is incredibly slapped together , and makes absolutely no sense at all . You 'll just have to watch it to find out what happens , but instead of leaving me speechless ... . it left me in stitches , and they were n't from Freddy 's glove ... unless Freddy 's glove is equipped with blades of laughter ... which I highly doubt it is ... **** NEW ***** I rewatched the film with my girlfriend and I think I get the ending . It does n't make the bed scene with the whole body being lowered thing any less ridiculous , but I think i understand what happened . That being said , my review still stands.Nightmare on Elm Street is a pretty creepy movie . The idea of someone in your nightmares is awesome , and Bob does a terrific job as Freddy . I actually think his best Freddy performance was in Part Two but everyone hates that movie . I must be completely opposite from the world because my favorite of the series was number two . NMOES 1 is a decent slasher movie until the end . I just ca n't past the ending . * I know I 'll get crap for this review but it 's just my opinion .
 I REALLY DIDNT CARE FOR THIS MOVIE TOO MUCH . IT STARTED OUT VERY SLOW AND ENDED EVEN SLOWER . ITS OK FOR PEOPLE INTO CLASSIC HORROR . NOT TOO SCARRY .
 -LRB- Instead of reviewing a film you probably already know , I stick to DVD special features -RRB- Those Extras : Commentary
 This movie was not the least bit scary . The effects where lame and the story line was weak . The ending also made no sense whatsoever . That is why it desearves 1 star
 For the 0.99 percent of people who have no idea of what this movie is about : Several teenagers are brutally slaughtered in their sleep by the vengeful ghost of a child killer who was killed years earlier by a mob of angry parents.I do n't understand why this film is so popular . Freddy Krueger is far from being scary . He is an obnoxious , ugly , scarred clown who wears a cheap hat and has knives for finger nails . I will frankly state that he is a lot more menacing here than in the sequels but for the most part , he is still pretty obnoxious . I also DO NOT understand why so many people have been so fascinated by this stupid character and have literally worshipped him as if he were THE VIRGIN from THE SONG OF BERNADETTE . The guy was an evil child killer !!! There is nothing in his character discription that merits that kind of idolatry.Moving on ... The scares are lame , the special effects are cheesy and the ending is pretty dumb . Also , What the heck happens to Johnny Depp ?? The guy get 's swallowed up and filtered by his bed . And what 's up with all of that blood ?? There is no way Mr. Depp was made up of THAT MUCH red stuff.The film 's sole bright spot is Heather Lagenkamp . Although her performance is by no means extraordinary , her character is at least , likable and the viewer does end up caring for her till the end . That is if the viewer is still awake by that point in time.For those of you who are not ardent Elm Street fans , the only film I recommend in the series is Craven 's last entry , NEW NIGHTMARE also starring Lagenkamp . It offers a new take on this tale and Freddy Krueger is actually quite menacing and not the idiotic clown depicted in the first 6 installments of the series.When will horror film fans admit to the fact that Freddy Krueger is NOT SCARY ??
 When I was younger I use to be scared to even watch these films but now that I have watched some of them -LRB- this one included -RRB- I feel they make no sense at all . Of course if you like the older horror films in the 80 's this one will be for you . But I personally think they should have stopped with this movie -LRB- just my opinion -RRB- If by any chance you have never watched these before and do n't know what they 're like then rent them first to see if your gon na like them .
 i rented out nightmare coz i woz told that it woz a masterpiece.The blood looked like apple juice , freddy got out smarted which does not usally happen as i have seen sequels 3,4,5 . The ending is retarded , the music retro which is rubbishly old . If u r thinking of renting or buying the disasterpiece DONT !
 I saw this movie recently for the first time . I had already seen all 9 Friday the 13ths . This was okay , and it was an interesting concept , but it just was n't that good . It was neither really scary nor funny . One scene with Johnny Depp 's character , near the end , was hilarious , but that was it . It also did not explain how to kill Freddy , and the ending sucked . No offense .
 In a horror film I expect gore , blood and scary characters . Okay fair enough A Nightmare On Elm Street had all this , but they did ` nt use these characteristics to what I expected . I expected this Movie to be a scary movie , yet the movie tended to drag on to a slightly boring plot which led the movie to a disappointing ending.Yes the movie had a story line about a Psychopathic child murderer who kills under 18 's in thier sleep on Elm Street , but this very good story line was spoilt by the way the film was set out.Overall not a `` Bad '' movie but not Good movie either .
 Have we learned nothing from George Romero ? Romero tried to teach us -LRB- in vain , apparently -RRB- that horror movies did n't have to be mindless . They did n't have to be one dimensional . Look at his `` Dead '' trilogy . Those three films -LRB- Yes , he ONLY NEEDED THREE -RRB- not only had the most gore this side of a Turkish Prison , but they also offered political satire and Romero 's views of the world today -LRB- for the era in which he made the films , not 1999 -RRB- . That being said , I find all these mindless slasher films -LRB- and their countless , desperate money generating sequels -RRB- to be insulting in a small way . I 'm not trying to turn people off of this film , I 'm just ranting . I do that a lot .
 This review applies only to the Good Times Video DVD and its VHS counterpart in the `` Happy Trails Theatre '' series . The rating applies to the DVD , not the movie itself.OUT CALIFORNIA WAY -LRB- Republic Pictures , 1946 -RRB- is a singing cowboy western starring Monte Hale in which Roy Rogers and Dale Evans make a brief cameo appearance . It was filmed in TruColor , a primitive color process that today has a certain antique-looking charm . It is the first of 19 TruColor pictures that Roy and Dale appeared in . The film is preceded by the statement `` This vintage material has been preserved on DVD in its original form , using the best available elements . '' That statement is false . The evidence is the transfer itself . Although the DVD is in TruColor and boasts one of Good Times Video 's better transfers , the picture quality is dim , muddy , blurry , and appears to be sourced from a dirty , damaged and heavily-used 16mm dupe.According to the cover art , the film runs 65 minutes . Another false statement . The AFI database and imdb list the correct length at 67 minutes . The actual length of the film on this DVD is 53 minutes , meaning 14 minutes are hacked out of the film , causing distracting jumps in sound and picture , and rendering the continuity senseless . Republic routinely cut their singing cowboy films to 53 minutes for sale to television in the mid-1950s , supplying the networks with hastily developed 16mm dupes shortened to fill an hour-long time slot that also had 7 minutes of commercials . Obviously , Good Times Video transferred the inferior television version to DVD and its VHS counterpart . Hardly `` preserved in its original form from the best available elements '' while clean , sharp 35mm elements remain carefully preserved in Republic Pictures ' vaults . The fact that this was done with the approval and participation of the Roy Rogers Family Trust -LRB- his heirs -RRB- makes it all the more sad for the fans.There is no option on the DVD menu to watch `` Happy Trails Theatre '' apart from the film . This nostalgic chat between Roy , Dale and Iron Eyes Cody , videotaped in the late 1980s starts automatically when you push `` play movie . '' It is used to pad out the running time of the film and to give the misleading impression that Roy Rogers endorses the inferior transfer.The entire `` Happy Trails Theatre '' series on Good Times Video consists of cut films and hideous transfers . The series is not up to professional standards . Roy Rogers deserves better , and so do his fans who shell out their hard-earned money . Nothing can destroy the enduring legacy of a star and a role model more effectively than disseminating a product that undermines the quality of his work and makes him look like a cheat .
 WHAT A MOCKERY OF THE ORIGINAL ! This movie was soooo pathetic . The story was so layed out with no detail . What happened to Wes Craven 's master piece ? DO NOT BUY THIS ... THING ! This was not supposed to be Freddy movie , believe me .
 Besides A nightmare on Elm Street 2 freddy 's Revenge this is the worst of the series . Horrible Acting . I would n't even compare this to part 3 .
 Freddy comes back from the grave and starts killing off a bunch of teens including a kid that looks like Fat Albert . This is a dark comedy and has some interesting imagery in the style of labrynth but not much.The scene where the girl gets turned into a roach was disgusting and very creative . There is a scene where one of the guys gets turned into a part of a pizza and then he gets eaten by Freddy , that was funny.This movie has no plot and has some lame scenes like when one of the kids turns into a karate kid and tries to fight off Freddy -LRB- yawn that was boring -RRB- . There is not too much violence and gore in this one . The limited amount of gore in this movie is cheesy.Also I like how Freddy has funny one liners . I thought Freddy 's Dead was a bit more interesting and wild than this one . I still have yet to see the other Elm street movies but when I do I will give a review on here .
 This is the last Nightmare On Elm Street film I 'd show to a hater of the series to try and convert them . It 's filled with everything the critics hate about Freddy films . For a start the special effects seem to have been deemed more important than any kind of decent script . Freddy is no more than a wise-cracking clown , the sets are garish and any suspence is swiftly killed off by painful over-acting . The ending is very good special-effects-wise , but plot-wise it 's the feeblest -LRB- anti -RRB- climax I 've ever seen in a horror film . The heroine shows Freddy has reflction ! What is he , Medusa the Gorgan ? Freddy had actually already seen his reflection in this film in some shining barbells , so the whole scene just falls flat on its face . If you 're a fan of Freddy films then there 's a few memorable moments , but this is more of a teen idol film than a horror film , the series producers obviously milking every last drop from the Freddy character .
 A lot of people like this . I ca n't quite understand why . The makers of this film admitted that all they did was film a lot of special-effects sequences and then find any old excuse to cobble them together . It 's a shame that Wes Craven 's original idea for this film , involving time-travel in dreams , was n't used . Instead all we get is special-effects and nothing else , just some tosh about Kristen -LRB- quite obviously played by a different actress , her character also completely different -RRB- giving her dream powers to somebody.Unmemorable sequel , Freddy now about as scary as a court jester . There 's an excellent soundtrack , but it 's completely wasted on this dross .
 After being ressurrected by flaming dog urine , Freddy -LSB- Robert Englund -RSB- returns once more to haunt the remaining kids of Elm Street . This is the movie where the campiness begins to really take hold of the series . While Freddy is still entertaining , he 's no longer as menacing as he was in the previous installments . This film is not a total waste as there are good special effects and a few thrills here and there and you can at least get through this one without falling asleep due to constant boredom . And although they do the best they can with the script they have , the cast of characters here are not up to par with the previous film 's cast which sinks this film a little more and i do believe that this would be the last halfway decent Nightmare movie until New Nightmare as the quality of the series has begun to slip here and would only get worse for the next couple of movies . If you love all things Freddy or if you like cheesy 80 's horror flicks , then give this movie a watch .
 A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 is not very good in my opinion . The plot gets cheesy and very unrealistic to the point of boredum . I only give this movie a second star because the first part of the movie holds your interest to a certain point . You wo n't miss out on anything by not watching this film .
 I bought this one recently becauseI was a huge Freddy fan as a kid andwanted to revise the ol' collection . Butbeing the Horror freak that I am , Icould n't see this one as scary . I thoughtit was O.K. Just a fun fantasy movie , nothing Scary or morbid . Buy this one ifyou want a good chuckle . Not to be terrified.The 1st and 2nd Nighmare movies are the best . Dark , Spooky , scary , gothic , morbid , gross , bloody etc.Parts 4 , 5 , Freddy 's Dead and A New Nightmareare just trying Wayyy too hard to keep thefranchise going . In fact I never ever saw the last twoinstallments until just recently because I thoughtback then they 'd ` becheesy ' . My thoughts were correct , I could n't evenfinish watching them .
 I am a big Freddy fan , if you do n't believe me , read my reviews on the other Frederick films , but this one is definitely the most over-rated . It 's a shame really , because you get ones like number 2 and 5 which , in my opinion , are under-rated , and much better than this one.The main characters of this film really shift places half way through . At the beginning , and for about the first half hour , the main character is the survivor from number 3 , Christene . Then she ... well , you know . So then it 's her best friend , Alice.The story of the film has Freddy ; once again , rising from his grave . -LRB- ... -RRB- I know , it 's in a dream , but I think it 's even a little too far fetched for that -RRB- . Basically , he finishes off all that 's left of the children of the lynch mob that killed him , which is only three . But now he wants to invade the dreams of the `` new '' children of Elm Street , and start his reign of terror all over again . We basically find out that he ca n't just come in their dreams like before , but that he firstly needs `` someone '' to bring them to him . That 's when Alice , the dream master , steps in . She unwillingly brings Freddy new victims by falling asleep , so whenever she shuts her eyes , someone bites it . Now that 's what you call a hard life!Now as I said in my review for number 3 Freddy became more comedic from then on , but this one really takes the michael . Freddy ai n't scary at all anymore , Robert Englund 's lines are almost all taken up with jokes.I 'm sorry , but I ca n't see why this one made the most money at the box office , I really ca n't . It 's not a bad film by any stretch of the imagination , but it 's just not good , either . If the word `` average '' was made for any film , this was that film . Yes , visually it is good , but I 'm sorry , that just does n't save it for me . All the acting from the teenagers is pretty average . Again , though , like before , Robert Englund is a lot of fun . This guy really knows how to play a wise-cracking psychopath.So , I 'm sorry to say , do n't believe all the hype , this film do n't deserve it .
 If you 're a fan of the NOES series , you 'll probably end up seeing this one , but let me tell you , it 's the same plot they 've been using since the original . It 's sad . To the point
 THIS IS MOVIE IS THE WORST THING THAT HAPPENED TO HORROR SINCE LEPRECHAN . The first Nightmare on Elm Street was good . That 's what got my hopes up . I finally see it and it 's almost as bad as The Perfect Score . I think that the incredible horror of Freddy Kruger got lost in cheesy special effects by this movie . The Freddy that made me afraid to sleep would have never turned a girl into a cocroach . Freddy might as well have just thrown away his glove after part 2 . All of the above made it stupid . This is why it was n't scary . It had no dunts . For those of you out of the know , I 'll give you a dictionary definition of a dunt.Dunt-dunt-A moment in horror movies where a scary image showing up very suddenly , such as a killer jumping out from behind the door and catch you off guard . Often times accompanied by a loud noise.THIS MOVIE HAD NONE . that , my friends is why I HATE THIS MOVIE
 Not a good dvd no elm street DvD has ever been cool no deleatedscenes !! Bull !!!!!!!!!
 What really bothered me about this one was the way they killed all three surviving charecters from part 3 off , especially right at the beggining . To have the series end with DREAM WARRIORS would have been a perfectly fitting way to finish the story . -LRB- After all , did n't Freddy 's mother , Amanda , say that the way to put him to rest was by giving him a proper burial ? -RRB- Instead , Freddy returns , this time revived by dog piss , and kills off the last three elm street kids whom Nancy Thompson sacraficed herself to protect , and who had fought so hard to save each other in the last film . The lesson seems to be that you will really defeat evil . You may succed in slowing it down , but it will always return and get you in the end .
 Ya know , I hated this film the day it hit the theaters , and after viewing it again last night I still hate it . This is a part 4 in a series , and when films hit Part 4 , things are usually rather stale . It 's possible to make a decent 2 and 3 , but by the time you get to 3 , people pretty much know what to expect , so you 'd better do something unique to make it good . Nightmare 3 managed to do this , though good as it was , things were starting to feel a bit been there/done that at that point . Plus , Freddy 's demise at the end of 3 was believable and was the most final of all his other `` deaths '' . If they had n't have tacked on that last scene to keep the sequel door open , 3 would have been a wonderful place to end the series and have it go out with a bang . However , the power of the dollar is even stronger than Freddy on his best day , and soon we got part 4 . Part 4 definitely has that feeling of a film done just for the sake of doing a sequel . Sure , they upped the budget and gave it more visual razzle dazzle , but the low budget of the first film played a huge role in how effective the movie was . Nightmare On Elm Street 's low budget helped it immensely , it did n't hurt it . The big budget on 4 hurts it bigtime , coz that 's all it has going for it . We get all the cliched scenes of the heroine creeping around the dilapidated Freddy house , the jumproping girls , all the stuff we loved about the earlier films , yet this time around it 's zero scary and downright tiresome . You know something 's wrong when you ca n't get Patricia Arquette to reprise her role and replace her with probably the worst actress the series has ever seen . Second , Renny Harlin directed this-Nuff said . All kinds of new cornball rules and twists are added to the Freddy mythos , and it 's stuff a middleschool kid would find lame . For no concrete reason , Freddy returns and terrorizes Kristin , the heroine of the previous film . Once she 's out of the way -LRB- to both Freddy 's and the viewer 's delight -RRB- , Freddy sets his sights on a whole new slate of kids which he gets to through redhead Alice , who has inherited Kristin 's dream powers . Sound dumb yet ? Basically Alice fills in the Kristin shoes by figuring out how to fight Freddy while her annoying teenage buddies drop off like flies . Like I said , it 's more of the same ol , same ol , but without any kind of thrill to it . How many times do we have to see Freddy pull off his sweater to reveal the chest full of souls ? I will admit however , that the girl being turned into an insect was rather cool , and kinda disturbing . Now I realize that when a series goes on for awhile that the boogeyman ceases to be as scary as he used to coz we 're all kinda used to him , but c'mon , man ! Do n't turn the guy into a joke for crying out loud ! Hell , I love the Friday the 13th sequels , but those were silly from the moment Jason popped into the picture , so it 's fine that they remained silly . Nightmare on the other hand is a series that started off legitimately creepy and turned lame as it went on . What they should have done is just stop at 3 . I know the money people would have rather died than do that , but that 's what they should have done .
 This Nightmare on Elm Street is by far the worse thus far in the series . The only thing good about this movie is that the annoying people die first .
 The next installment was really bad . I really did n't like the actors or the plot . It got really boring at the part where Alice was driving in circles .
 If only the redhead in this movie really was a ` dream master ' and could fight Freddy in dreams . It might have been interesting then . Instead she 's just the main character who gets to survive until the ending.Freddy comes back , kills off the survivors from the third movie and then moves on to the rest of them . From then it 's all the same . A character fights off sleep , goes to sleep . Freddy shows up , says a few one liners and the character dies . A few of the characters try to fight , but they are pretty vacant and the `` I do n't believe in you '' tactic no longer works like it did in the first one . Eventually Freddy gets put back into the hereafter and somehow we are supposed to cheer on the redhead who puts him there , or something like that.The only reason I give it two stars is that it has some cute lines and if you watch it like a dark comedy it 's not so bad , but it really shows the rut into which the series fell .
 This is a terrible Movie , I mean , they never Thought about the deaths . Example , someguy just gets stabed in the stomach and when they showed it , it did not show not even a drop of blood ! And one more thing , there is a long nudeity scene and I know why they showed it , because they were desprate!Got Milk ?
 After the fantastic third chapter DREAM WARRIORS I expected an evenbeter follow up in this fourth film . When I left the theatre in August of 1988I was crushed . NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 4 THE DREAM MASTER is anincoherent , nonsensical mess . A real dissaster . Let me reitterate A PIECE OFCRAP !!!!! . The movie has no plot at all , just a bunch of effects sequences linked together by nonsense . Freddy returns , despite his `` HOLY BANISHMENT '' inpart3 , with no explanation at all . Lead warrior Kristen Parker is not only adifferent actress but comes across like a whole other character . New heroineAlice takes on the personalities and skills of her friends whom Freddy has killed . HUH !!! Freddy seems to have almost God-like powers this time out andis able to transform one character into a tiny insect . Heck , if he can do that than I wonder how anyone can even hope to defeat him . None of this is ever explained.Characters resite a `` dream master '' ryme that is awful and makes no sense at all . I wont even try to explain the climax because I still have n't figured it out myself . Something about `` Freddy ca n't look at his own reflection or the souls of his victims will rip him apart from inside . '' HuH !??!!?? This was the most financially seccessful Elm Street film , but that is because of the big openning it had . When all the fans like me who loved the third movie laid down five -LRB- this was 1988 -RRB- bucks to see what would happen next and walked out wishing we had n't . A real stinker that totally insults Freddy fans.If you enjoyed this movie than allow me to recommend . . HIGHLANDER 2 , ROBOCOP 2 , SUPERMAN 4
 You know , If I really wanted to , I could take a dump on film and it would be better than this .
 im a big fan of the series but this it worst out of all of them
 The serious ` Nightmare on Elm Street ' series ended with Part 3 , in which Freddy 's past was revealed , the survivors of the original film were killed and Freddy was laid to rest . If the films had finished there and then they would have done so on a high note.But then the powers-than-be at New Line Entertainment decided Freddy was too much of a cash cow to dispose of and so more films were made . However , these newer films -LRB- apart from the superb ` New Nightmare ' -RRB- are strictly at comedy level . Part 4 : The Dream Master , despire boasting good camerawork and interesting special effects , is a non-event , no more than a series of set-pieces strung together by a very weak storyline . A new would-be victim is given the power to bring others into dreams by Kristen , whose character seems to have changed completely and who is completely miscast . Freddy , given top billing in the opening credits , is ludicrously over-the-top and the characters we 're supposed to care about are so smug and irritating it 's a relief when they die in horror comic-book fashion.Gaudy , show-offy and quite uninspiring .
 Freddy finally wastes the rest of the elm street kids and now goes looking for new victims . As always , a couple of good killings , but also quite number of hopeless ones . The acting is nothing impressive , Freddy 's wise cracking is becoming a bit too repetive , and the way Freddy is resurrected is laughable . This is probably the only one I would say is not worth a look at , this one and maybe `` Freddy 's Dead '' .
 Hi , I wan na say that the best nightmare on Elm street movie 's the 3rd and the worst 's the 4th ... I did n't like this movie ... It seems that Sheila -LRB- Toy Newkirk -RRB- was really dead on the tray of shooting of this movie , is it true ???
 The climax of this film demonstrates what the rest of it is like . There are several thousand flashy special effects as a result of the heroine Alice doing no more than showing Freddy his reflection -LRB- he 'd actually seen his reflection in this film already in some shiny barbells -RRB- . The camera-work and special effects are all very show-offy , but they fail to hide the weakest plot ever to -LRB- dis -RRB- grace a N on ES film and a complete lack of scaryness or suspence . Freddy is now no more than a wise-cracking comic-book villain and most of his victims just come across as unsympathetic and often over-the-top .
 Robert Englund is as terrific as Freddy as he ever was , and the rest of the cast is good , but I really felt that the series should have ended with part 3 . In the last movie , the ghost of Amanda Kruger , Freddy 's mother , appears and tells Dr. Neil , one of the psychietrists at the hospidal where the Elm street kids are staying at , that Fred Kruger must be given a proper burial in order to be put to rest for good . Which he does . -LRB- Speaking of which , we never hear from Dr. Neil or Amanda Kruger in this film , even though they both could have been brought back to help fight Freddy . -RRB- However , despite what Amanda said , it dose n't really put Freddy away for good . It just puts him on temporary hiatus . He comes back and kills off the last three surviving Elm street kids , Kinkade , Joey , and Kristen , right at the beggining , then he uses the dreams of Alice , one of Kristen 's friends , to enter the dreams of other teens in Springwood living outside of Elm Street to continue his killing spree . While I thought the actress who played Alice , a meek , timid girl who ultimatly grows stronger and defeats the bad guy , did a good job , I would have preferred to see a film in which Kristen survives and saves her friends from Freddy , or no fourth film at all . In the third film Joey is saved from Freddy by his friends , then he saves them from Freddy , and Nancy dies to save Kristen , all just so that the survivors of part 3 can all die at the beggining of part 4 . The message , -LRB- not that I think anyone was really intended , -RRB- seems to be that you will never overcome evil . You may slow it down , but it will always come back for you .
 O.k so Nightmare 3 was good but when 4 came along I was not suprised when I was not intrigued . It was o.k. I think it gets a bit stupid when they keep pulling each other into their dreams . It is neither scary or as original as the others . One bit which I though was good was when the main character is in her class . She falls asleep as does her friend and BANG ... heres FREDDY ! . O.k movie . Give it go if you liked the other Nightmare movies . Just do n't expect to be scared .
 Unfortunately , like all extended sequels sooner or later , the horror movie series of `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' went downhill in a hurry with a `` A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 - The Dream Master '' . I think that the critical viewer will notice a sad and unfortunate progression of cheesey comedy and exaggerated scenes of absurdity involving Freddy Krueger in this movie that diminishes what was once a great horror movie villain ... the result is an inept horror movie devoid of any credibilitly or ability to inspire actual horror in the audience . In effect , the audience views this ridiculous mess as a total joke and part 5 only solidifies this theory ... this is a sad entry in the `` NOES '' series . The orignal `` NOES '' showed a horrifying and formidable Freddy of great prowess as a horror movie villain , but this movie portrays Freddy more as a joke than anything else . Last , but definitely not least , this dream warrior concept with Kristen having such incredible dream powers becomes absolutely stupid and ridiculous in the extreme ... part 3 did okay with this idea , but part 4 runs it in the ground !! Is this movie about Freddy , the always formidable and powerful Kristen or just a total utter joke ... I would argue that part 4 of this series is about the latter two . Do n't buy this trash ... stick with parts 1-3 , the best of the series .
 I am a big Freddy fan , if you do n't beleive me , read my reviews on the other Frederick films , but this one is defentally the most over-rated . It 's a shame really , because you get ones like number 2 and 5 which , in my opinion , are under-rated , and much better than this one.The main characters of this film really shift places half way through . At the begining , and for about the first half hour , the main character is the surviver from number 3 , Christene . Then she ... well , you know . So then it 's her best friend , Alice.The story of the film has Freddy , once again , rising from his grave -LRB- he 's revived by a dog 's flaming urine . I know , it 's in a dream , but I think it 's even a little too far fetched for that -RRB- . Basically , he finishes off all that 's left of the children of the lynch mob that killed him , which is only three . But now he want 's to invade the dreams of the `` new '' children of Elm Street , and start his reighn of terror all over again . We basically find out that he ca n't just come in their dreams like before , but that he firstly needs `` someone '' to bring them to him . That 's when Alice , the dream master , steps in . She unwilingly brings Freddy new victims by falling asleep , so whenever she shuts her eyes , someone bites it . Now that 's what you call a hard life!Now as I said in my review for number 3 Freddy became more comedic from then on , but this one really takes the michael . Freddy ai n't scary at all anymore , Robert Englund 's lines are almost all taken up with jokes.I 'm sorry , but I ca n't see why this one made the most money at the box office , I really ca n't . It 's not a bad film by any stretch of the imagination , but it 's just not good , either . If the word `` average '' was made for any film , this was that film . Yes , visually it is good , but I 'm sorry , that just does n't save it for me . All the acting from the teenagers is pretty average . Again , though , like before , Robert Englund is a lot of fun . This guy really knows how to play a wise-cracking pyschopath.So , I 'm sorry to say , do n't believe all the hype , this film do n't deserve it .
 This one is more like a horror/comedy . Freddy 's hilarious in this one , and he really gets his revenge , too , having one of the highest death counts , in the series . This one has a lot of special effects . This one is better than part 5 , by a longshot.This one has the second most laughs in the series . Freddy 's Dead
 This is not the best in the series due to it 's stupidity and extreme cheesyness . If you want to see a good one rent 1 or 7 !! RATED R
 I was so disappointed with this dance video ! It is so confusing and not fun at all . She will say in the video now go to your right and she is going left and I do n't know which way to go . When she says dance to the left she is going to the right . They should have done this video in front of a mirror . Big disappointment .
 Who thinks these are educational ? Set aside maybe 10 % of the playtime is desirable documentary style action with narration . The rest of the footage you get these nauseating , jaw-droppingly self absorbed skits written by the producer/actor/writer / star himself to show himself prance around ... it 's embarassing !
 I bought this dvd for my grandson because he loves airplanes and trains . Too much commentary and very little action shots of trains and airplanes . It did not keep his interest , a total waste of money .
 The train footage on this movie is quite nice , but not nice enough to cover the extremely iritating , camera-hogging , mugging -LRB- poor attempt at acting -RRB- that comprises way too much of this movie.Fortunately , I did n't pay much for this movie -- should have known when the same man is actor/writer/producer / director -- some really terrible jokes , too much explanation of how the mechanics work , and way too many close-ups of Dave 's face . Really , complicated boiler explanations for a 3 year old?I did also agree that the scene of the woman trapped in her car on the tracks was quite upsetting for my 3 yo grandson.Save your money-my advice is pass on anything created by Dave Hood .
 Just show the real machines working , forget all the goofy narration that is annoying to adults and does n't even hold my son 's interest . He much prefers the Fred Levine series or the I Love CAT Machines series .
 When I received the DVD it was so scratched up that it would hardly play in the DVD player . I put it in my DVD cleaner and scratch remover , but it is to badly scratched up .
 I bought these movies based on reviews and was puzzled when I noticed my 3 year old son was afraid of the green choo choo train . I could n't imagine why until I replayed the movie and saw the scene where the green train was headed toward a woman stranded , yes , stranded ! , in her vehicle on the train tracks . As she waved her arms in panic and stares at the oncoming train , she screams stop ! I can not imagine how this fosters a safe feeling for children unless you are into the scare tactic approach to teaching.I was really upset and offended that this was put into a kid friendly show . Sadly , I do not recommend this DVD . The idea of it is great , but the delivery was more than poor . I will return the others I purchased .
 There were parts of this that were ok , but I ca n't get past the scene where there is a woman in her car that is stuck on the train tracks with the train coming dangerously close.My 2.5 year old son had watched this once before , and I must have stepped away for a moment and missed that part . The next time I was watching it with him , he started saying `` STOP the train ! '' well ahead of this scene -LRB- it clearly made an impression -RRB- , even at his age . I did n't even keep watching to see how it turned out - though obviously I 'm sure they work it out . I 'm shocked they would put that in there !!
 This video is hard to follow especially if you are beginning sign language . You have the word shown on the left side of the screen , a picture in the upper corner and the person signing on the right side of the screen so you have to look on the left for the word/words or in the upper left corner for the picture while the person is signing on the right side of the screen . Sometimes you may not catch all the sign because you are reading the word and/or words , or the word is signed to fast . The sign is only made once and if you do n't catch it the first time you will have to replay . You will need to have some experience under your belt before using this video . I do not recommend it for beginners . Also , there is no spoken sound on this video -LRB- only music -RRB- so you can not rely on hearing a word , you have to be able to read or look at the picture . You must also know the alphabet in sign languare because some of the words or pictures are simple spelled out . No specific sign is given .
 I went back and forth quite a bit about whether or not to give this one 2 or 3 stars , but after running through it again I decided I had to go with the lower . There is a bit of good information here , but it is overshadowed by the choppy editing job and the writer 's less than satisfactory grasp of the English language . The film goes off on many short tangents as well that add nothing to the story , a whole lot of speculation is presented as absolute fact , and quite a bit of information that is used is just flat out wrong . If you are dead set on watching a documentary about Belle this is just about your only choice , but there are plenty much better documentaries about similar subjects available if you are just looking for 19th or early 20th century murders .
 My young kids love the original little Rascals that are available on video and which , until recently aired on AMC on Sunday mornings . They were very disappointed with this fake-looking , slow and poorly-acted attempt that fails miserably to recreate the magic of the original Our Gang . The characters are mismatched too ! What made the original work was that many of what was done was impromptu with the kids acting at being themselves . In this movie , the kids are trying to copy other people working from a script and it just does n't work.Try to find the originals on video if you can .
 I would not recomend this for any children , especially the very young . I was very upset when I played this in our van for my son who will be 3 in a couple months . The entire movie is about hateing and name calling . My son started saying some of it . I do n't remember the origional show being like that . If you are a mom that wants your kid to grow up a nice young man then do not get this movie . I do n't want him to see stuff like this cause he learns to act that way and of course he loves this movie . I need to find another movie about kids . Kids that act respectful .
 The Little Rascals is one of those movies that can only be enjoyed by kids . Most adults will find this movie boring and almost unwatchable , -LRB- I gave up watching after half an hour -RRB- . However , if you are an adult and you like it , fine . But I think I speak for the majority when I say it 's `` only for kids '' .
 this movie is way different from the series which came out in the 1940 's . there was n't any rich kid wooing darla , and they never said anything nonsense on the shows like they did on this movie . this movie sucks . this is the first thing to score a two-star review from me . for a good movie from 1994 , buy the flintstones or the mask , but not this joke .
 Fans of the original Hal Roach series should be outraged at this piece of junk , which is highly overrated at even one star . The cast of look-alike children are completely devoid of talent , the script is wretched , and the direction is even worse . P.U. !!
 This movie was pretty lame on acting and storyline . Most actors in this movie are very unknown , the only one I recognized was Blake McIver Ewing , who was in some other movies like one of the `` Problem Child '' movies , and had occassional roles as Derek in the hit sit-com `` Full House '' . But the most fun in this movie were the many many cameos . There were very small roles for big stars as Mell Brooks -LRB- `` Spaceballs '' -RRB- , Mary-Kate & Ashley Olsen -LRB- `` Full House '' -RRB- , Whoopi Goldberg -LRB- `` Sister act '' -RRB- and many others .
 This is one of those projects that was doomed to failure at the very beginning . The children who were cast for this film were obviously picked for their looks only , as none of them displays any trace of talent , as evidenced by their lifeless delivery of lines . The script seems to have been patched together from bits and pieces of the old gags , with some dreadfully unfunny new lines added . The direction is also terribly inept ; it is quite obvious that Ms. Spheeris has no idea what she is doing . It is very sad to see a legendary comedy series thus desecrated . Those persons responsible for producing this disaster should be ashamed of themselves ; this film is nothing less than a travesty .
 dvd was scratched and dirty . Skip 's during the whole thing . The inside of the case is broken . The movie was supposed to be in good condition but looks like it came right out of a toddlers sticky hands . There was literally food on the front of the disk . The movie should of never been sold . This is why I will never shop on amazon again . do not buy from this seller unless you want damage food covered products . !!!!!
 The formula for this film is simple
 When Spanky McFarland was asked if they should remake `` Our Gang '' , he said no because he felt they got it right the first time . Wise man , that Spanky . While this is not bad for children or adults , why not just buy the originals instead ? Basically all they 've done here was take several of the original films , such as `` Mail and Female '' and `` Rushin ' Ballet '' , and string them together as a movie . Another problem I had was the clash of time periods - the characters dress like the originals and engage in the same types of activities , yet the film obviously takes place in the 1990 's . Children simply do n't build go-carts or wear bowties anymore . Why not just fully update the gang into the 1990 's or make this a period piece instead ? At best , this is a colorful , cute and lively romp , but nothing more .
 This movie is horrible . The kids are worse than zombies ! Obviously anyone who likes this drivel has never seen the real `` Our Gang '' kids . May the fools who tried to remake a classic -LRB- in every sense of the word -RRB- kids series into a feature film burn in Hell and be forever tormented by having to watch their tired attempt at filmmaking . Whenever I hear someone saying that they liked this movie I have to spit ! Ptooey !!!
 There 's a whole school of comedy the premise of which is the comedic characters getting themselves into situations which would be anywhere from tense to outright horrible in any other kind of movie -- in other words , no kind of situation any of / us / would / like / to be in -- but we get to laugh at their discomfiture because it 's them and not us who 're looking stupid . Abbott and Costello , the Three Stooges , The Little Rascals , all are examples of this kind of genre from the 20 's / 30 's . And the genre lives still -- in movies like `` Dumb and Dumber '' or `` The Klumps '' . When my mom was a girl , she used to sit in Abbott and Costello movies , and while everyone around her was howling with laughter , she was biting her nails worrying about how they were going to get out of it this time . I 'm kinda the same , only I find myself sitting there watching a family snipe at each other , thinking , This is SO painful , how can ANYbody think this is FUNNY ? '' And yet , people do.So if you 're the kind of person who does find such things funny , you 'll love Darla and Alfalfa eating peanut butter and used cat litter sandwiches rigged up by Alfalfa 's `` He-man Woman-hating '' chums in their effort to foil his courtship of her . As for me , I was able to stand it for about 20 minutes before I just had to turn it off . Not even the `` deer in the headlights '' syndrome -- where it 's so horrible but you ca n't stop watching -- could make me finish the movie.In other words , it 's absolutely true to the spirit of the original -LRB- even uses some of the original 's routines -RRB- , right down to the state of squirming in my seat in which I always found myself on watching the original.For the kind of people who like this kind of stuff , this is the kind of stuff they 'll like ... de gustibus and like that .
 Any resemblance between these kids and the originals is purely physical , and this bunch proves it at every turn . Chosen for looks rather than talent , these amazingly untalented children woodenly plod their way through the old routines , divesting them of any humor whatsoever . The script seems to consist of unconvincing , hackneyed versions of familiar routines interspersed with idiotic -LRB- and often inappropriate -RRB- `` new '' dialogue , and with a few uninteresting cameos thrown in along the way . Presiding over this mess is the amazingly untalented `` director '' Penelope Spheeris , who with each film glaringly reaffirms that she has neither directorial skills nor any understanding of comic technique.With a cast of non-actors , a lousy script , and a non-director at the helm , this is a real bomb . Yes , folks , despite the presence of screen legends Travis Tedford and Bug Hall -LRB- under the direction of Penelope `` Queen of Comedy '' Spheeris -RRB- , this one just does n't succeed at all . Considering that the original films are still available , there was no reason to make this horrid film at all . Very small children may enjoy this , but discerning viewers will find it to be a waste of time .
 why ca n't i find the complete series on amazon but i can on ebay ? you would think that amazon would carry it or have info on it if it will come out in the future , but i ca n't even find info in any stores that could place an order
 After hearing about the `` continuation '' of the Beast Wars series , I was overwhelmed with joy . But after viewing this waste of time and effort , I am sad to report that all that was once sacred with the original Beast Wars has been turned to slag . `` Transformation ? '' What the eff ? No guns ? Energy blasts from Optimus 's uni-nipple and plant/tree things ? I have vomited more interesting things than this durge . After it was revelaed that the true intention of Cybertron was to harvest organic life , I took an organic dump . My dump kind of resembled the plotline from Beast Machines and/or Joanie loves Chachi ... lumpy and full of gelatinous nuts . What sort of demographic were the writers aiming for ? Tree-hugging transforming hippies who want nothing more than to `` become ? '' There are several other bad things about this show that I ca n't even recall . I had more fun getting bridgework done . I 'm not talking about the Space Bridge Gen 1 fans . Hardy har har . If only the virus that killed most of the Cybertronians in Beast Machines could have leaked into the writer 's room , we could have all been saved . I blame the Fox Kids network and their religious propaganda for promoting such crap . If I could have rated this stink nugget in the negatives , I would have . I ca n't even get a zero on this thing . It should be a negative billion cajillion . I push that everyone find this review helpful.On a side note , I do like the soundtrack .
 Freddy is back to kill teens again . But this time he uses the dreams of an unborn baby . Freddy has definately become more comedy then horror , but that still does n't let it down too much . A couple of grusome deaths and fight-to-the-death scenes save it from being as bad as part 4 . A bit more technical than most of the sequels .
 this one is just too gorey , it 's stupid.the worst acting that i have ever seen.the only thing good was that it was a little funny cause freddy always makes some funny jokes .
 This is not the greatest Elm Street movie lets face it . Really its the worst out of the series . I don ; t really get what the baby has to do with Freddy he wants Alice not her kid . But if your a die hard fan see this movie .
 Freddy brings Amamda Krueger back to life so he can be reborn . The he starts killing teens by using the dreams of an unborn baby to kill teens . Quite a chessy plot and a couple of grusome deaths actaully make this sequel worth watching . Still not that good , but enjoyable enough .
 this movie is deffinately weak , not bad but weak . everyone is going through all the deaths with just some good scenes with freddy and LISA
 Special effects are once again the main attraction of this film . And it 's true that there are some great Freddy Krueger sequences and imaginative setes -LRB- although the final showdown has echoes of Labarynth with its anti-gravity staircases -RRB- . But really this is no more than ` another Freddy film ' . Its dark and sinister atmosphere mean it 's better than the dreadful Part 4 , and the idea of an unborn baby 's dreams being invaded is a novel twist , but things are generally rather aimless . The heroine does n't stand out from the thousands of others in films of this type . She certainly lost a lot of my sympathy when she started stamping on those tarantulas . I 'd like to think that no real spiders were harmed during the making of this film . To sum up , if you 're a special effects fan then go and see this . Just do n't expect any multi-layered , complex storyline .
 My gosh ! I rent a movie that is UNCENSORD and rated NC-17 and I expect MORE ! This movie was a tottal let down and a waste of my money ! I expected so much more ! So all you people willing to waste a little more than a dozen greens on this cruddy movie DONT !
 Stephen Hopkins -LRB- Lost in Space , Predator 2 -RRB- helmed this fifth entry into the Nightmare on Elm Street series where we find Alice -LRB- Lisa Wilcox -RRB- , the survivor from the previous Dream Master , pregnant with Freddy once again on the prowl . It is here where the series begins to try to dish up more details on Freddy 's past to add to the story ; but hardly anything can save this dismal installment . Freddy 's one liners are stupid and are n't funny one bit , the acting is simply horrid -LRB- Robert Englund just looks more bored in his role than ever before -RRB- , and the film as a whole is n't scary one bit . The few saving graces of The Dream Child are Hopkins ' stylish direction and some nice kills and gore effects , but for the most part this entry is just plain dull .
 SIGH ... I really wanted to like this one . With the 5th installment of Nightmare we get a very dark abstract , gritty version of the familiar tale . Freddy is taken back to his roots so to speak getting rid of the comedy of the 4th film , -LRB- which is my favorite -RRB- and replacing it with dark original horror movie feel . Freddy also gets a new face from the original makeup artist . This all sounds great right ? NO !!! Its awful.I was really disappointed . If you 're going to take the humor out of Freddy , then it has to be really scary , and this movie just does n't deliver the goods . With no suspenseful scenes , and no one-liners to make up for it , this movie is just plain boring . -LRB- Although there are a few one-liners , they 're really awful and Englund looks bored just saying them . -RRB- Although the plot links in beautifully with the fourth film , this one ends up being pretty pointless as you 'll find yourself saying , `` Yeah , okay , '' by the end . There are no good deaths scenes in this film , which is a true sin for Nightmare films , and the plot is just recycled from the fourth film with the baby plot thrown in for good measure . And man , is that little boy annoying.To get a sense of why this movie failed its a good idea to watch the interview with the director . He does n't seem to be all that interested in the film himself , as he continually criticizes horror movies and even goes as far as criticizing parts of the series itself . Can we say `` I did it for the paycheck ? '' It shows.I 've always been bitter that this one could have really opened the door to a different kind of Nightmare movie . With Freddy 's ability to takeover Alice while she 's awake means he could have taken on all the children of the town on a grader more elaborate level which definitely would have made it scarier . Instead we get a low body count , cheesy death scenes , and random plot twists about his mom . Avoid !
 A Nightmare on Elm Street 5 reeks of a bad script . Do n't even bother with this film . I feel that Part 4 and 5 really should not have been added to the series but Part 5 is the worst of the two and without question the worst of the sequels .
 I like that It comes right off of 4 , but where the hell did those three nobodies in this movie come from ? and didnt make much sense but it 's O.K.
 Simply `` As The World Turns '' meets `` Fright Night 2 '' . This shlock-fest about teen pregancy , rape , and a little bit of Freddy finds its way hurtling at you in like an ` F ' on your Geometry Test.Alice -LRB- Lisa Wilcox -RRB- returns as a high-school senior who wakes up pregnant . She is whisked away to a strange gothic dream world that is oddly reminescent of the 1986 film `` Labryinth '' . I did n't know blind people could produce tears . Soon , Alice 's baby daddy , Dan , dies in a horrible accident and she can only rely on her dim witted best friends Gretta , Mark , and Yvonne.While something new , but not pretty to look at , the CGI is here and is going to be here to stay.The primitive CGI effects are more than an eyesore , they are unneeded . I 'm not even going to get into the pro-life vs. pro-choice garbage that plagues this movie . All I know is Alice was n't all that good of an upcoming mother anyway with all her cigarette smoking and her screaming and her wanna-be Jet Li combo moves on Freddy Kruger . And speaking of Mr. Kruger , he is hardly even in the movie . I mean , not like when we do see him he is usually spouting howingly bad one-liners and made some chick eat hereself to death . I know it sounds corny and believe me , it looks cornier than it sounds . Yvonne , the swim chick , is probably the most annoying character in the whole `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' series , save for that gay boy on part 2 . And Yvonne be all up in Alice 's face with her head bobbin ' , finger snappin ' stuff . I seriously thought she would kill Freddy with a infrared laser-beamed attidtude blast . And she was very fortunate because Freddy could n't puncture her force field of assholishness.And all the pop culture refrences in this film feel dated at best . Alice ends up getting help from Sister Kreuger which ultimitaly leads to Freddy 's rushed and unimaginintive demise.Alice or should I say Lisa Wilcox ca n't act . Her Sissy Spacek lookin self thinks she owns the world with her leaden acting and wierd facial expressions when she talks . She is too pretty to be making them ugly faces . When she talks her whole face moves with her mouth . And she seriously thinks she 's too cute for words . Then she was sitting there watching a show about a lost dog . Even though she gives the best acting performance in the movie , her acting is wooden and stiff and is nothing like her performance in Nightmare 4 . All the rest of the actors are extremly horrible I mean God forbid them actually putting people through screen tests and Freddy Krueger is not himself . He is annoying and hardly kills anybody . This movie reminds me of on Her Majesty 's Secret Service with all the talkings.This movie is not scary , nor is it fascinating . It 's simply a company trying to make a few extra more bucks on the public 's willingness to go see these movies . They should have really stopped after part three . It 's all trying to be all dark and brooding and the ending will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth . All the information that the movie gives you about Freddy is like `` Who cares ? '' and `` Yawn '' . It makes no sense and actually destroys what little mystque Freddy had about him at that point . I mean `` The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air '' or `` Roseanne '' or `` Full House '' is probably scarier than this movie , and that 's the damn truth . This movie drags on so much and it really gets annoying when her son wo n't STOP RUNNING UP AND DOWN THE STAIRS ! Holy crap ! It gets annoying after ten seconds . Then he wo n't STOP RUNNING UP AND DOWN THE HALLWAY ! I would think that instead of using Lisa Wilcox for a second time , they should have used Jane Seymour or Markie Post as the lead actress.Even when her baby is all deformed on the ultrasound and has horny protusions from it 's head , Alice is still all like I wan na have this baby . To be a military brat , she is extremly naive about the real world . She is certainly pessimistic and annoying . All she dd was cry , whine , smoke , and whine somemore.And to think that Lisa Wilcox 's recent movie was The New Adventures of Chasity Blade and that alone proves that she is n't doin much nowadays . Yvonne needed to have been killed off in the first five seconds of the movie.Avoid this overlong , overwrought update to `` Rosemary 's Baby '' it is certainly not worth your time . This movie never was good never had been or never will be . I gave this movie one star and that 's being generous .
 This is the worset of them all . There is ver little fight back and action . The victins deaths are corney and stupid . There are some cheezy lines like don ; t sleep and drive . The part that makes fun of superman at the end was very cheesy.The only thing that keeps this movie from being a one is Freddy ; s whitty lines , the return of Alice from the fourth one . The return of Amada Kruker freedys mother Last seen in Nigmare on Elm Street three Dream Warriors . My Recomendations see 1-4 four and Freddys dead and Freedy versus Jason . Do not see Nightmare five unlesh your bord senlesss.I just hope Freedy dead and new nightmare are better . I am plannig on by 4 and Freddy Versus Jason .
 Nightmare on Elm Street , A
 I just have one word for this movie but I ca n't say it on the computer . This movie is the worst in the series because who ever wrote Freddy 's lines has got Horror mixed up with really bad Comedy . A few cool effects is why i gave it one star because if it did n't it who be called `` The Never Scares you if you were 2 years old movie . ''
 i only watched this movie to say that i had seen all the sequels , and now i wish that i had n't . the only good actors were the African-american friend of alice and the man who played freddi .
 The personnel responsible for making this wretch of a film should be ashamed . Way to sell out .
 The fifth installment of a Nightmare on Elm Street brings us a novel commentary on the 80 's drive towards fetal personhood.Freddy uses the `` dreams '' of a fetus to wreak havoc on the same old town and group of jaded but gullible teens . Although the credibility of this claim is debatable , it was eerily similar to the pretenses made by anti-abortion activists after having failed to point fingers at the pregnant woman herself . The `` fetal-rights '' premise held that the fetus was a person with the full capabilities of a born person and was a separate entity that should enjoy full status over the woman even if her rights and needs conflicted.Although I personally like horror movies , the appropriation of anti-choice rationale as a `` good plot '' is nauseating . While there were real women whose health was being shortchanged as a result of the initial success of fetal rights , Wes Craven decided to omit all of that and ignore the real nightmarish consequences that followed.In what reads like an anti-choice message , the fetus can supposedly dream and is shown several times as a living active entity with powers greater than the mother carrying it . No dissenting opinion is ever offered , and despite the legalization of abortion , the option -LRB- which presumably would stop the dreams -RRB- is never broached as an option . The unexpected and poorly explained pregnancy -LRB- literally it seems as if Alice wakes up pregnant -RRB- is unquestionably treated as a woman 's burden without actually ever discovering Alice 's personal feelings.Ironically , in keeping with this theme , we never see her making prenatal care appointments and she is a hollywood stock `` middle class nice girl '' who has pretty clothes and comes from `` a good home '' . The risks of carrying a pregnancy to term , especially when under severe emotional and physical stress are never revealed , and the ultrasound pretends that the fetus has a heartbeat soon after conception , as well as resembles a baby human . Medical implausability is ignored in favor of simplifying an underlying real-life social question.While none of the series can honestly be considered feminist -LRB- Freddy enjoys torturing women -RRB- this is by far the most disgusting movie because of the political messages attached in it . Even if the case can be made that teen pregnancy is nightmarish-and hence not a paean to anti-choicers , this is not satisfactory in my book .
 The second to worst film in the series . Not that good . Kind of boring with hardly any death scenes or comedy . Starring
 Directed on autopilot , this is one of the more boring entries in the Nightmare on Elm Street series . Freddy is invading the dreams of the unborn child of Lisa Wilcox . It maybe sounds interesting but it is n't . That 's cause the thin script has enough in it to make a shortfilm but not a feature . There is no story , just a lot of special effects . But the special effects are good so I give this 2 stars .
 This version of Nightmare on Elm Street is so terrible.Where 's the special features at either on this new Vhs or Dvd there 's no deleted scenes like the uncut vhs version.Dan 's motorcycle scene was more graphic his face was ripped off and a needle stabs his abck , and Greta 's death was longer Freddy cuts her stomach and feeds her own livers.There should be a new Vhs or Dvd version of the uncut version .
 This movie should never have been made and part 6 should of been part 5 . The movie had some great effects and moments , but the story made no sense and the acting was poor.I have said my peace .
 Alice , from `` A Nightmare on Elm Street 4
 HERE 'S THE PLOT ; A GIRL GETS PREGNANT , AND FREDDY 'S STALKING HER IN HER DREAMS . THIS IS EVEN WORSE THAN # 2 . THIS ONE WAS MADE JUST TO CASH IN ON THE SUCCESS OF THE LAST 4 . I REALLY THINK THIS ONE SHOULD 'VE HAD THE PLOT IT HAS . THERE IS SOME OK SPECIAL EFFECTS , BUT OTHER THAN THAT , THE MOVIE 'S COMPLETE GARBAGE . HORROR FANS , DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO N'T RENT OR BUY THIS IF YOU ALREADY HAVE N'T DONE IT , WAIT FOR IT TO COME ON TV SOMETIME IF YA WANT TO SEE IT WITHOUT WASTING YA MONEY .
 This is tied with `` Freddy 's Revenge '' as the worst sequel . Nothing made sense , it followed `` The Dream Master '' in that Alice appeared in this , she and Dan were together and she becomes pregnant shortly before high school graduation , but does n't find out until Dan is killed in an accident , but that 's about it.There are n't enough words to describe how awful this was . The story behind Freddy was explained but it did n't matter anyway because he was brought back.This is n't Freddy at his best .
 Freddy -LSB- Robert Englund -RSB- returns to haunt alice -LSB- Lisa Wilcox -RSB- and her friends once more . But this time , Alice is pregnant with a boy and Freddy is using her unborn son to haunt her . As this is all going on , Freddy continues his rampage on those around her and it 's again up to Alice to find a way to stop Freddy . This is one of the worst movies in the series -LSB- Behind only Nightmare 2 -RSB- , Mainly because of the weak storyline . There is , However , A rather insightful subplot which involves Freddy 's mother , Amanda Krueger . The film 's gothic tone could 've been very beneficial to this film -LSB- If it only went with a better story ! -RSB- . The acting is bad and the movie seems as if it has no genuine thrills to offer and therefore , It runs out of steam very quickly . If you want a good Freddy movie , Look elsewhere ! Followed by Freddy 's Dead
 This is one of the worst ever.Alice and Dan made love and they will have a baby big whoop!But then Freddy returns and is haunting the bby 's dreams.Freddy wants to turn the baby into him.this is terrible.Skip this movie !
 A Nightmare On Elm Street famously introduced horror icon Freddy Krueger in 1984 and cemented its place in cinematic history . Then throughout the 1980 's and early 1990 's sequels kept coming along and cashed on the success of the original . Some will say the original is the only one worth watching , certain sequels were n't bad -LRB- Dream Warriors , Dream Child , Wes Craven 's New Nightmare -RRB- and some were rather horrid -LRB- Freddy 's Revenge comes to mind -RRB- and to me Dream Child falls into that category . With Dream Child things suddenly get a little too funny and I just thought the whole `` Freddy 's baby '' storyline was just too much , over-the top and could n't be taken seriously , even for a horror film . Freddy having a child with one of his victims is a horrible idea and did n't work very well.Dream Child continues the story of the heroine from the last movie , Alice , who becomes pregnant with Freddy 's baby as over the top as that plot seems . I 'm not even going to attempt to explain how that happens . Dream Child tries to add to the origins of Freddy Krueger and even then , does n't succeed too well . In fact very little of it works because most of this we already knew from Part 3
 A Nightmare on Elm Street 5
 Alice has been living safely with her `` nightmares '' behind her . She 's got a boyfriend , graduated from high school , her dad is recovering from being an alcohol addict , and an unplanned baby on the way . And Alice is going to do everything to protect and keep the baby . But that 's going to be harder than it seems , because Freddy has been hiding inside of Alice , and is now using her unborn child 's dreams to get more souls . Alice must prepare for another battle with Freddy , and must do all she can to protect her baby . In A Nightmare on Elm Street 5
 Un entertaining and just disgusting fifth is really hard to watch and even harder to enjoy . The main character from IV is having the same nightmares as past down to her by all the other lead characters in the series and drags her poor friends along for the ride with her unborn baby in the driver 's seat . Yuck . Fun if you 're already dead .
 Nightmare on Elm Street 5 in my opinion is by far the worst in the series . In this installment Alice -LRB- from Nightmare 4 -RRB- is back and is now pregnant . But now Freddy is now trying to come resseurect himself through her child.Now that you know the basic plot let 's get to why this movie is so horrible . First and foremost the acting is terrible , now normally this would n't bother me too much but even Robert Englund fails to entertain . Freddy is n't even clever anymore . That and the killings are worse than usual too . Most of them just became too over the top and stupid . Stay away from the installment at any cost .
 This 5TH time around , -LRB- Yes fifth -RRB- , Freddy is at the same thing he 's been at for the last 4 films . To NOES fans
 I ca n't say that I hate A Nightmare on Elm Street V
 Alice -LSB- Lisa Wilcox -RSB- finds out that she 's pregnant but things are complicated when Freddy -LSB- Robert Englund -RSB- targets her unborn child and as Freddy continues his killing spree by systematically killing off everyone in Alice 's life , Alice must find a way to save her child from Freddy . Although the setting is somewhat dark for this film , Freddy is sillier here than in any of the previous installments ! Definitely not a good example of a Nightmare movie as the story has gotten weak and the acting is n't too good here -LSB- except for Lisa and Robert -RSB- . Despite the fact that Robert Englund is still appealing as Freddy -LSB- even when he 's been toned down and reduced to a comedy figure who almost spends more time cracking jokes than killing -RSB- , Robert is unable to save this sequel from being boring and forgettable . Also , even the murder scenes have gotten corny -LSB- check out the cheesy scene where one of the characters becomes a comic book character in an attempt to fend off Freddy in his dream !! -RSB- Unless you 're somebody who loves all things Freddy you can skip this and the sixth movie . Followed by Freddy 's Dead
 If 1988 was Freddy at his peak , 1989 was the beginning of the end for Freddy . With 1989 saw the release of `` The Dream Child '' , the fifth installment of the Freddy franchise . Audiences were not impressed . The film grossed a little under half of what its immediate predecessor earned -LRB- $ 22 million vs. $ 49 million -RRB- . Audiences seemed to have their fill of Freddy . Was `` The Dream Child '' just an underrated classic released at the wrong time or did this film deserve to be gutted at the box office?Well , let 's start at the beginning . The film starts with Alice , having survived the previous installment of the Nightmare series , finding the deadly dreams of Freddy Krueger returning once again . This time , the finger-knifed murderer is striking through the sleeping mind of Alice 's unborn child . His intention is to be `` born again '' into the real world . The only one who can stop Freddy is his dead mother , but can Alice free her spirit in time to save her own son?The biggest problem with `` Nightmare on Elm Street 5
 part 5 . Freddy attempts to create an evil baby out of the souls of his victims . Lisa Wilcox does a good job in her role , as does of course Robert Englund . But the kill scenes seem a little contrived and implausible and too tongue-in-cheek comedic.The `` evil baby '' idea seems far-fetched , and does n't provide any chills . I could n't really find Freddy 's motivation for wanting to do this . * pass on this *
 If ever there was a rallying cry for abortion this film should be it . Survivor from Freddy 's last bloodbath Alice -LRB- Lisa Wilcox -RRB- is the recipient of his demon seed . Freddy thus gains control over the fetus ' dreams and ergo control over Alice . But instead of taking the logical way out Alice insists on keeping the baby -LRB- `` Grab your crucifix '' -RRB- and in the process provides the fuel the story needs to power through another useless sequel . At one point one character , Mark , even thinks and then recommends that she terminate the pregnancy which she rejects outright . Mark just rolls over , like he was the father to be or something , and says `` OK we 'll just find another way . '' What a lark ! What follows is a battle for the heart and mind of the not yet born Jacob . Just think of it as a `` Rosemary 's Baby '' for a younger , simpler generation.The main problem this franchise faced at this point was that they felt every kill had to somehow be more awesome than the last . Early on there is a head-scratcher of a scene where Dan is turned into an actual Ghost Rider . And since they are tied to this idea that every kill has to supersede the previous one you begin to realize that this exercise in extreme silliness is only working against the films . They have become so far removed from reality that you can no longer take them seriously . I would argue that good ol' Freddy jumped the shark a few films back , but as I watched this one I just had this image of his jumping sharks , one after another , in hopes that he could possibly destroy the legacy of even the first film . That said this one is a minor step up from `` Nightmare on Elm Street 4 . '' Here they dig into Freddy 's very past past and find out that he was the product of a rape that occurred at an insane asylum . Since Freddy has been messing with Alice 's baby she enlists the help of his mother in hopes of reigning in the deranged serial killer . The whole thing has a very Jerry Springer-ish smell to it . Since `` Nightmare on Elm Street 3 '' the formula has been about the same and they follow it here as well . Hero has friends who do n't believe in Freddy . Said friends have token hobby -LRB- here diving and comic books -RRB- . Freddy kills all of hero 's friends using their hobby against them . Hero beats up Freddy . The parents have n't gotten any smarter with time , but here their role is less pivotal . In this one there is a scene where the first thing out of Alice 's father 's mouth after her boyfriend has died is him blaming her boyfriend for his own death . Classy . The focus has shifted away from the idiocy of the parents and more on creating a nonsensical world for Freddy to frolic in . The only rule in this game is that Freddy is all powerful . My friend , who insisted that I watch the entire series , claims this one to be his favorite . I blame it on the fact that he is a comic book geek and thus represented here ... although I 'm sure he would deny that connection . To me this is the second weakest with the original remaining the only one I can actually recommend . Freddy was running in circles and sucking wind by this point . At least Jason had the good sense to eventually move his freak show into space . ** 1/2
 I am reviewing the entire Nightmare on Elm Street series , but not this DVD release . I own the box set and I wanted to do individual reviews for each film.This entry is just more of the same , but it has some fun moments and Freddy is a big a `` wiseguy '' as ever . The series has drifted away from the class of the original , but as part of a Halloween marathon , this one 's not too bad . The DVD transfer looks good on this edition .
 this , like the entire nightmare on elm street is another dull , silly and boring excuse for a movie . No one should expect anything but boredom from this .
 After the previous 2 being such huge hits and The Dream Master being the highest grossing installment of the series -LRB- excluding Freddy Vs Jason -RRB- , The Dream Child took a nosedive in the box office numbers ; The Dream Child is n't the flop it 's made out to be on a 6-million dollar budget the total gross was 19-million , but seeing as the previous part clocked in at 45-million , The Dream Child is seen as a failure . These franchises were running out of steam . 1989 saw all 3 major franchises have their lowest box office numbers as of that year.After becoming a homicidal bugs bunny , A Nightmare on Elm Street 5
 Unfortunately , like all extended sequels sooner or later , the horror movie series of `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' became a total joke by the time the fifth movie was introduced . I think that the critical viewer will notice a sad and unfortunate progression of cheesey comedy associated with Freddy that slowly but surely made its way into the series by the time part 4 came around ... part 5 is just as bad and in fact , I would argue that the extreme scenes involving the breadth of Freddy 's so called powers become quite ridiculous . It 's one thing to have a little bit of extreme and radically wild Freddy scenes , but it 's another to show this kind of thing exclusively ... the result is a diminishing prowess of one of the greatest horror villains of all-time ... what a shame . In other words , the orignal `` NOES '' showed a horrifying and formidable Freddy of great prowess as a horror movie villain , but this movie portrays Freddy more as a joke than anything else . Basically , Kristen kicks Freddy 's ass in this movie ! Do n't buy this trash ... stick with parts 1-3 , the best of the series .
 I realize that it was used and very inexpensive but the dvd gets stock towards the end of the movie and the scene selection part does not work . I did not send it back because I only paid something like $ 15.00 .
 `` Chinatown '' represents an updating of the great noir films of the past such as `` Double Indemnity '' and especially of `` Maltese Falcon '' which happens to be together with `` Sunset Boulevard '' my favourite representatives of the genre although `` Chinatown '' more closely resembles the `` Maltese Falcon '' . Nicholson parallels Bogart here and Dunaway does Astor and ironically John Huston , the director of the `` Maltese Falcon '' has an acting role here . `` Chinatown '' does a great job in bringing the noir genre into the colour-age and does so very well by incorporating the best of the old black and white films into the more modern film making elements of the time . This film has gone on to influence even more modern films like `` The Black Dahlia '' and `` L.A. Confidential '' and its theme of corrupt police and their evil rich backers who get away with anything with an excellent plot and great acting by Dunaway , Huston and Nicholson make this a great film to watch.The only problem is with the very poor picture quality which really should have been restored although they did a pretty good job with the sound quality which has been a Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround option . The picture quality have a number of imperfections such as white spots and barely reaches VHS quality . As Roman Polanski is still alive the last I checked , they really should try and do a Director 's Cut version with restored and remastered picture and sound quality before it 's too late.I 'd recommend giving this dvd version of the movie a miss at least until they come up with a much better restored version preferably together with a Director 's Cut either on standard or Blu-ray formats .
 This is a wonderful film , a man who dreams invade toiset.Elokuva President , who is the animation , I did not mention the `` ripoff I 've given four stars and not five , I give more , when it is not completely broken , and Pidgin English / Basque da.Ona check I , but not if you do not need it , all the losers losers losers losers losers are is a good film , it causes very bad , I think your a fool !
 I do n't get why Chinatown is such a well respected movie . It is slooooow . Jack Nicholson plays Jack Nicholson . Every scene is long and drawn out often with no dialogue to keep it interesting . Half an hour could have been shaved off this with no real loss . I mean do we really have to watch him climbing over a chainlink fence for 5 minutes . No ! But the biggest beef I have is with the direction . The filming of the ending scene which everyone always says is so great is all jumbly and amateur looking.I never really got to form an attachment to any of the main characters , they seemed more like modern actors self-consciously trying to embody certain film noir types.If you really want film noir go to the true source -- forties and fifties films like Panic in the Streets , the Asphalt Jungle , An Ace in the Hole or Laura.The only true heir to the film noir mantle in modern cinema is `` The Usual Suspects . '' -LRB- Damn I wish Bryan Singer would make another movie like that one , but I digress -RRB-
 After hearing about how great this movie was , I finally purchased it for my wife . This has got to be the most over-rated movie of all times . A totally perdictable story-line , and a complete waste of the talents of Faye Dunaway . And to add insult to injury , the ending was horribly depressing . What can I say about Jack ! Well , he was just the same old Jack as always . I 'm not that hard to please , but I hated this movie .
 Good acting all right , but a horribly implausible ending . One of the most overrated movies I 've ever seen . Do n't see this movie unless you like being depressed .
 While most critics laud CHINATOWN as the best film in Polanski 's career , I find it probably his worst . Polanski once claimed that this film was inspired by Howard Hawks ' 1945 classic , THE BIG SLEEP , but he obviously has made a serious mistake in his job of imitation . In THE BIG SLEEP , the detective Humphrey Bogart is a friend of Lauren Bacall 's father , and this is how he gets himself involved . Bacall 's father trusts Bogart ! But in CHINATOWN , Polanski seems to have completely forgotten the importance of such human relationship . In the first place , the setting is all wrong . Jack Nicholson is a nobody ; Faye Dunaway is a woman with a very complicated background ; John Huston is her monstrous father . Such relationship makes Dunaway 's approach to Nicholson totally unconvincing . ... Huston is a beast who has designed the most complicated and clever plot . Witty it may seem , but is it really ? ... . The ending simply contradicts everything previously told in the film . In other words , this film is a mistake from the beginning to the end , and to award this film an Oscar for the best screenplay was the greatest mistake on earth ! Was the Academy blind or something !
 When I was reading one of the reviews for ` The Usual Suspects ' , there was a mention of ` Chinatown ' and how it was such a great movie . That made me rent this movie and honestly , there have been very few other movies that have been so disappointing!It is laughable that this is being compared to ` The Usual Suspects ' -LRB- which is at least million times better ! -RRB- . This is a pathetic movie , the ending tries to surprise you and it does , because it is so stupid!Jack Nicholson does a good job , but even his acting can not hide the fact that this movie stinks . Some comments say that this one is the best Film Noir till date , and I have one word for such reviews
 I got the dvd reasonably quick , but the case came in pieces . The seller just sent the dvd in an envelope with no protective bubble wrap or anything . I 'm glad it was just the case and not the dvd . Its very disheartening when you pick up a package you have been looking forward to and hear pieces rattling around .
 hi see this 2009 edition for chinatown , I see the reviews and are reviews from other editions ... so bad !!! I want see separate reviews for every product !!! please DONT MIX THE REVIEWS !!!!!!!!!!
 Cut out the dead spots and condense it down to 45 minutes . As it is , it drags on and on . Jack tries to be Bogart , but Jack is no Bogart . It IS a dull and boring movie . Save your money and buy the Pianist if you want a Polanski movie .
 I have to be in the minority and say this movie just did n't really hold my attention . The pace was excruciatingly slow . Jack Nicholson , perhaps because I have seen him in so many other movies , seem to be acting ... like Jack Nicholson . The plotline , as mentioned by other posters , switches mid-stream from Water and Power , to the daughter-father dynamic . I enjoy hard-boiled characters , but this film just felt flat . All around . The cinematography was great though , but , like another critique said , it gave the film the uncertain time-period feel .
 Great movie , lousy depiction . Too many deep reds , too much color infused in the film , far from the original ... The interior scenes are too dark . This is frankly a travesty . Do n't buy it . The same goes for the most recent non Blu Ray DVD release , same problems ... Shameful ...
 `` Chinatown '' was recently included on the AFI 's Top 10 Mysteries list , and as it was the only film on the list that I had n't seen , and I liked 8 of the 9 films that I had seen -LRB- sorry , I just did n't like `` The Third Man '' -RRB- , I thought it would be worth giving it a try . I am now glad that I have seen this film , considering it is so highly regarded , but to say that this is the second greatest mystery movie of all time , and a better movie than `` Rear Window '' , `` Laura '' and `` Blue Velvet '' -LRB- three of my favourite movies -RRB- , is giving it far more credit than it deserves . `` Chinatown '' starts off as your standard private detective film . Private investigator Jake Gittens -LRB- Jack Nicholson -RRB- is hired by a woman , claiming to be Evelyn Mulwray , to find out if her husband is cheating on her . What seems to be routine divorce work becomes more complicated when the real Mrs. Mulwray -LRB- Faye Dunaway -RRB- shows up and her husband is found murdered . Gittens investigates and discovers an illegal money-making plot -LRB- which I wo n't give the details of , in order to avoid spoilers -RRB- and then something far more sinister.Although both Nicholson and Dunaway are excellent actors -LRB- although , I believe that both have made better films -RRB- , this film is let down by what I consider to be a second-rate script -LRB- an opinion which I will , no doubt , be criticized for , since it won Best Screenplay -RRB- . Here is why I do not like this script
 Chinatown is one of the absolute best films of the 1970s , a neo-noir that is as dark and thrilling as they get . But according to the description , this edition is being released in the aspect ratio of 1.85:1 . It was released in Panavision , which has a ratio of 2.40:1 . This means that the sides of the image will be cropped out of the picture on both sides , reducing the image by about 25 % . Sort of an anti-restoration . I would n't recommend buying this edition until the aspect ratio is restored to its original size .
 I hated this movie . It was boreing ... Though it had a good twist . The incest in this movie was too much for me .
 I 'm in the process of watching all of the movies on AFI 's Top 100 list . This is one I had n't seen yet and so far it is my least favorite . I just do n't get it at all . Why this is on the list is beyond me . The movie was choppy , the acting was hokey , and the plot was weak .
 But ... sorry . After 3 seperate viewings , I tried to find some redeeming qualities about this movie . . but alas , none I could find.For film noir , I think D.O.A. , either original or remake , does a much better job of showing desperate people doing desperate things . This movie plods along with a very contrived plot and almost completely flat acting by two greats ... Faye Dunaway and Jack Nicholson . I think that may be deliberate , but does n't do much here.Sorry for those who rave about it , but I really tried .
 A mostly entertaining movie , but nothing to get too excited about . Other films do it far better , without the colossal pretensions that this one has . The idea is to subvert all of the classic noir conventions . Fine . Unfortunately , having subverted them , the filmmakers have nowhere to go , except right where any ordinary noir film would go . So it up-ends everything , but to no real purpose . Nice costumes , nice cinematography . Mood mood mood oozing out of every frame . For a real slice of classic Hollywood Noir , get The Maltese Falcon , or Murder My Sweet .
 I ordered the original movie , Chinatown as pictured on the right but received the wrong version -LRB- Chinatown , Special Collector 's Edition -RRB- . I did n't realize this until after I opened it when my wife brought it to my attention . The Special Collector 's Edition is the one with some bad reviews in reference to the scenes being to dark ! They are correct , way to dark.I do NOT recommend the `` Special Collector 's Edition ''
 This is one of the most overrated movies ever made . Do n't get me wrong , it is a perfectly good movie , in its pedestrian way . It is just nothing to go crazy over . I do appreciate the way it turns many of the classic elements of film noir upside down . The down at his heels detective with a strong moral code is transformed into JJ Gittes , who runs a successful detective agency and avoids any moral considerations connected with his work . The classic noir plot involving varied perverse characters generally killing each other off becomes a more generalized public threat to the very water that sustains life . Fine and good . Unfortunately , after having gone to all this effort to invert a classic genre , the filmmakers have nowhere to go and nothing in particular to say . We just get to watch the pretty costumes , watch the pretty cinematography , and wonder what Faye Dunaway sees in Jack Nicholson . To be fair , there is one great moment in the film , when John Huston as the ever-so-symbolically named Noah Cross -LRB- get it ? -RRB- tells Gittes that `` Most men never have to face the fact that under the right circumstances they 're capable of anything . '' The malign relish with which Huston delivers this line is worthy of Sidney Greenstreet 's chuckling malevolence in Huston 's own The Maltese Falcon -LRB- actually a far superior film -RRB- . Overall -- Okay , but there are much better noirs out there .
 I was pleased to find this and the pricing was good . It arrived in a timely matter . I was not that thrilled with the package of the DVD it 's self . Almost looked like it had been hand done . The plastic covering the case was not very tight and corners and along the side were torn . A bit disappointed because it is a gift !!!
 While Nicholson and Dunaway are fine perfomers , this movie was surprisingly disappointing . Most often , one 's impression of a movie is based on the ending , and this movie boasted an awful ending which tarnished the entire movie . It ends suddenly and unintelligently . The overall movie was mediocre , and dragged quite frequently . I would n't recommend this movie unless you are a fan of one of the individual actors or actresses in the movie .
 I 'd love to comment on the content of the film but it seems that neither of the Chinatown DVD 's I recieved from Amazon will play in my DVD player . Instead they start to spin up and just make a strange noise and are otherwise not recognized . Both discs I recieved were/are in flawless shape . I have something in the neighborhood of 200 DVDs and none have ever had this issue . My DVD player is not defective , is new and a recognized brand so there just must be something wrong with the way these DVD 's were made . They seem quite old from 1999 or so . I 've heard of other older discs having issues like this such as the first version of `` The Deer Hunter '' so perhaps it 's time this movie is rereleased so I can actually watch it . Hopefully amazon will recredit me as I 've sent both of the discs back . I wish I could have watched the movie though .
 theres no spark left . am i the only one who notices ?
 Watchable for the performances , but wildly overrated , as is nearly every Polanski film . `` LA Confidential '' probably could not exist if `` Chinatown '' had n't , but the truth is `` Confidentail '' is everything this film is n't . Now if we could have just time-morphed Nicholson and Dunaway into `` Confidential ... ''
 In the world of DVD I have had to endure poorly manufactured DVD 's before but this has to be the worst . Disappointing too , since I have been waiting for the great comedian Gallagher to show up on DVD . This product is a disaster . First off the packaging claims the audio format is 5.1 Dolby Stereo , it 's not . But the video is at the bottom of the scale for quality as well . Should have known better when there 's over 12 hours of programming on only 4 discs . Buyer beware stay away from this DVD . In fact better stay away from any DVD 's distributed by `` Anchor Bay Entertainment '' After talking to them they could care less that they shot a $ 30 hole in my wallet and refused to refund . Another Grade A business in America ???
 The Uninvited is a really bad film with perhaps the most poorly executed ending imaginable . It 's about a young woman who has a phobia where she 's afraid of wide open spaces . This means she 's forced to walk through her house starring closely at walls and everything else to avoid having to glance over at the larger areas of her home . Eventually however , this phobia magically disappears when her life is in danger . This is either because she realizes her life is more important than a phobia , or because of a major plot flaw . You decide . I mean , in the beginning she has to hide behind doors because she ca n't bare to look at peoples faces on the other side , but suddenly when things get chaotic , she stops having this problem . What ? We can only assume that the need for survival outweighs everything else.The storyline is `` my God this ca n't be possible '' and `` What WERE the writers thinking ? '' awful . The thing is , as a viewer , you 're never sure if the home the girl is staying in is actually haunted or whether this is all part of the girls phobia and hallucinations . To give one example , she gets these over the phone therapy sessions but on one occasion the walls start changing and get all weird . Are the ghosts responsible for this change or are the girls phobia issues coming into the picture again ? You 're constantly deciding - in the most melodramatic way possible - which one it is for the entire film . Since 7 people died in her home , you assume it 's ghosts haunting the place but ... this phobia means you 're never really sure.This brings me to my next problem - the storyline absolutely * crawls * . Whenever the girl encounters something that is wrong , get ready for mindless boredom because you 'll be sitting there unsatisfied at the lack of suspense as several minutes of nothingness that 's supposed to qualify as suspenseful build-up in storytelling occurs . Other than the walls becoming distorted , throughout the film the girl sees weird things such as the volume on her TV and stereo turning up by itself , an old woman coming out of the doorway , and a man strangling her outside . Are these things really happening ? Who knows . Who * cares * . There 's no reason to care when the suspense is n't there.But ... it gets worse . Hard to believe , is n't it ? Apparently the girls husband is involved in some kind of dirty business and has a baby in his possession unbeknownst to the girl , so at the end , for over 30 minutes we have to deal with the slow-moving storytelling of the baby 's mother appearing and threatening the girl for her baby back , along with the repercussions of the husband concerning the baby . May sound interesting reading it here on amazon but it 's drawn out , poorly executed , poorly acted and poorly written . Poor movie overall . I guess the moral is , if you believe your life is in danger , you can overcome any kind of phobia . I already knew that though .
 One of the worst films I 've ever seen . Endless . I fast-forwarded through the last 30 minuted . Unwatchable .
 All the songs have been edited out in this DVD edition . Amazon.com should have mentioned this in their description of the product . Shame on them for not doing so .
 Here we go again ! This begins as a paranoid thriller and ends up nothing but a tease . A man shaves off his moustache and no one notices . He ca n't convince them that he ever had one . Is is a plot by everyone in his life to drive him insane ? We never find out . The movie ends very abruptly without ever explaining what is happening . A complete waste of two hours . The mystery is never solved . My guess is that the writer was too incompetent to come up with an ending . Do n't waste your time !
 this movie is beautifully shot ... acting is off the charts ... and the mood is superb ... but in the end it just does n't make any sense.it 's a game of cat and mouse that never defines who is who ... to me it all ended up being just a silly game , and i felt like the one losing it.why make a movie that makes no sense?what a sublime waste !
 Marc , the main character decides one day to shave his mustache . To his surprise nobody , not even his wife seems to notice . When he confronts her about it she claims he never had a mustache . His first instinct is to assume that everybody is ganging up to play a joke on him , but soon he begins to doubt his own sanity.The premise of this movie is very original and intriguing . It would 've made a great Twilight Zone episode . Unfortunately the whole thing soon turns into a mess . The writing is sloppy . The interactions between the characters are confusing at best , bordering on the nonsensical . At worst the whole thing feels smug and pretentious . The few scenes where Marc and his wife bother to talk to each other like normal people are so loaded with psycho-babble that even Dr Phil would beg them to shut up.This would 've made a great short film . The first 15 minutes were OK but as the movie went on I just wished it was over . The ending is as unsatisfying as it gets . I was left with the impression that writer and director Emmanuel Carr&egrave;re was trying to demonstrate how much smarter than the rest of us he is . All right , I get it , but did it have to take that long ?
 An enigmatic and mysterious film of indeterminable length that seems to lack coherence and continuity . Things happen , but no one knows why . Maybe it 's meant to be Hitchcockian , but , if so , it fails miserably . Even now , I 'm not quite sure what I saw . Of if I even care .
 Unique beauty Emmanuelle Devos led me here -LRB- seeRead My Lipsto understand why -RRB- , but ` La Moustache ' is a hard movie to like despite another winning performance by this beguiling actress . While suspenseful , the movie is ultimately infuriating because like another recent French release , Cache -LRB- Hidden -RRB- , not only is the viewer unable to figure it out , turns out the actors are unclear on the concept as well . Indeed , in the `` Making Of '' featurette included on the DVD , Ms. Devos literally shrugs her shoulders and admits to giving up on figuring out the movie and simply focusing on her role . Moreover , director Emmanuel Carr&egrave;re and writer J&eacute;rme Beaujour tell featurette viewers that they reviewed the first cut of the film and realized that they needed to chop out the explanatory scene -LRB- hopefully the one that lets on whether it 's the wife or the husband that 's gone off the deep end -RRB- . Maddening .
 This film is like two films in one . The first half of the movie -LRB- in France -RRB- is wonderfully taut and suspenseful . We wonder about the motives of the characters . The second half -LRB- in Macau -RRB- is filmed like an amateurish indy film . The ending is a frustrating exercise in disappointment and need to be explained away only by watching the interview with the director -LRB- on the DVD -RRB- . I borrowed the book to compare the endings and think the book ties up the loose ends better . All in all a rather frustrating and meaningless movie after the suspense in the beginning .
 Freaks , released in February 1932 , was and is a title that says as much about itself as it does about its ' subject matter.It was a curiosity then and remains so to this day.Judged on its ' merits as a film , and all that that implies , it comes up far short of its ` intended goals.Browning had previously worked with Lon Chaney who was THE master of grotesquery in his characterizations.He also had directed the horror hit Dracula the year previously.Mix this with the so called `` Great Depression '' and the studios desperation to keep their heads above water and looking for new ideas to intice patrons into the theatres , and you have the movie Freaks.The movies ' centrepiece is two midgets , Hans and Frieda -LRB- Harry and Daisy Earles-real life brother and sister -RRB- . Both are part of the `` freak '' section of the circus performers and are engaged to be married.Enter trapeze artist Cleopatra -LRB- Olga Baclanova -RRB- who catches the eye of little Hans.She humours and eggs him on by flirting openly with him , much to Frieda 's chagrin and embarrassement.Cleopatra however goes for the circus strongman Hercules -LRB- Henry Victor -RRB- and they both take great delight in humiliating Hans and the other `` freaks '' frequently.When Cleopatra learns that Hans has alot of money she talks him into marrying her.Frieda tries to tell Hans it 's a sham , but he wo n't listen and goes ahead with the marriage.During a reception it becomes apparent to Hans things are n't what they should be when Hercules kisses Cleopatra openly.And when the `` freaks '' in attendance chant that they `` accept her '' -LRB- Cleopatra -RRB- , she becomes enraged at the thought and tells them to take a hike.During the reception she had slipped a poison into Hans drink-starting early to get rid of him and collect on his money.She carries him back to the wagon and a doctor is summoned , as she feigns innocence.She convinces the doctor but the spurned `` freaks '' are getting wise to the situation and keep a close watch.Sure enough when Cleopatra is alone she slips poison into Hans medicine.Hans however has gotten wise himself and spits out each dose when Cleo is n't looking.Hans has had it and decides , along with his friends , to take care of cheating/murdering Cleopatra and Hercules.When Hercules goes after his ex girlfriend Venus , who threatened to take what she knew about the two of them to the police , the `` freaks '' are right there.On a rain soaked , mud filled ground Hercules tries to crawl away with a knife in his side from the approaching threat , but he is eventually overtaken.At the same time Cleopatra runs screaming into the night from her wagon only to be followed by more `` freaks '' , who get their woman.The movie ends as it had begun , with people standing around a large square enclosure , inside which is the former Cleopatra , now a `` freak '' and a much deformed `` duck woman '' . This slight tale of revenge was banned in a few countries around the world due to its ' graphic and exploitative subject matter.It was released , pulled,re-released again and again -LRB- parred down -RRB- , but it still received terrible reviews and bombed at the box office.Actual circus performers -LRB- `` freaks '' -RRB- as you can see were `` used '' heavily in the movie for authenticity.You have pinheads , a half woman-half man , more than one armless woman , siamese twins , the living torso , bird girl , a dwarf , a legless dwarf , and several others.What brings the movie down is n't so much the obviously contrived script of righting a wrong but the poor acting involved.Most of the `` freaks '' did fairly well all things considered , but Olga Baclanova as Cleo and her brutish boyfriend Hercules played by Henry Victor , troll for new depths in bad acting.Olga plays it way , way over the top and Victor comes along to push down them both down the slippery slope on the other side.You actually wonder what took them so long to do them in ! On the other side of the coin is Venus -LRB- Leila Hyams -RRB- and Phroso -LRB- Wallace Ford -RRB- , who save the film from total oblivion.Rose Dione as Madame Tetrallini also manages to make the most of her on screen time.Sure one feels an empathy towards these men and women , the underbelly of the circus world , but it is an empathy that Browning unnecessarily pounds home.Not only does he show fellow `` normal '' circus perfomers shunning them -LRB- not generally the case in real life -RRB- just to achieve a modicum of a plot , the re-issue prologue REALLY pounds home the sympathy message by its ' sermonization.At the end of the day however there just is not enough good to overcome the bad in this film.It was a brave experiment on Browning 's and MGM 's parts , but it did n't come off.As you know the film we see today is a cut down version of the original.Unless some archive somewhere turns up a longer copy , this is the film posterity will be left with.Having said that though , I do not believe this film would have been helped by the extra footage.I think it would just have prolonged the agony and possibly made it even worse than what we have today.The film was revived some 30 years or more ago by a film enthusiast and caught on with other film devotees due to its ' unsual subject matter , which caused MGM to eventually rustle through its ' holdings , dig it out and dust off its ' copies.It was re-released On VHS in 1990 and now it is on DVD.The DVD 's print here is of good quality and sound.The sound in fact has been improved since its ' 1990 release on tape.You can now understand most of the dialogue , though some spoken by the circus performers are still a little hard to catch.This release contains three alternate endings to the film , a re-issue prologue , a commentary and two featurettes , one on Tod Browning and one on the movie itself.In conclusion Freaks , an interesting curiosity-yes ; an experiment not fulfilled or succesful-yes . An example of good film making ? ... definitely not .
 Love the movie , but this so called ENHANCED VERSION is really poor quality . so bad you can hardly view it ! Get te orginal release its much better .
 Let start out saying that Freaks is one of the best horror films ever made . It was disturbing , creepy , and raunchy in a way no other film made during that time was . Tod Browning , fresh off of Dracula , delivers another chilling horror movie . Now , on to the DVD . This is by far one of the worst DVD 's to a film I have ever had , and the fact that there was an enhanced version of the film for cheaper on Amazon infuriates me to no end . This DVD has a terrible presentation of the film . The picture quality is crap , and so is the sound . You can barely hear what anyone is saying , which would be OK if they put subtitles , because I 'm a person who does n't really hear that well . They do n't have subtitles , and the sound and picture is chopped and butchered to Hell and back . It 's a rare feat to actually make a movie way less scary than it already is , but this DVD does it . Because of the fuzzy picture grain and inaudible sound , they took a movie that was disturbing and scary and made it a laughable mess . Get another DVD of this film , avoid this DVD AT All COSTS
 Tod Browning 's `` Freaks '' is most certainly an interesting movie . Browning deserves a great deal of credit for bringing all of these different kinds of carnival characters together for this movie . `` Freaks '' is a very effective drama that deals with the idea of vengeance . This idea has been around since the beginning of time , but `` Freaks '' posits the freaks against the supposedly normal people . Interestingly enough , it is the freaks that are the protagonists in this film , and the viewer feels and roots for the freaks . However , this fact dilutes any horror associated with the film although the freaks are definitely creepy looking when they are coming after the trapeze artist and her strong man friend . When I first watched this film , I was in awe of the freaks for what they were , and it 's a powerful film from that standpoint alone.As unpopular as this may be , I think this movie is misinterpreted as a horror movie because there really is not any horror here other than the creepy scene with the freaks in the end . Moreover , I find myself cheering for the freaks in the end to get their revenge , so there essentially is no horror there . Indeed , `` Freaks '' is a drama , and it is unfair to the movie to be perceived as otherwise and I do not think that a horror movie was what Browning was after , certainly not one to stand the test of time . I do believe what Browning was trying to do was to put the freaks in a more human and tight-knit family-oriented light . After all , they are people and they have feelings just like any other people . They love , they get angry , they get sad and they want revenge when they are wronged ! To me , this is what `` Freaks '' stands for , a very compassionate and empathetic drama about retribution for the less fortunate ones of the world . The viewer becomes angry like the freaks when they are rejected by the trapeze artist and her lover at the wedding dinner . Frankly , they 're tired of being made fun of , and this is how Browning is able to place the freaks in a position to be justified in doing what they did to the trapeze artist and the strong man . How they were able to pull off what they did to the trapeze artist is beyond me , but there 's that Twighlight Zone feel to this movie for sure , and that 's the best way I can explain it.In conclusion , `` Freaks '' is a pretty good movie that has gained a tremendous cult following , but how it got characterized as a great horror movie is truly beyond me because that is not what the movie is all about . I am sure that the freaks , for lack of a better term , would not be only insulted with that term in today 's politically correct society , but also would be disappointed if this movie were viewed as a horror movie . The bottom line is that `` Freaks '' is not a horror movie at all , but that 's okay because it is a good drama . I was just expecting something else .
 FREAKS is definitely an unusual movie and has an assured place in motion picture history . My 2-star rating is NOT for the film itself.The question here is product QUALITY.I 've been checking out various offerings from this gray market dealer . Seems reviewers give their movies either 5 star or 1 star ratings . While one will laud their superior transfer quality the next absolutely trashes it as THE WORST . Very contradictory . VERY confusing ! Also , I 've seen a single new reviewer who 's posted 5 reviews , four of which are five-star BIG D ones . That 's too coincidental for me!I wo n't spend significant bucks to find out which is correct
 Having read all the wonderful reviews of `` Freaks '' I just had to get it . I warned my wife before we watched that the film was -LRB- allegedly -RRB- incredibly disturbing , grotesque and frightening . Let 's just say that we did n't even bat an eyelash . Do n't get me wrong -- it 's a very interesting movie . But scary ? No way ! Yes , the use of actual `` freaks '' in the movie was fascinating , but it surely did n't make us run for the OFF switch on our DVD player . Considering the reviews , the movie was actually quite tame . Really tame . I am frankly shocked it was allegedly banned anywhere at any time . Were n't circus sideshows more prevelant in the 1930 's than now ? So what 's the big deal ? I agree that the DVD commentary was excellent , but this was NOT a scary movie . A good film , unique -LRB- that 's for sure -RRB- , and overall enjoyable to watch . But I do n't see it as a landmark horror flick . Not even close .
 Watching `` Freaks '' is like witnessing a terrible accident . It 's disgusting but one ca n't quite will oneself to stop looking . The writing is the worst -- second place ai n't close . Unfortunate people with unfortunate afflictions are exploited for the idle amusement of `` normal '' folk . The plot is ridiculous and obvious . In short , it just does n't get any worse than this . Perhaps , then , that 's what makes new fans for this movie when much better movies of the period are in oblivion . As Mencken said , `` No one ever went broke under-estimating the taste of the American people . '' END
 scanned thru it once and threw it in the trash , poor story line -LRB- if it even had one -RRB- and not worthy of cult movie status . considering the age of the movie and the subject one would have to guess it would be either really interesting or very bad . sometimes you get lucky . this time i did n't .
 It was a great DVD . But I did realize it was a DVD . I wanted a CD . It would have been nice if it came with both
 one of the discs does n't play . It does , however , play in my computer . It is ridiculous to require a certain amount of words .
 I 'm a fan of both Muddy Waters and The Stones but as I suspected when I first saw this DVD here , the two groups together did n't exactly hit it off . To me , the Stones were clearly out of their environment as they tried to be blues guys . Sure , anyone can play the blues but only a few -LRB- like Muddy Waters -RRB- were/are exceptionally good doing it.What baffles me as why there are n't any good DVDs of Muddy and Johnny Winter as those 2 were great together in the mid-late 70s .
 This could of have been a stellar event . Instead it is merely a satisfactory superstar blues jam . I would rather they edited it down to 20 minutes because as soon as a STINKING drunk and OBNOXIOUS Lefty Dizz walks onstage , ALL momentum stops and all the good vibes are killed instantly . His presence on this disc is a blot that can not be overcome . The few songs with Mick and Muddy , Keef and Woody are fun , not spectacular . . its a loose blues jam ... and Buddy Guy steals the show despite his seriously out of tune guitar . A must have I suppose , for Stones completists and HARDCORE blues fans but not for the casual fan or the un-initiated . Again BE WARNED ... When LEFTY DIZZ walks onstage , he RUINS the show .
 This is another of those programmes that has , and will be , repeated ad nauseam on UK TV , but why , I can only put down to the popularity of Michael Palin and the fact that there 's a lot of air time to fill , so repeats are a cheap alternative to new programmes ! Following the success of `` Aroung the world in 80 days '' they decided to send Palin on another gimmick travelogue on celluloid . Unfortunately , `` Pole to Pole '' pales by comparison . Although it sets out rather well , when Palin gets to Africa - and there is an awful lot of Africa in `` Pole to Pole '' , things get very dull , and you get the feeling that Palin is also bored by the experience a little too . Once you have crossed the deserts of North Africa , from there down , everything looks pretty much the same . One mud hut looks like another ; one smiling black face looks like any other smiling black face ; you 've seen one elephant and you 've seen them all and when the jeeps get stuck in the mud yet again , you can but roll your eyes and look at the clock to see when the net programme begins!Finally , to cap it all , `` Pole '' ends with an anticlimax , much as `` 80 days '' did , with Palin not being able to finish his journey at the Reform Club in London . This time , however , Palin is no where near the South Pole , as someone at the BBC did not make sure that the supply boat which only sails once a year from the Cape to the South Pole had room for the expedition team ! It just ends with the feeling that there should be one more episode - Palin sits on the dock with his back to the camera and just says something on the lines of `` That 's all folks '' . I expected more . I mean , could n't they have layed on a jet or something , even just to complete the journey . They could have lied , even , and said that he had made the boat aafter all . We would n't have minded , would we?This expedition was poorly planned by the BBC and incompleted as it was , it should not have been aired in the first place !
 Some fascinating cultural studies in this travel video , but it tends to be overly-long , and frequently gets bogged down in inane sequences such as Palin kicking back endless shots of illegal vodka in Russia , etc. . The FULL frontal nudity at the mud bath could also have been clipped , as well as the nude men at the sauna . I do n't know if Palin was aiming at Pythonesque humor with this , but it did n't work for me.Something like ` Hemingways Travels ' was far for fascinating , clean , and better edited . This one needed editing badly .
 I am sure Verdi turned over in his grave when he saw how badly his opera was presented.Having cowboys and Indians mixed up on the set was plainly disgusting . There were other parts that I did not like . They replaced the ballet with cowboys and indians .
 This was my first viewing of La Forza and I will try again with another version . As the first reviewer says , attempts to add color - ie cowboys - when the setting presumably involves Spaniards and Incas - fall flat . In fact this production involves a mishmash of historical references that just complicate an already complicated -LRB- not complex -RRB- opera . Paradoxically , most of the singing is of the old-fashioed ` park and bark ' variety ! I 'll try another production before I write the opera off completely .
 Do not confuse the 52 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer shorts with the classic comedies produced by Hal Roach Studios . When Roach sold Our Gang to MGM in 1938 , the creative spark quickly diminished until the series became unwatchable . Apart from the initial 1938-39 shorts -LRB- highlighted by `` The Little Ranger , '' `` Aladdin 's Lantern , '' `` Men in Fright '' and `` Alfalfa 's Aunt '' -RRB- , these one-reel travesties lack the charm and spontaneity of the Roach efforts . Spanky , Buckwheat and the gang were badly served by MGM 's joyless , heavy-handed approach . On the plus side , the DVD set features excellent and uncut 35mm prints - which can not be said for the sloppy RHI/Genius `` Little Rascals '' collection .
 First of all , these are not the classic 20 minute Our Gang films -LRB- featuring the `` Little Rascals '' -RRB- that were produced by Hal Roach in the 1930s . Those were the films you laughed at on TV when you were a kid . Instead , these are the 10 minute imitations of those classics that were produced at M.G.M. in the 1940s . Although they initially featured many of the same Rascals , these films are , for the most part , vastly inferior to the earlier Roach films.All is not lost though , for there are some that are very entertaining . `` Goin ' Fishing '' , `` Kiddie Kure '' , `` Alfalfa 's Aunt '' , `` Bubbling Troubles '' and a few others are almost as good as the Roach films . Most of these are on the first two discs . But as the series went on , the quality declined considerably . By the time you get to disc five , many of the films are absolutely terrible . They alternate between Song & Dance shows -LRB- which feature mostly professional dancers with only brief appearances by the Gang themselves -RRB- , and shorts which spend the whole ten minutes trying to teach a `` Lesson '' -LRB- such as `` Do n't run into the street without looking both ways first , or you may get hit by a car '' -RRB- . Neither of these formats offer anything even remotely funny.The films are presented in the order they were released -LRB- not the same as the order they were filmed -RRB- . There are no extras either on the discs , or in the form of any kind of booklet . For real fans of the Little Rascals who have to see everything , this set does have some good shorts . But the average fan will be better off getting the collection of the earlier Little Rascals movies instead .
 The fidelity is fine throughout , the episodes are uncut and six or seven are at least passable.The rest is pretty much the Our Gang apocalypse.I guess this period needed to be documented on DVD -- honestly , a more worthy effort would have been locating and restoring all 93 silents -- but I 'm not sure I needed to experience it again . The overall effect is like attending a very long funeral with no one present to speak for the deceased . I ca n't even recommend it to history-minded viewers . No background booklet or on-disc extras are included . -LRB- A shame , as there 's precious little info out there on the `` Miniatures '' series with which MGM seemed to flirt in the later going as a potential Our Gang rebranding or Home Front Commandos -- the short in production when the hammer finally came down . -RRB- Do not look for classics . The Hal Roach years were full of them , but here you 'll have to take minor pleasures where you find them . In the odd throwbacks -LRB- in whole or in part -RRB- to the earlier era -- like Aladdin 's Lantern , Clown Princes , Auto Antics , Goin ' Fishin ' , Fightin ' Fools and Going to Press . In Mighty Lak a Goat from 1942 , which breaks the traditional Our Gang format -LRB- and features a tiny bit with Ava Gardner that was directed by then-husband Mickey Rooney -RRB- . In appearances by former Spanky sidekick Scotty Beckett as Alfalfa 's cousin Wilbur and by Clarence Wilson , who had served so effectively as the villainous Mr. Crutch in Shrimps for a Day back in 1934 , as school board president Mr. Pratt . In episodes that you may not have seen . -LRB- We were certain we 'd seen them all , only to discover repeatedly that we had not . -RRB- Or in the simple fact that , through the rest of '38 and on into ' 39 , this was still outwardly Our Gang , with all the beloved characters from the Hal Roach years.But it 's a short honeymoon . As you approach the middle of the second of the five discs , minor pleasures can no longer camouflage a steep drop-off in quality . Beside the Roach naturalism , the vast majority of the MGM shorts come across as downright formal -- not to say stilted . It was inevitable that there would be some changes when the series moved between studios , but the ones that occurred suggest MGM 's directors and writers , lacking experience with the series , also lacked a basic understanding of what made the Roach shorts work so well . If they hadm they might not have made so free with its premises . It took the gang out of its own little world -- a huge part of the series ' essential charm in earlier incarnations -- and eventually placed it in a town called Greenpoint with a significant population of Responsible Adults . -LRB- You 'll never find as many grown-ups in the Roach films as you will here . -RRB- It skimped on the DIY inventions and happy extremes and killed outright the unscripted moments . -LRB- While Roach had captured children being children , MGM filmed actors over-acting . -RRB- The episodes grew flatter , colder , more formulaic and conventional and , after a while , preachy . Suddenly , our sense of knowing and even vicariously participating in this world was largely gone . By the time you get to Alfalfa 's Double , a character is actually referring to the kids as `` Our Gang '' and Alfalfa to Buckwheat as `` the colored boy '' -- can you imagine any of that happening in a Roach short ? -- and by 1940 , the episodes begin to end with the gang laughing riotously . An easy out.Alas , there was little at this stage that was particularly funny.I 'm reluctant to spend too much time parsing the differences between bad and awful -- suffice to say that , from the spring of 1941 on , it 's largely awful -- but it 's worth touching on one contributing factor
 I 'm amazed at the reviewers who have given this Our Gang DVD collection five stars . We 're talking Spanky and Company at their worst ! The first half-dozen shorts from 1938 are OK , then MGM trashes the series beyond recognition . Though Hal Roach stopped producing comedy shorts for economic reasons , it must have pained him to see what Leo the Lion did to his beloved property . If you are truly an Our Gang completist , then consider Roach 's `` Hide and Shriek '' the grand finale .
 Long before the Rat Pack and the Brat Pack and the Baby Boomers and the Gen Xers , there was Our Gang . The spunky team of wee ones included Spanky , Alfalfa , Buckwheat , Froggy , Butch , Darla and a host of other human and canine -LRB- think Pete the Dog and Violet the Goat -RRB- oddities.There 's even little Mickey Guibitosi , who would later change his name to Robert Blake , and later , to inmate No. 7253166 . Originally developed by producer Hal Roach as a series of silent shorts , Our Gang remained a box-office favorite for decades , pulling in name recognition -LRB- and tarnished futures -RRB- for the kids and big bucks for distributor MGM.In the mid-1950s , the Roach-produced shorts with sound were syndicated for television under the title The Little Rascals , as MGM retained the rights to the Our Gang trademark.When Roach decided to cease production of the series in mid-1938 , MGM took over , keeping the little rascals responsible for the endless popularity of the shorts . Now Warner Brothers Video is thrusting the crowd into the spotlight once again , this time as part of a five-disc set containing all 52 of the Our Gang shorts produced between 1938 and 1944 . They are presented here in chronological order , beginning with `` The Little Ranger '' from 1938 and ending with `` Tale of a Dog '' from 1944 . But oh ! The racism ! So much so that the set contains a warning -LRB- ! -RRB- from Warner Bros. . Video
 If I could give this DVD 1/8 of a star I would have . The VHS/Beta version of this film that was released in 1982 was much better than this DVD in both content and image quality . The transfer of this DVD looks like it was done from 2nd generation VHS tape -LRB- probably in EP ot LP mode -RRB- . Seriously , I have Beta tape of AoH that I dubbed in 1983 from a Sony SL5800 to a Sony SL5400 in SP mode . Twenty years later , that tape still has much better image quality than the DVD . In addition , the DVD is heavily edited . I 'm not sure why since it still carries an R rating . Only people who seriously collect Ms. Chambers work should even consider looking at this DVD . It certainly is n't worth a $ 3.00 rental fee .
 Back in the day , way back in the day , I was an impressionable lad looking forward to the arrival of cable television . Remember the anxiety , the sheer nail biting anticipation , involved in looking forward to the day when that bright , shiny new cable truck rolled down the street ? We felt like we were the last people in the world to watch movie channels , music videos , and all the other junk piped into the house through the wonders of pay television . Within weeks of tuning in to this wonderful new world , reality quickly reared its ugly head . Most of the stuff you saw was junk , in and of itself not a bad thing , but junk nonetheless . How many times could you watch a Duran Duran video without losing a part of your soul ? The movie channels , desperate to fill up twenty-four hour schedules , hyped and then aired painfully bad films as though they were candidates for an Oscar . I remember seeing a Herschell Gordon Lewis marathon on one of these channels in the early '80s and wondered why I once looked forward to cable . Well , the intervening years have left me with a craving for the low budget sludge I once scoffed at as a youngster . Thanks to DVD , I can once again relive the experience of `` Blood Feast '' and atrocities like `` Angel of H.E.A.T. `` An attempt at a clever spoof of spy thrillers , `` Angel of H.E.A.T. '' stars none other than Marilyn Chambers , one of the founding mothers of the adult entertainment business . Chambers , whose mug once adorned Ivory Soap boxes across the country , occasionally forayed into the realms of legitimate filmmaking . For instance , she starred in David Cronenberg 's wonderfully cheesy `` Rabid . '' This movie was yet another effort by Chambers to cross over to the mainstream . Obviously , that effort failed . `` Angel of H.E.A.T. '' finds Chambers playing Angel Harmony , an agent in charge of a group of specially trained operatives who routinely save the world when all other options fail . The latest mission involves the Shockley family , specifically a goofy looking chap by the name of Albert . This guy , who lives on a remote island protected with all the latest hi-tech surveillance equipment , plans on taking over the world through hidden messages in rock music . Al stole a special computer chip from his father Peter and , with his main squeeze Andrea -LRB- Remy O'Neill -RRB- in tow , builds robots while dreaming of his future as emperor of the world.Obviously , the world can not accept such impudent behavior . Along with Angel Harmony , Samantha Vitesse -LRB- Mary Woronov -RRB- and Mark Wisdom -LRB- Stephen Johnson -RRB- work a separate angle of trying to infiltrate Albert 's stronghold . All sorts of ridiculous situations unfold as Harmony , Vitesse , and Wisdom try to undermine Albert Shockley . Apparently , a special factory that makes the computer chips resides near an establishment involving nightly female rassling matches , so the three end up putting in a significant amount of time there seeing what is what . Woronov ends up battling Andrea Shockley in the ring while Chamber 's character charms her way upstairs to use her wiles on the owner of the establishment . Wait , things get even more ridiculous . One of Angel Harmony 's main operatives is an Asian martial arts expert with a German accent . Then there 's Harmony 's encounter with Albert 's robots , a series of scenes that one simply must see to believe . Eventually , Vitesse , Wisdom , and Harmony join forces to destroy Albert 's plans . The concluding battle in a mountain valley between the robots and the H.E.A.T. agents ranks as one of the most poorly choreographed fight scenes in cinematic history.Why even bother watching `` Angel of H.E.A.T. '' ? Good question . I saw the film was available on DVD and decided to relive a memory of years gone by . Most other viewers should stay far away from this disc . I concur with everything the other reviewer of this product stated
 This turned out to be just a horrible video . It is not all what is represented on the box or the description as given on Amazon . According to Amazon , I bought the last one , so I did everyone a favor by depleting the supply of these DVD 's so that nobody else will make the mistake that I did by buying this garbage . Which , by the way , is exactly where this video went - into the garbage can .
 A review for `` The Ballad of the Sad Caf&eacute; '' once opened with the formidable question of who would ever consider casting Vanessa Redgrave as Miss Amelia , a Depression-era love-starved local recluse . As this critic seemed to point out , the only really two options were either Shelley Duvall or Sissy Spacek , two women who have continually redefined that particular role time and time again . For me , Redgrave was phenomenal in a role unfamiliar to her typical typecast . She was strong , leathery rough , and the absolute definition of an independent woman who literally ran this little mill town in the South . An adaptation of a book by Carson McCullers and helmed by famed Brit Simon Callow , this had the makings to be the next `` Grapes of Wrath '' or Oscar winning human drama . This film was unique , mysterious , bold , delicate , honest , and brutal , with a small element of David Lynch lurking around the corner . The characters seemed to be placed well , Callow 's direction was superb in some moments , lacking in others , but with all of this praise behind it - it still suffered as merely an average film . Why ? Major parts seemed , or at least felt , like they were dropped on the cutting room floor . Scenarios played out in a logical sense , but the physical connectors seemed to be weak , and unable to support a story of this nature . `` The Ballad of the Sad Caf&eacute; '' worked hard at its image , but when it came down to crunch-time , it was left standing in its own self-created dust.One can not image saying this out loud , but if Vanessa Redgrave 's Amelia were to fight John Wayne or even Clint Eastwood , my hard-earned dollars would have to go to Redgrave . Her portrayal of Amelia was as close to perfection and consumed with more detailed dedication than most actors are willing to give to any multi-million dollar contracted persona . Redgrave gave Amelia this soulful drawl that was a blend of her own unique voice and a hard-earned woman from the south . To the average viewer , this could be construed as annoying , but as the film progressed it became her - Miss Amelia transforming this stage beauty into a roughneck . It was Redgrave 's performance , as well as her interaction with the other characters , that made this film stand tall - but not the tallest . The others following her performance were needed , but not stellar . As we moved past the murky clich&eacute; image passed on by every set designer hired for the post-Depression South job , the minor characters felt like poster board . The image was needed to set the scene , but the characters of the town had no other purpose . Take for example Rod Steiger 's vision of some old , wild spoken preacher . His scenes alone will make any viewer question the validity of this off-the-beaten-path town . The main two players who surrounded Amelia battled with charm for the admirable top scene-stealing moment , but due to the lacking direction - it just seemed faded . The most absurd of the two -LRB- albeit both rank high among the questionable sanity line -RRB- is Cork Hubbard who plays Amelia 's `` cousin '' who shows up randomly one night . His character is never quite defined , he lacks true motive , and his loyalties remain uncertain . He plays no vital role in this film outside of forcing us , the viewers , to question his sanity and honesty . Can you create a character simply by sticking out your tongue , flicking your ears , and punching your chest and head ? Finally , there is the other end of the absurd - Keith Carradine . Callow 's close-ups of this tormented man build character , but our lack of understanding between him and Amelia causes his purpose to flounder . These were the characters , as clich&eacute; Southern as they were - some stood forward and attempted to create an absurdist period piece , and I can not argue that they failed.Where `` Ballad of the Sad Caf&eacute; '' failed to rise above mediocrity was in the cinematography and narrative . This film was about Amelia , and her need for other souls in her life . The audience 's level of comfort with the arrival of her midget cousin was entertaining - one could n't help but wonder if he was honest or merely a confidence man attempt to leech off a warm heart . Cork Hubbard 's character is never quite understood , but we do accept him with brief shots of him and Amelia doing small things together . It is his idea that transforms from a recluse businesswoman to a bona-fide caf&eacute; owner . The problem is that director Callow never quite takes us to that dramatic take level between Cork and Redgrave - is the man crazy or does he represent all of Amelia 's family ? I needed something from Callow that brought these two out of the David Lynch-esque relationship that they had . Then our pool gets even deeper with the addition of Carradine as Amelia 's `` love interest '' . Using the technique of a flashback within a flashback , we see the two wed , but never consummate their love - which Amelia 's anger against their love drawing him into the world of madness . Why was Amelia so angry ? Why was there no connection between Carradine and Redgrave ? Why was this even in the film ? With the lack of focus towards these characters 's connection , the eventual scenes between the two made no sense - throw in Cork 's choice and it just gets completely discombobulated . While there were a few beautiful choreographed scenes that Callow created , the inability to transfer his characters from point A to point B. I lost focus , interest , and my care for the characters plummeted when I did n't understand the ultimate question - `` why '' ? Overall , `` The Ballad of the Sad Caf&eacute; '' began with a bang , but ended with a very small crack of a firecracker . My emotional feel of this film swung up and down , up and down , and eventually stayed further down mainly due to the lack of understanding of the motives of the characters . Redgrave did a phenomenal job as Amelia , and while the other characters -LRB- outside of the random Steiger -RRB- tried their best , I just did n't quite understand who they were . Their motives were so muddled that when the emotional ending finally occurred , I was apathetic . Director Callow seemed to have been lacking importing connecting scenes that would allow us to understand the dynamic relationship between all of our main players . Callow created some beautiful scenes where faces seemed to overlap the scenery , which allowed us to focus on Amelia - or Carradine , but nothing was explained or developed . The film played out with anger , discover , happiness , flashback , anger , anger , anger , fade out . Without the comparative connectors , this transformed from distinguished period film to actors playing parts in front of camera . It was a shame , because `` Sad Caf&eacute; '' had the promise , it just could n't deliver.Grade
 Have tried twice to watch this DVD without success . It is so very dark and dismal ! Not one to give up so easily , I will try again , perhaps when I am feeling blue myself .
 Do n't even think about it . This DVD is going directly into the trash !
 I ordered this and was so disappointed by the quality of the dvd . It is impossible to watch . Do n't waste your money .
 Horrible DVD . Astoundingly bad quality . The full frame is n't even on the screen - the right-hand side is cut off .
 My wife loved this movie and we rented it from Netflicks . Since she is somewhat hard of hearing , we usually put on the subtitles . Aside from the visual problems , which have already been discussed , the subtitles are clearly the work of a Chinese non-English speaker and clearly unedited . Aside from some hilarious mistakes -LRB- including some rather stong language unrelated to the actual words -RRB- , by the second DVD , the subtitles had devolved into a language all their own.I confess I failed to see the magic in this movie , but a better version might have helped . Avoid it until their is a better version .
 I sent another review for this product earlyer saying the the quality was not very good and that it jumps at least three times thoughout the film . I asked at that time if there was a way to get this replaced . . I love this movie and it has taken me a long time to find it . Please let me know if it can be replaced . thank you Anita hedden
 MGM evidently envisioned this three-hour 1957 would-be Civil War epic as a next-generation Gone With the Wind , but its hopes were misplaced
 Hard to know what to say about this less-than-stellar import DVD . The movie is a problematical and often entertaining adaptation of Ross Lockridge 's lyrical , metaphorical novel . Perhaps any film version of the elegantly poetic book would be a compromise , but `` Raintree County '' seems to suffer from a kind of curious detachment from the material . Elizabeth Taylor is fine , Montgomery Clift may have not been able to deliver what was needed due to his serious car accident midway into production , and the supporting players -LRB- like the terrific Lee Marvin -RRB- steal the show.The DVd version currently available is poor
 I 've been searching for this movie for a long time . The story is very good , but the quality of the DVD was not . It consisted of 2 discs , and midway through the first one , the disc started sticking . We tried everything we could to make it play , but we were unsuccessful . Disc two worked fine , but if I had know it was n't an American DVD , I would not have ordered it . I was glad it had subtitles , but the words are garbled . All in all , I was very disappointed with the product .
 I always loved this film , but am totally disappointed in this DVD ... awful in every way ! Color bad , sound bad , picture quality bad , and whatever I have n't mentioned ... ALL BAD !
 The image and sound quality of this DVD is horrifyingly and insultingly terrible . By FAR the worst of any DVD I have ever purchased . The image quality it poor and frequently blurry , the audio soundtrack is frequently out of sync with the picture , and it is obvious that the screen dimensions have been altered . I feel duped and honestly could not be more upset with this edition . While certainly not a classic like Gone With the Wind , Raintree County is an interesting and historically significant film and it deserves a better DVD edition than this garbage ! Save your money and stay far away from this disc .
 It 's really too bad MGM has not released this feature on DVD as yet . I 'm sorry I never got to see this movie in the theater , I was only about 10 or 11 years old at the time of its release . That did n't stop me from seeing a lot of other pictures at the time . I have always like this movie , the performance of Elizabeth Taylor as the southern belle is riveting . This picture came soon after Giant , another powerful performance , and just before Butterfield 8 , for which she finally did win an Oscar . Good as she is in this , Montgomery Clift is the leading man and he is excellent as well . This film is also noticeable for being one of the first roles for Lee Marvin in a supporting spot . The magnificent score by Johnny Green has been released in a two-disc edition with the original Nat King Cole title song . The only problem I have with that is whoever was repsonsible for putting it up , did n't know how to end it , so you are stuck with listening to about 10 different possible musical endings , butI digress . The movie was meant as a companion piece to a certain other Civil War movie which was a little more well-known . I especially like the performance Eva Marie Saint puts in as Clift 's long-suffering girl friend who never abandons him , even after his marriage to Taylor . The location scenes are fascinating , Reeffoot Lake in northwestern Tennessee stands in for the original Indiana location , and a set of ruins in western Mississippi near Natchez also fits in nicely as Taylor 's character tries to expain her insanity . This role also shows what a versitle actress Taylor was . It 's about as far from her role in Giant as she could get , and she shown in both pictures . It also does n't hurt that she was nice to look at in both , either . Guess we 'll have to settle for the widescreen video tape roadshow version for now , but hopefully MGM wo n't keep this one locked up forever . The video tape does have scenes the laserdisc version does n't have , so get with it , fellows .
 I got so excited when I saw this and ordered - not understanding that it is dubbed in english - so now I am stuck with it
 Melodramatic to a major fault , ` Raintree County ' tries really hard to be the second coming of ` Gone With the Wind ' and winds up failing so miserably it was almost painful to endure . With lavish sets and beautiful cinematography and costumes galore , you 'd think this well-known period piece would hold up today , especially when you factor in the film 's two stars , Elizabeth Taylor and Montgomery Clift . Well , I 'm not sure what Oscar voters were drinking back in 1957 , but Taylor 's wretched performance may be the lowlight of her career -LRB- and this is coming from a man who considered her one of the finest actresses of any generation -RRB- , and the overall scope of this tragically campy soap opera is so brutally nonsensical that one ca n't help but cringe at the very thought of it.Maybe it deserves an extra star for entertaining me with all its unintentional humor.I 'm being harsh , possibly too harsh , but I digress ; does this film really deserve anything more ? I mean , the story itself had promise and yet the desire to oversell everything to the point of creating a farce is almost too much to bear . The character development , outside of that done by the magnetic Eva Marie Saint , was so minimal I felt like I knew nothing of why these characters did n't just off one another the first chance they got . With such a vapid love story centering around two barely interesting individuals , this film was already on shaky ground . Susanna Drake is an interesting sort , you know , once you factor in the fact that she 's crazy , but Taylor 's uneven accent is laughable and the way the plays into the melodramatic nature of the film is terribly sore . John Shawnessy is a bore of a character and so Clift fares possibly worse than Taylor , since he near put me to sleep.I just did n't care about anyone.The pacing is also off-putting . It is n't that it feels the whole of three hours , but it covers so much ground and jumps such large segments that one is left to fill in blanks that are not really hinted to and thus hampers the development of character in that respect as well . I mean , with years in-between one is left bewildered at certain actions , especially those concerning Susanna , and the bafflement on John 's face . Like , should n't you have seen this coming , and then again how should we know because just thirty seconds ago your son was an infant and now he 's like five years old.It 's pretty , but it 's also pretty vapid .
 I 'm sure Raintree County is a grand film , that 's why I wanted to watch it . Unfortunately I was unable to watch the film due to bad quality of the picture . I think I know what happened there . All the original prints must have been lost because this picture looks like someone has had put a little cheap camera in front of a TV screen and recorded it from the VHS version of it . Even worse , the camera was n't focused properly and the white balance must have been way off . On the other hand the picture on the cover of the DVD is blurred , so I guess no one can accuse the producers of unscrupulousness and dishonesty ! Problem is I bought this online so I had no idea .
 I have seen this movie many times over the years , and would normally have rated it 5 stars.Being an avid old movie collector , I have looked so forward to having a copy of my own.Well eventually we in South Africa were offered a copy which had to be imported from U.S.A.Excitedly I ordered it.Well of course the movie itself is wonderful and does rate 5 stars . It reflects the complexities of the old south and the civil war admirably . Elizabeth Taylor is incredible as `` Susan '' the tormented heroin who has fears of negro blood in her ancestry . The cinemtography is sweeping and spectaculer - but Oh My - thats where it ends.The copy I received -LRB- imported from U.S.A. -RRB- has sub-titles that can not be turned off . They do not always stay true to the dialogue so are distracting and in fact annoying.Surely a better tribute to a great movie and a great actress could have been produced . Raintree County - Elizabeth - I love you , but what a dis-appointment this copy is .
 Raintree county is a magical book although not a quick read . I 've read the book 5 or 6 times over the years and I continue to go back to it periodically . To me it 's a work to be savored , sipped , drunk in and held on the tongue where hints of new scents and flavors appear and then vanish . The movie is a decent film but does not hold a candle to the written work . The filmakers could never have hoped to capture the essense of this book in a two hour movie and , so , should never have attempted it.The book is a hidden gem , almost as long forgotten as the ficticious Indiana county itself . `` Hard roads and wide will run through Raintree County . You will hunt it on the map but it wo n't be there . For Raintree County is not the country of the perishable fact . It is the country of the enduring fiction . The clock in the Court House Tower on page 5 of the Raintree County Altas is always fixed at nine o'clock , and it is summer and the days are long . '' `` Raintree County ... which had no boundaries in time and space , where lurked musical and strange names and mythicakl and lost peoples , and which was itself only a name musical and strange . `` It is indeed a magical book which has touched me in multiple ways . I will say the musical soundtrack is well done - haunting and touching . In order to do this book justice , they would have needed about a 20 hour miniseries format along with brilliant producers and diredctors and a talented cast and , oh yeah a ton of money
 I think Monty is great in most everything , and usually like Liz -- but in this one she seems a bit overwrought -- though that 's supposed to be the nature of the character and she usually does that well , I just did n't find the character psychology believable here , and her supposed-to-be-southern accent was distracting as well -LRB- she got an Oscar nomination for the part though , for what that 's worth -RRB- . The worst part is probably the script , followed by the plot . The whole thing seems like 1950s illusions of what a crisis over racial ancestry in the civil-war South may have been like , and while no doubt there were crises of that nature , I just do n't see them playing out like this story -- I just ca n't bring myself to believe that people would act like that in the 1850s , or for that matter , ever . It 's a big-budget 65mm widescreen film , probably trying to recreate the success of Gone With the Wind , but there 's far better out there.Turns out they did n't originally even get the book author 's name right in the credits , it 's not Rockridge , but Lockridge . It was the most expensive US film in MGM 's history at the time , and notorious as the one where Monty got in a serious car accident during the filming , while driving home from a dinner party at Liz 's place.I do n't blame MGM for shelving it ...
 Find the Laser Disc -LRB- General release version -RRB- or VHS -LRB- restored roadshow version -RRB- in Widescreen or Full Frame . The stereo sounds great on all these versions . There is something very magical about RAINTREE COUNTY . It truly is a place of the mind where you return to it once you have seen it . I have been watching this film over and over again ever since I saw it while I was in High School . Clift 's performance , torn almost into two personalities because of the accident he had during the shooting -LRB- which changed the structure of his face -RRB- haunts this film as does Elizabeth Taylor 's twisted performance of a woman on the edge of insanity . It 's almost like a metaphor of the Civil War itself , a country torn in two , brother against brother . Johnny Greene 's score is an outstanding achievement for this composer with its beautiful flowing passages that embrace the viewer with a haunting passion . It too stands as a metaphor for all that is beautiful in the world yet intrigues us with many mysteries that are envisioned in the mind by we who inhabit this beautiful land . If only now we could get an official first rate DVD from the MGM library . That DVD seems as elusive as the Raintree itself . Standing before you stands a seeker who has yet to find .
 `` Raintree County '' is a classic , but not as good as `` Gone With the Wind . '' The Asian DVD version of the movie is a complete rip-off . One of my discs would n't even play . The first disc made a constant humming noise when I put it into the three DVD players that I have . I 've never heard a DVD hum like a vacuum cleaner . If this is n't enough to dissuade you from buying this worthless piece of garbage , then check this out
 I bought this DVD last year after having seen this movie many years ago on TV . I 'm a big fan of Monty Clift and Liz Taylor and always loved this movie . But ... this is an awful DVD copy . Looks like it was copied off of TV . I should have paid closer attention to the other reviews here on Amazon . Maybe someday a decent version of this will be released . It 's definetly not this one .
 This DVD was of the poorest quality I have ever seen . It came in two disc , one in an Asian language and the other in English . It is a shame what was done two this classic film . I could not watch it for more than a half hour if that long because of the bluriness and poor color quality . I do n't know where the seller got this piece of junk from . I will be mindful never to purchase from this seller again .
 I love this movie and was lookin forward to seeing it again . The picture was of poor quality and would not play to even the end of the first DVD . I am 74 yrs . old and do n't need this stress , when I have had such good luck with Amazon -- not so with some of the other providers . Would like my money back or a new copy . Thank you.Christy Watenpaugh
 This is a cheap copy of a pretty good movie . I should have noticed the Chinese writting on the front of the movie cover . Attempted to play on several DVD players ... did not work . Will be returning soon !
 first time we watched it the signs were in spanish . Ca n't to the menu option . Very unhappy with this purchase .
 The original Disney animators tempered saccharine-sweet with a sheen of nastiness , as anyone who 's seen early Disney features -LRB- Sleeping Beauty , Cinderella , Snow White -RRB- can attest . Somewhere along the way , though , Disney dumped the nasty , decided that kids were too innocently dumb to understand `` real '' plots or evil -LRB- five minutes of listening to kids playing wargames would have cured them of that notion -RRB- , and started producing plotless , oversugared confections that did n't enthrall anyone . And , to nobody 's surprise , they lost out to more imaginative animations such as `` The Secret of Nimh . `` In recent years -LRB- and with recent acquisitions -RRB- I thought they 'd overcome that handicap , but it rears its yawning head in `` Meet the Robinsons . '' When the best you can say about an animated feature is `` heartwarming , '' you know you 've got a problem . The plot is a simple twist on the old sci-fi time-traveller-meets-himself story
 As an adult animation fan , Meet the Robinsons is an exercise in history . In watching the bonus feature interviews with the director , you can see how great and moving this film could have been . Instead , it 's a muddled mess of kinetic energy void of most emotion . Any movie that uses Nicole Sullivan as a voice in a character with no real personality is misguided indeed . It 's an exercise in history , however , because it 's essential to understanding the creative turmoil within the studio at this time . The film was created from script -- hence the lack of character development -- instead of the usual involvement of story artists . The second half of the film plays better than the first because John Lasseter became the head of the animation department midway through production . He insisted on revisions , which largely affected the second half of the movie.The animation has its moments , but the human characters are essentially sausages with limbs.It 's great for kids but is only useful as history for adult animation aficionados .
 Wish I had rented this one before buying it . Boring . And it goes from present to future and is hard for little ones to get . Save your money or rent it first .
 I ca n't recall the last time I gave up on a movie ... I usually will suffer through anything just to get to the end . But I had to stop halfway through this.The `` official '' review says it gives a fresh perpective on what the future may look like , or some such nonsense . Give me a break.Good for kids ? Whatever the producers were aiming at , I did n't get it , and I doubt my adopted 4 or 6 year old daughters would either . They would get the early scene about the main character 's despair over ever being adopted , then they would have quickly lost interest in the confusing dialog that follows for the next 45 minutes and simply have been left with a very negative message about adoption.If I could give this a zero , I would .
 The main character ca n't get adopted , even though he is smart , he 's too old . The villian was n't adopted , therefore making him a villian.Enough said ? More than enough for my family and me .
 Disney should stop producing CGI movies as they are all helplessy soppy and , worst , tedious . I ca n't believe this is the same company who produced the Jungle Book or the Lion King ... Pixar 's CGI movies are far better in everything -LRB- originality , imagination , animation , script , wit , humor , etc. -RRB- I really regret to have spent almost 20 dollars for this rubbish .
 This movie was a disapointment compared to the Incrediables . At first it was kind of interesting but then it got so unreal . Frogs were singing and ex ... THen to make things worse the humor was n't all that great and the story got boring toward the end . This movie is not the best movie for all ages it 's most likely for very young children because how boring and unreal . They over did the crazy part . That is why I think if you want a good faimly movie then check out the Incrediables or High School muscical.Apple
 Great family movie , terrific cgi and a cute storyline.But the standard version DVD continues to flash an annoying icon in the upper righthand corner of the screen as if someone has tried to select an alternate viewing angle , even though none has been selected . This has happened on two copies of the DVD we 've purchased . Are other people experiencing this ? Is this possibly a flaw since the DVD is also produced on Blu-Ray -LRB- which I do n't have -RRB- where they may have provided alternate views -LRB- or other material that you can jump out to during playback -RRB- which the standard version does n't have but is may be trying to access ?
 I suppose this is a good one for the kids 10 and under but for adults it is barley bearable . I enjoyed Monster House and Ratatoie much more than this one .
 I never saw the movie before buying it . I bought it because it 's Blu-ray and animated - animated movies are look great in 1080p . I bought this movie based on the wrong reasons . Although a decent and fun story , the movie is only worth seeing once . Netflix it . Do n't buy it .
 Helen O'Hara wrote of this game that `` Kids will enjoy the colourful animation and fun characters , but adults will wish it all made a bit more sense . `` I could n't agree more . Even allowing for the generosity and patience you bring to a time travel story , this plot is convoluted and filled with numerous contradictions . You can more or less follow the story up until about a third into it , where the hero travels forward in time to `` Meet the Robinsons . '' All those people at the dinner table ? I understand that they needed to get the time machine fixed , but everything after that was sheer confusion to me.One thing I found annoying was Disney 's pathetic attempt to shoehorn a moral into the story , so that kids would like `` science '' more . The whole thing about `` keep moving forward '' seemed forced and artificial . Plus I 'm not sure it is even necessary.Why do kids ' movies these days have to be seeped in a heavy-handed didacticism ? Are n't there plenty of great scientists who grew up reading nothing other than `` Robinson Crusoe '' ?
 Just awful . Every badly-executed idea stolen from some other story . Dumb , vacuous and cheaply-rendered . The only few moments that were moving were during the Rob Thomas song at the end , and entirely due to it .
 If you were an adopted child , this was not a good experience . You go back through time , and it is the only chance you will have to see your mother . To turn away at the last minute , you have pined for this moment your entire childhood . The whole concept stinks!That bouncing around with very little plotline also stinks !
 What a truly atrocious film on so many levels . I could barely force myself to sit through the entire thing and only because I put it on for my boys -LRB- 5 & 3 -RRB- and the friends they invited over for popcorn & movie night . >> SPOILER WARNING < < First major criticism - my biggest complaint is the message this story conveys . The most relatable , sympathetic , innocent character from the beginning of the film grows up to be the major villain . This poor , little orphan is not adopted , fails to catch the game-winning ball , becomes obsessed with this fact , and becomes psychologically stuck in that place while he simultaneously nourishes a growing desire for revenge against the other innocent , un-adopted orphan he holds responsible.And how do they redeem this wretched character ? Do they come through with a message that sometimes people face challenges but we each make the choices on how we deal with that and have control of the lives we choose to live ? No . They do n't even remain consistent with their own internal themes . Instead , Disney uses a time machine to go back in time so the boy catches the ball , never faces that challenge and , thus , does not develop into the miserable , fumbling wretch he otherwise would have . Pathetic ! What kind of moral is that for kids ? For anyone ? Disney ought to be ashamed.Second major criticism - the film introduces a bunch of quirky , but two-dimensional , characters that could have been very interesting but Disney does little more than introduce them , stuff a few lines of dialogue in their mouths , and rushes ahead . What a wasted opportunity . These characters COULD have been so much fun.Third criticism - this film has nothing to offer anyone interested in more than pretty , flashing pictures . Adults will be terribly disappointed . Unlike most recent animated films by Pixar , DreamWorks , Sony ImageWorks , Studio Ghibli , and so many others -LRB- eg , Hoodwinked , Monster House , Ice Age , Ant Bully -RRB- , Robinsons has nothing to appeal to grown-ups - no double-meanings , no witty banter , no sub-text , nothing deeper than the surface of your television . The dialogue is uninteresting & tedious , the jokes are few & flat , the gags are mostly frenetic & childish , and I could go on and on.What can I say that is positive ? Well , `` Little Wonders '' , the song track by Rob Thomas is outstanding ! It will elicit the only emotional experience this film has to offer . Also , the CGI is , mostly , pretty darn good , though I thought the future city left a bit to be desired . Sadly , flashy CG is n't enough to sell a film these days . But perhaps in Disney 's case , millions of dollars in marketing is.Save your money . Spend it better elsewhere . Before you even waste your time with this rubbish , first watch EVERY film by Pixar , Studio Ghibli , Sony ImageWorks , Columbia Pictures animation , DreamWorks , and the others listed above because even the worst of those is better than Meet the Robinsons . Or just take a nap - it will be a much better use of your time .
 Meet the Robinson 's is once again anothr lame attempt to recreate Pixar , it did n't work . Once again they tried to score for the magic of Pixar , but they missed the one thing that seperates Pixar from the rest
 This film is bad . I love me some Bette Davis and even her bad movies are good , but this one just crosses the line . For her to think she would ever get away with it is beyond ridiculous , a miscast Karl Malden over-acts atrociously and the ending lands with a resounding and very predictable thud . Just not a very good film . Check out `` A Stolen Life '' for a better Davis-as-twins film .
 as a straight Peter Lawford . He was as gay in 1945 as he is here , lo those many years later . He 's certainly not the sort of lothario/protagonist that could ever set any woman 's wheels in motion.Davis , after `` Baby Jane '' and `` Hush , Hush '' looks , deservedly so , exhausted . Like she does n't even want to be a part of this mess , though she gives it her best shot . She 's a mess , he 's a mess , everyones a mess mess . But here they are , throwing the mess in our faces and , as far as Davis is concerned , down our throat.For Davis , it 's not a bad turn . She 's okay . She rises above the decidely Grade B material with aplomb . Her twin sister act , while not convincing , is enjoyable to watch.But an exhausted Bette Davis has a tendency to exhaust the viewer . Toss in Peter Lawford and it bcomes a defintion of `` yawn '' . He ca n't act and she 's trying her best , at this stage of the game . TWICE !!!!!!!!!!!! She 's twins , you know.Silly fare , but for Davis fans , well , it 's Davis .
 This movie is only worth watching if you are a die-hard Bette Davis fan , otherwise , forget it . This is also Bette at the end of her amazing career , a sort of last gasp before age and a string of mediocre movies forced her into semi-retirement . This is her last decent film , though it drags in long stretches and the plot is silly , contrived and stupid . Peter Lawford gives a thoroughly forgetable performance as her boyfriend . Karl Malden is good , but his character is pathetically stupid . Wake up , Karl , your girlfriend is a murderer!If you love Bette Davis , you 'll watch her recite the phone book . I require a little more than that to give it a thumb 's up .
 This movie is funny but some original ideas could 've been put into it . If you 've seen the Marx Brothers - ' A Night At The Opera ' , then you 've seen Brain Donors . Brain Donors have just about every scene from ' A Night At The Opera ' from the ` Too Crowded Room ' to changing the music during the performance . They 're all there except in a differant order . See it if you want , but I 'm sticking with the Marx Brothers .
 I 'm not sure what I expected from this DVD , but what I got definitely was not it . It 's been touted as a `` must see '' for those wishing to learn more about orgasm . I disagree . Totally . I suppose if I could figure out the target audience , I might be able to pen a more favorable review . I do n't think those who are having trouble reaching orgasm will derive much benefit from the information shared . In fact , it would intimidate many , especially more vanilla folk -LRB- who often seem to be most in need of accurate , practical information -RRB- . And I do n't think those who simply seek more and/or better orgasms will benefit either.The novice is not going to find reassurance or practical tips beyond the `` go with the flow '' message . The advice is not bad , mind you ; it 's just recycled . The expert is just going to shrug and say , `` Well , duh . `` The best I can say about this 2004 film is that it does well in capturing the diversity of approach to orgasm . To that end , it succeeds almost too well because the diversity of its cast is more intriguing than the advice provided.There were a couple too-brief segments which attempted to define various types of orgasm that I found interesting , but on the whole , I thought the production was rather disorganized . Add to that the distracting , new-agey graphics , and the whole 53-minute thing was difficult to endure . It 's not going to win any awards for editing , direction , sound , or special effects . That 's for damned sure.Orgasm is undoubtedly a multi-faceted beast . It can be physical , emotional , or spiritual -LRB- or any combination of the three -RRB- , and I do n't think any form of orgasm instruction would be complete without addressing those aspects . However , this film focuses too heavily on the spiritual , almost to the exclusion of the actual mechanics of orgasm , to be of any instructional value.peace & passion , ~ Alessia Brio for Toys for Tartshttp : / / toys-for-tarts . blogspot.com
 This video is a fairly basic presentation of what ozone therapy is , how it is used , some of the history of its development , and methods of administration . The historical perspective is interesting , but beyond that I doubt there is much new here if you know anything about the subject at all . There is a general discussion of uses of ozone and different therapy modalities , but this is NOT a `` how-to '' film . You will still need a lot more information than you will find here in order to get started . They talk about how to choose an ozone generator , how to produce ozone gas , the oxygen source you will need and some of the diseases that have been successfully treated with ozone.The interview format is used exclusively with an occasional photo or drawing . Interviewed are Dr. Zenon Gruber , a retired German doctor , Paul Von Shroven , a retired German naturopath , and Bob Graham , an Australian researcher . All three men have heavy accents , and I found them difficult to understand . I had to continuously rewind the video to review what they had said . This is NOT easy listening . The content and subject matter are not the problem . The heavy accents and poor sound quality are the problem .
 This is the third film in the `` Ginger Trilogy '' , featuring Cheri Cafarro as Ginger , `` the female James Bond '' . Ginger is once again called upon to offer her body for her country , as she goes up against Ronnie St. Clair , the Anti-Ginger , a woman who similarly has no compunctions about using her sexuality to get what she wants - in this case , kidnapping two diplomats to milk an upcoming trade agreement for lots and lots of money . The Ginger movies would never be made today - these Politically Correct times would never allow it - but this , the last and most expensive of the three , concentrates more on the plot than the gleeful sleazery of the first two films , making it less of a successful Ginger film and more of a failed spy movie . The first two , `` Ginger '' and `` The Abductors '' , are better examples of early 70 's drive-in sexploitation .
 I have never seen a movie like this even back in the seventys must have missed this one , How they got away with this I 'll never know . The actors I think were reading their lines off a cue card . The dance and song Ginger did , I had hoped it would end before I jumped off the stool with a rope around my neck . I watched till ginger was tied down I then turned it off and wished I had my money back.If you like a woman tied down spread-eagle naked then this movie is for you . Myself I am just not into that .
 I absolutely love Cher 's A New Attitude Video so I decided to buy Body Confidence ; I wish I had n't . The ` Hot Dance ' seems silly . It 's just a bunch of jumping around and dancing to silly steps . It does n't really seem to be a good workout either . However , I 'm much more of a step aerobic type person , which this video has none . The rubber bands portion is dull . Overall , I really do n't like this video , and I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 If you loved Cher 's `` A New Attitude , '' you may want to rent this video before you buy it . Although her `` hot dance '' section was fun , it was very dated and quickly became too repetitious . The second section uses giant rubberbands , which I did n't have . It did look like the second section was great for toning , but you need the rubberband . I 'd rate this video as a two .
 Cher is best known for her emmy award winning roal in `` Mask '' in which she plays a loving but care free and slutty biker skank who cares for what i can only assume is humpty dumptys mutilated cousin Lenny . Lenny is the forsaken son of the lead biker-apha-douche that had been serendipitously dumped into the caring cheese grater fingers of Cher 's character Skeletor . In this movie about trailer dwelers down on their luck , Skeletor and Lenny break through the social boundries that bind a them while simultaniously finding out what what a terrible actress walking beef jerky makes . The entire time I watched I found myself wondering `` how is it possible that a dried meat product could possibly be this confident '' . That is until I found this VHS tape at the bottom of the bargin bin of my local flee market.In this 4 hour botox injection trail , Cher flaunts her various plastic parts in full view of the awe-struck public . I was so blown away by this gay-man 's hetro-mother-fantasy that I had been lulled into some kind of subconscious coma as during I must have suffered from the lost-time phinominom that many alien upductees often experiance . when I came too Im not to proud to admit that I had worked off 90 pounds of beer weight , had caves of steel and my butt hurt . Its possible that I had been working out for days but In truth its hard to say from the amount of sand I found in my ass . Now I know what nebraska looks like and its all thanks to Cher and her hypnotising thong.This video should come with a warning label that should read
 I saw this video at a garage sale for 10 cents , so I thought I try it out . I could not help but laugh throughout the whole video . Now , I am the person who has ton of workout videos , and I have been working out in the gym for over several years . I have also trained with a great personal trainer , so I 'm not a newcomer to working out . When I saw this video with Cher , I was flabergasted that she would put out this kind of nonsese ! First , she wore ton of makeup and her hair is huge like a prostute 's hair . She also wore some stylish booths , which I thought she should have worn some comfortable athletic shoes . She also wore very revealing skimpy outfit , and was n't a thong string go up her butt ? She should have put out this kind of video under Play Boy 's title . Cher also made some snotty coments , and that tells me that she think she is miss high and mighty ! I want to listen to someone who smiles and encourages , and not someone who acts like she is some kind of queen and make sarcastic comments . If you are a dire hard fan of Cher , then you might like this video . But , if you want a serious workout video , then look for videos that have won some sort of awards .
 I bought this video at a used clothing store for $ 1.99 , and I know now that I paid way too much for it . This video is a JOKE ! Cher looks like a total tramp , and I felt sick to my stomache whenever the camera showed her backside . And , when they were doing the cool down , she kept pushing her crouch in and out , so that you could see her waxed bikini like -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- . She has absoultely no modesty in her . How can anyone give her any type of respect . Also , she was not wearing a workout utfit , she was wearing a trampy outfit . This so called `` hot dance '' is nothing more then bunch of girls gallopping like a horse and I 'm not kidding you . They take breaks seems like every 20 seconds , and the instructor says `` pony '' , then they all hop around like a pony throught the entire video ! There 's a huge portion of the video where the girls not only gallop around like a horse , they also say `` I 'm pony , your pony , we all love out pony ! '' . What the hell is this ? I ca n't even describe the rest of the exercises . Well , maybe I can describe it this way . They go from side to side , then they move their arm forward and backword while they move one side of their leg up and down sidewards . It looks so stupid ! They kept doing this movie over and over . Also , throw in the pony moves and that 's what they called the hot dance . Skip this so called work out video .
 I checked this out of our library before buying it - what IS this video , a joke ? She spends 10 minutes talking first - HUGE hair -LRB- ... -RRB- - then shows up to the `` class '' in some outfit that looks like she 's ready for her Playboy pictorial -LRB- Please , Cher , most of us are here to exercise , we really do n't need to see your newly waxed bikini line ! -RRB- and the so-called `` exercise '' is tapping your feet to the rhythm of watered-down -LRB- elevator-ized -RRB- rock music . NOT for anyone who actually wanted to sweat or get their hair mussed ... I 'm wondering who the target audience was for this video ...
 Maybe this show appeals to some people , but to me the characters seem like a bunch of annoying , whiny retards . I ca n't stand the voices of the main actors - two of them shriek rather than talk . Rather than provide comedy that everybody can enjoy , Will & Grace revolves around cliches and gay sex jokes . Debra Messing is the only salvation in the show , but she 's not enough to save bad comedy .
 Maybe this show appeals to some people , but to me the characters seem like a bunch of annoying , whiny retards . I ca n't stand the voices of the main actors - two of them shriek rather than talk . Rather than provide comedy that everybody can enjoy , Will & Grace revolves around cliches and gay sex jokes . Debra Messing is the only salvation in the show , but she 's not enough to save bad comedy .
 Maybe this show appeals to some people , but to me the characters seem like a bunch of annoying , whiny retards . I ca n't stand the voices of the main actors - two of them shriek rather than talk . Rather than provide comedy that everybody can enjoy , Will & Grace revolves around cliches and gay sex jokes . Debra Messing is the only salvation in the show , but she 's not enough to save bad comedy .
 My husband is an avid deer hunter and loves to watch a variety of deer hunting dvds ; the humorous as well as the serious . He was very disappointed in this DVD and found it ridiculous and not at all humorous or entertaining .
 There are several parts of the film when it just goes to a still photo and voice or backround music is heard . If I knew so much of the original film was missing I probably would not have bought it . I was disappointed in my purchase.DPrice
 A Star Is Born is a disturbing film for all the wrong reasons . By failing to get the audience to sympathize with a movie star 's tragic downfall , the film displays a schizophrenic quality . There is almost a breakdown in the relationship between the audience and what happens on screen . This is in no part due to the performances by the lead actors ; it 's the nature of the material itself . Perhaps if we were to see the James Mason character as a likeable star before failure and booze drain away his ambition and reason for living , the audience would understand what the Garland character sees in him and we could sympathize with both characters . Instead , we see Garland 's character despairing over a not very likeable washed-up drunk and we 're left feeling as empty as the film itself .
 Judy Garland 's singing and dancing & George Cukor 's directing saved this film from being a total flop . James Mason was horribly miscast as Norman Maine as were almost all the other characters . In defense of Mr. Mason who was an outstanding actor , noone could replace Fredric March as Norman Maine . This DVD has about 55 minutes of Premire Footage outside the Pantages Theater in 1954 with interviews with attendees like Joan Crawford , Cesar Romero , George Jessel . This alone is worth the price of the DVD .
 I found this DVD release of A STAR IS BORN impossible to watch . The all-too-frequent use of stills over a sound track was extremely annoying . I praise the attempt to recreate Cukor 's original concept ... but I do not praise the results . I would much rather have seen two versions on the DVD , one with the poor stills-and-dialogue recreation of what was hacked out , and one that 's at least watchable . I have to confess that I did n't make it through the entire movie . I could n't ! It was too annoying . I think they should have waited until somebody somewhere can locate missing footage . -LRB- However , it 's still better than the Streisand/Kristofferson abortion ! -RRB-
 I generally dislike remakes and this was no exception . I felt that any seriousness the story had was scattered abroad like dandelion fuzz at the hand of the continual musical breeze . I would not care to ever watch this again.My two stars go entirely to James Mason , who did a very good job here in amongst the melodious maelstrom . I though the scene when he proposed to Esther was quite clever , and probably the only thing really memorable about this poor excuse of a remake . Judy Garland was simply too old for the part and lacked the fresh youthful enthusiasm of Janet Gaynor in the '37 version , which you should see by all means rather than this one , because it is far superior in all ways .
 I got this at the library , because we wanted to see how it compared to the 1937 version with Fredric March . Well , we did n't think much of this movie . First of all , there was too much singing . I do n't mind singing in some movies if it is good -LRB- as in The Sound of Music , Elvis ' King Creole and Jailhouse Rock , etc. -RRB- , but I do not care for Judy Garland 's singing . Secondly , I felt Judy was too old for the part . I think she would have been much better in her younger days when she was fresh and beautiful . Thirdly , I did n't see much chemistry between Judy and James Mason . I still feel the 1937 version is best ; while I like James Mason -LRB- and he is the reason I give this film 2 stars -RRB- , I felt Fredric March was much better in the Norman Maine role . I was a bit bored throught the viewing and was glad when it was over and it is a film I will never watch again .
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** About 15 or 20 minutes into ' A Star is Born ' , I became thoroughly confused as to what was happening in the storyline . Fading , alcoholic screen star , Norman Maine -LRB- James Mason -RRB- , has just persuaded Esther Blodgett -LRB- Judy Garland -RRB- to quit her job as a singer in a band with the promise that he 'll get her a screen test the next day at his movie studio . Maine persuades Esther to take the ` chance of a lifetime ' and she vows she 'll never work again as a waitress , a job she was slaving away at prior to procuring her current job as a low-rent band singer . The next thing I see are a series of production stills with the film 's soundtrack underneath . There are brief glimpses of moving pictures including Esther working as a car hop . I was thinking , ` what gives ? ' -- she stated emphatically she would n't be going back to working in such a menial job and here she is , serving all varieties of hamburgers at a fast food joint . And what happened to the screen test that Maine promised to get her the next day?I was warned by the hosts at TCM -LRB- including Alec Baldwin -RRB- who introduced the film on TV . They said there was some footage missing but the soundtrack was intact . I did n't know exactly what they meant until I actually saw the ` restoration ' . My reaction was , ` Oh my God , I have never seen anything as pathetic as this in the movies ' . I had to consult Wikipedia to find out what transpired during the missing footage . Well it seems that Maine was called away early to film on location and forgot to write down Esther 's address . When she did n't hear from him , she assumed that he was merely flirting with her and that 's when she 's forced to take the job as a car hop . Only later , Maine locates Esther and makes good on his promise to help her . Wikipedia also explains that Warner executives chopped the film to pieces after Director George Cukor left to scout locations for a new film . Somehow , the executives did n't realize that by cutting crucial scenes , the film 's continuity would be seriously compromised . You would think that despite the fact that that they now had a new version of the film , the cut scenes would somehow be placed in the studio 's archives , where they would at least be preserved for posterity . But no , the missing scenes are no longer extant , and I wonder exactly what became of them ? Who made the decision to throw them in the garbage can ? Even Wikipedia does n't have the answers.Despite the missing footage , one can still realize that ' A Star is Born ' is a vastly overrated film . Take for starters , the character of Norman Maine . We 're told that he 's a movie star of great import and even after his death , Oliver Niles -LRB- Charles Bickford -RRB- the studio head , states emphatically to the studio 's publicist , Matt Libby -LRB- Jack Carson -RRB- that Maine was `` a great guy '' . Why exactly is he `` a great guy ? '' In reality , there is nothing at all appealing about the character . He 's basically a self-centered drunk who attempts to undermine his wife 's career out of jealousy . When he drunkenly crashes Esther 's acceptance speech at the Academy Awards , that underscores what an unlikeable character he is . When he 's at the sanitarium and Niles offers him a part to try and rehabilitate his career , Maine is in complete denial , and tells his boss that he has other offers pending at major studios . The coup de grace is when he selfishly commits suicide after he overhears Niles informing his wife that he 's all washed up.And what about the sorry plot of ' A Star is Born ' . It 's so completely predictable because we know where it 's going -- Maine intends to do himself in . The only question is how . There 's virtually no conflict throughout the film . Early on , Esther easily chooses to go for the screen test over staying with the band -LRB- she 's already made up her mind after she falls for Maine 's charms -RRB- . Despite the fact that everyone knows Maine is a boorish alcoholic , for some reason he still has enough clout to walk into his boss 's office and gets him to listen how good a singer Esther is . It does n't take much to convince Niles to place Esther , the unknown contract player , in a major motion picture , which leads to her becoming a star overnight . Once Esther becomes a star , there are no longer any surprises . When not singing in overlong and overblown production numbers , she becomes preoccupied with her sad sack husband whose decline is illustrated in a series of repetitious scenes . I continue to maintain that ` sad sacks ' who do n't like themselves , do not make for good drama!Finally , there 's Judy Garland , who mugs her way through the atrocious plot . The tacky storyline is simply a vehicle for Garland to throw in the kitchen sink as far as presenting one dubious song after another . The producers were so hard up that they had to dig out Al Jolson 's old chestnut , ` Swanee ' , which proved to be Garland 's best number , but a tune which seemed completely out of place in this movie . And what of the majority of the songs here ? Well , the truth is that most of them do not stand the test of time -- they are instantly forgettable and no one remembers them today.The question remains , was Garland as great as so many say she is ? Certainly not in this movie ! Yes , she had that big , booming voice and certainly her `` Somewhere over the Rainbow '' is a true classic . But just look at her singing and acting here in what is supposed to be her great comeback vehicle -- I know many will not agree , but to me , simply put , it 's corny and dated . ` Star ' has some great cinematography but a storyline that features an unappealing protagonist in decline coupled with the performance of a real life star , also headed downhill .
 This is without a doubt both Judy Garlands and James Mason 's worst movies!What a shame becasue they are truly both truly talented but this one just was n't up to par with their talents !
 Ok suckered in . This is one of the great movies of our time and this is a nice new fresh print , but no better or worse than the last DVD print of the film . Deluxe what ? Special why ? Very very little here that was not on the previous DVD release , just a few different angles and yet another couple of dress versions of `` Man that Got Away '' . Totally unnecessary if you have the original DVD version . I believe there is complete versions of the film floating about , will we ever see them ?
 I like Judy Garland as both an actress and a singer but this was definitely not one of her best movies , Judy did do a good job with her performance and James Mason did do a good job with his portrayal of the alcoholic husband but the movie in general was uneven and flawed despite their talent .
 I love Pandora Peaks as a person , and I ca n't get enough of her body , but this movie left me disappointed . I know that this is an artistic project for her ... whatever , but you get plenty of repeat footage , and sometimes you end up with better views of the camera crew than you do Pandora herself . I liked the discussions with her , and the one redeeming thing about this film was that Pandora seems like a really nice , down-to-earth lady . If I was to add anything to this show it would be better continuity ... and more material of her in the swimming-pool . Pandora should fire her director and get someone else for any new projects in the future.In conclusion , if I was n't already a Pandora fan I 'd be extremely saddened . I 'd recommend Playboy 's Voluptuous Vixens II in lieu of this for anyone who wants to see better footage of Pandora .
 honestly , and truly , you can get much better stuff off the nets , or even off of cable . your money would be better spent somewhere else !
 Two grande detectives are on the trail of a sword wielding killer who strikes at the local drive-in . A few suspects and a few red herrings are thrown our way , but they 're not terribly effective.Honestly , I 'm not going to waste my time talking about this one much . It 's better to just avoid it unless you simply ca n't help yourself . As a slasher it was n't very good , nor as a mystery or homage to the drive-in . The picture looks like a dreadful VHS transfer , but I doubt a clearer picture would really make the film better.A few good kills in the very beginning , but that 's about it . We all know I love low budget trash , but sometimes I have my limits .
 First off we find it pretty amazing -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- that this is only the third review done for a film made in 1974 , both being within the last 3 years . For most that is a warning sign to steer clear . However for Sid that 's what draws us in . Sure it does n't make sense to most , but the quest for b often brings you to films of this caliber and sometimes gives you a classic . This was not one of those times . When you take gambles you also open yourself up to some big let downs and Drive in Massacre is one of those we 'll hope to never see again.The film begins in the typical grainy 70 's look as the sunsets and the local drive in opens up . Once the film starts rolling a couple looking to get a little randy winds up getting killed by a sword yielding maniac . Hey Dutch ! It 's the exact sword that pear shaped loser used to have . Anyway , this alerts two dim witted old investigators -LRB- one resembling John Madden -RRB- and they hit the scene of the crime . From here one out the film goes absolutely nowhere . It 's pretty much the same scene over and over leaving you amped to hit the fast forward button quite often.So to Sum up Drive-In Massacre
 Young couples get killed in a California drive-in theater by a killer with a sword . Two cops investigate the murders and interview the manager of the theater and the very stupid assistant , former carnival sword swallower . `` Drive in Massacre '' is a very talky movie . Most of it is pointless , bad dialogue . There are some murder scenes but no suspense . The cops follow up all sorts of false leads but the plot moves nowhere . Even though the movie is only 74 minutes long it feels very long and is padded with scenes that have little or nothing to do with the main plot.I like B movies when they 're entertaining , but `` Drive in Massacre '' is just plain bad with no redeeming values or entertainment value . It 's not `` so bad it 's good '' . In fact I think it might be one of the 10 worst movies I 've ever seen . Do n't waste your money or time on it -LRB- but if you really need to see it , it 's in the public domain so you can download it legally for free -RRB- .
 I watched this film on the belief that is was notoriously gory , what a mistake I made . I ca n't begin to describe how mediocre the film is , it has so many wretched traits . Make no mistake about it , I love trash cinema and manage to enjoy movies that many viewers dismiss as `` mindless '' and `` plotless '' . This movie is one I can find NOTHING good about . It is a total waste of time . The script and acting is mind numbing , the gore effects are horrible and there is really nothing redeeming or interesting in this movie . Its 76 or so minute run time takes way too long . The ending is one of the biggest jokes ever , nothing is revealed as to who the killer is , nothing at all . I could go on but by now you get the idea . Take it from me it 's TRASH!Trust me , if you think movies like `` 3 on a meathook '' are garbage , you have not seen anything yet until you witness Drive In Massacre . Watch it under heavy intoxication if you must see it . I really feel this is one of the worst film any genre has ever offered . This is one of the worst movies ever made.Worth a watch only for the mediocre factor .
 a very low budget attempt at film . there were moments that this looked like it was really going to be something . at about 1 hour 27 minutes the writer painted himself into a corner and gave up . he tried to cover it up by using the ` ol' - ` oh ... this was n't a story about a bank robbery but it was a story about actors testing the waters of their craft . ' the writer realized
 Very sorry acting and did n't make a lot of sense ! Thought it might me a suspense filled movie , but was I disapointed !!
 Movie sucked . I bought it used for a penny and it was n't worth my time watching it . Did n't even give it to Good Will - trashed it . Acting horrible - story started bad ended worse .
 The formula for Sharpe 's success is fairly straightforward
 Sharpe 's Justice is an oddity in that it is set in England in 1814 , with the backdrop of the Industrial Revolution and social unrest.It does n't work well , though.The Peterloo massacre , in which yeomanry killed several people and injured many more in Manchester in 1819 is relocated here in Keighley Town Square in 1814 . Sharpe gets the blame , but in reality , the Prince Regent , Home Secretary and others appplauded this action as a necessary one against revolutionaries.The brother of Sharpe is introduced , briefly , and coincidence throws Rossendale and Jane back into Sharpe 's remit . Rossendale is said to have been a friend of Sharpe , and though he briefly appeared in Sharpe 's Regiment , I think , he was hardly on close terms with our hero.The conclusion is rather fudged . Sharpe changes sides , but when we discover the villains are who they are , he 's welcomed back by a decent specimen of the gentry.Finally , Sharpe would not have been allowed to flit back to France at the end of the story because he would have been needed for trials , inquests and enquiries into the numerous unlawful deaths which occur n this story.This story can easily be missed as the viewer finishes Sharpe 's Justice and can go straight to Waterloo without missing anything of importance . When first screened , I missed this on without loss .
 As an insight into the exploited class conflict of the pre-Industrial Revolution and hypocrisy of the Crown , this is useful ; as a DVD and as a Sharpe `` adventure '' , this is best rented or better yet obtained without charge from a public library . It is overly long , often a bore and trite and on the whole a disappointing waste of otherwise superb talent .
 On-location shooting of sleazy streets and bars are nice -- but there 's only a few minutes worth ; the rest is pure 60s , pre-DEATH WISH pity-killers nonsense . `` He 's a good boy '' the hoodlum priest tells the govenor , about a young killer ... ! The priest bad mouths the victim by saying he was going after the killer with a crowbar -- never mind that the victim with the crowbar was defending his property against the killer who was burglarizing his place !!! Professional critics , like Andrew Sarris , actually like this movie a lot more than DEATH WISH and DIRTY HARRY -- though only because this movie is against capital punishment , and pitys killers and other criminals as being misunderstood.From the director of THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK .
 when i first saw the series i laugh , but now that i see it again i saw that the comedy is like the beavis and butthead show , so do n't buy this videos
 Just got through watching this . The jokes are cruder , less funny , and they just keep on beating on the same thing again and again . I enjoyed the first 3 volumes but these do n't cut it . Also , you ca n't fast forward thru the credits or FBI warnings -LRB- that appear with each cartoon . I was disappointed in this release .
 Thank God for Instant streaming Nflix , otherwise I would never rent this even if I was paid , the nudity does n't make for a plot.The Subtitles do n't match the dubbed English Dialogue -LRB- Italian Film , no Surprise right ? -RRB- The movie drags on despite nudity from the start -LRB- the distribution co apparently runs the credit with nudity -RRB- . A waste of time .
 I was hoping for something satanic , you know , ritualish . This movie attempts to portray a deep drama with dark overtones . When you consider that it 's Italian with English subtitles , that 's a pretty hopeless mission . Oh , and the nudity hardly registers . Quality and delivery time were good - a few days .
 The first hint that this movie may not be all it 's cracked up to be is the fact that the cover art for the DVD is not taken from the film . That , and I 'll eat my hat if the model on the cover is Rita Calderoni . The point is that Redemption films is trying to be a little sneaky here , and I do n't know why they feel they should . The movie is what it is , and it 's going to have its fans as well as those who think the whole thing is goofy crap , but the cover is n't going to move anyone from one camp to the other . The only reason for substituting the cover image is to fool someone into buying it who might be turned off by film stills that are obviously from a 1970 's film.Not much of a plot here , but that 's probably secondary . Two travelers , a man and a woman who previously did not know each other , find themselves prisoners of a demonic force inhabiting an ancient castle after experiencing a car wreck on a nearby road . While confined , they meet doubles of themselves , doubles who have none of the inhibitions of their originals . Exactly why these doubles exist , or what the motives are behind the mysterious man who embodies the supernatural force are never really explained . The motives of the director are pretty plain though ; to squeeze in as much nudity and orgiastic behavior as possible.I 've never been especially keen on artsy-porn , ala Jess Franco , although admittedly I 've not seen enough of it to completely write off the genre . Still , that 's what Nude for Satan most reminds me of , and it did n't work for me this time . Rita Calderoni is certainly attractive enough to look at for the duration of the film , with or without her clothes , so the movie has that going for it , but otherwise , there 's very little to cover the story 's nakedness . Evidently there is another version of this film , a hardcore XXX version which used body doubles for the main characters . I can actually see more reasons for that version than this one , due to the paperthin plot . In fact , now that I think about it , the edited version does in fact look exactly like a porn film with all the porn removed , albeit with the nudity left in.Two stars for the attractive Rita Calderoni , Iolanda Mascitti , and Barbara Lay . And that 's about it .
 This movie was the worst movie i have ever seen by far ! Not only were the camera angles and shots boring and annoying , but the '' story line '' was as intresting as licking dirt . These european women need to gain a bit of weight , i have never seen such scurvy looking women in my life . This movie is not worth a nickel .
 I purchased this the other day from AMAZON & I have just sold it on Half.com for $ 10 . There is NOTHING cool or atmospheric about this film . I can safely say it is the worst film I have ever seen . It is boring , crudely made , the guys they showed naked are not even cute . It should be sold for $ .99 .
 After the Feature preview I thought I was in for a pretty good `` b '' movie ... WRONG , after the well filmed preview it was obvious that this one minute segment cost alot more to make than the entire movie . Terrible translation for the captioning , horrid special effects and where were the vampires that the cover and preview suggest ? Skip this one and move up ten steps to `` ANY '' other cheap `` b '' movie .
 This is a staple of late , late night TV in Sydney . Whilst it 's probably intended to be a cross between horror and soft porn , it 's soooo bad that I 've just about split my sides laughing each time I 've seen it . It 's a hoot !!
 `` Nude for Satan '' is a minor Italian sexploitation/horror rarity from the 70 's with the emphasis much more on sex than horror .
 This is one exploitation that has no story ; or the story is so hard to follow that it is incomprehensible . Rita Calderone is gorgeous , but other than that - this movie is thumbs down .
 The movie was boring , slow paced , unrealistic , stupid , and a total waste of time and money ... and those were it 's good points .
 This is a failing story . Nude sense and scenes are not applicable . Satan is not powerfully defined against the conventional religion.At any stage , the story is not convinving . A boring movie .
 How anyone could rate this debacle above one star is beyond me . First of all , this is not the Grateful Dead that you hear playing all your favorite songs . This is a sad and withered remnant of the once great band . I love the Grateful Dead so I decided to buy this box set hoping that , although the shows are from the early 90s , that the band could still rock . Unfortunatly , I was wrong . Their playing is awful . Its sparse and sprinkled with lame synth garbage with whatever keys player they dredged up this time , it really does n't matter who . They play such classics -LRB- hint
 i have this same movie on three other collections and it 's so good that i forgot about it , and bought this one ! really thats what happened , so remember i may be slow . two of my three look better than this one , and they have more movies on them . really check out some of the collections out there and you 'll find better prints of this movie .
 This cheapie Monogram flick produced by Sam -LRB- `` Never lost a buck because he never spent a buck '' -RRB- Katzman looks like it was written by script writers bombed out of their minds on cheap whiskey . This is not Lugosi 's worst film -LRB- Ed Wood was yet to come along -RRB- but it probably comes close . Make sure you 're a little intoxicated while watching this , it may heighten your enjoyment . Or you can go on a tremendous ego trip , snickering and sneering at every turn of the plot . 11/2 stars .
 The only thing that saves this effort from a one-star rating is its enjoyable silliness , which is pretty extreme even for poverty row Forties horror flicks . This time , Bela Lugosi is `` Dr. Brewster '' -LRB- yet another Anglo-Saxon name for the exotic Hungarian ! -RRB- , whose unholy experiments with apes have given him a face-encircling beard , a slouching gait , and a tendency to sleep in a cage with his pet gorilla . He needs fresh spinal fluid -LRB- human only , please -RRB- to restore him to normal , so many complications ensue . His only ally is his sympathetic sister -LRB- Minerva Urecal -RRB- , who addresses him as `` you poor boy ! '' -LRB- Lugosi was about 60 at the time . -RRB- The film was aparently not even intended to be taken seriously , which is its one small saving grace . Even Lugosi is not as charismatic as usual .
 That 's the warning Dr. James Brewster 's medical colleague gives Brewster 's sister - - a ghost-hunting psychic - - before she sees Brewster changed into the Ape Man . It 's also a warning for us . This is not one of Lugosi 's better films . It 's barely a step up from what he did with Ed Wood . But in one scene Lugosi evokes more pity than anything in Dracula.Brewster -LRB- the filmmakers should have changed the character 's name when they got Lugosi to play the part -RRB- injects himself with serum from living victims ' spinal columns . -LRB- I saw the movie two days ago and I 've already forgotten why he needs it . -RRB- We watch Bela Lugosi , by this time fighting drug addiction in real life , shoot up . Then , even through bad monkey makeup , we see the shame and horror on his face as he realizes what he has become . `` I ca n't fight it , '' he says.There 's one other interesting thing in the movie . Low-budget pictures made during World War II dealt more explicitly with the fact of men going off to fight than ostensibly better movies with bigger stars . In Holiday Inn -LRB- 1942 -RRB- everyone wears dinner clothes and dances and drinks champagne on the Broadway Homefront , while in The Ape Man -LRB- 1943 -RRB- the clich&eacute; girl photog razzes the clich&eacute; cynical reporter about being 4-F -LRB- in one month he 'll be Seaman Cyncial Reporter and kick Tojo 's butt -RRB- . The last scene makes it clear the producers had no respect for themselves or their audience . Most of the movie is unspeakably bad . But if you get a chance , watch the first half hour to see one truthful moment with Bela Lugosi .
 Bela Lugosi makes the most of this Monogram Pictures mediocrity , directed by the immortal William `` One Shot '' Beaudine . `` The Ape Man '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- remains a silly attempt at tragic horror , but Lugosi shines in the shabbiest of surroundings . There are worse ways to spend 64 minutes . Interestingly enough , Bela 's apelike makeup is similar to the Sayer of the Law in `` Island of Lost Souls '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- .
 I 'm a sucker for cheap Poverty Row horror movies from the late 30s/early 40 's , and this is a gem of the genre . These movies exist in a weird internal logic all their own , where it makes perfect sense for scientists to turn themselves into an ape , find out they really do n't like being an ape , and then go on a reverse-serum-searching snipe hunt/murder spree , with another ape in tow . You can really see the influence these movies had on Ed Wood.All the other fixtures of the format are here
 Quick word association . What spings to mind when you hear `` The Ape Man '' ? Didja think Bigfoot ? The neanderthal from the Geico commercials ? How about the fallen stars of Bela Lugosi and Wallace Ford on full display , preserved for posterity ? Because that is exactly what the appeal of this film boils down to . See the great Count reduced to knuckledragging around in furry makeup . Squirm uncomfortably as he digs the needle into his vein . Bela has such an irrepressible * presence * that even his lesser works are worth at least a look . And a depressed sigh . The print used seems to have been run over by a cement truck . And possibly drug behind it . The sound is so lousy that about half the dialogue is unintelligable . Perhaps , dear readers , that 's for the best ... just mute the television and imagine your own story to go along with the images . Chances are , you 'll do a better job .
 Here we have the local mad-scientist and gland expert -LRB- Bela Lugosi -RRB- working in his basement lab on his latest project . It seems while doing the usual mad-scientist thing of tampering in God 's domain , he injected himself with some vaguely defined ape fluid . The ape stuff had some very unfortunate side-effects . Bela now goes around all hunched over , and wearing whiskers and a wig -LRB- both very phony -RRB- . He swings his arms as he walks and mingles words with occasional grunts . Tragically , the only way he can stand upright as a man is to take injections of human spinal fluid . The only way to get human spinal fluid is to render humans inanimate -LRB- i.e. , dead -RRB- . The beneficial effect of the injections has become distressingly temporary ; it does n't last long enough for Bela to get rid of the whiskers and wig . Bela has taken to sleeping in the same cramped cage as Mr. Gorilla , his lab animal companion . The sexual overtones of this we wo n't even discuss.This low-budget thriller is a good example of bad acting and unintended laughs . Bela Lugosi made some truly classic horror films , but this clunker is n't one of them . Lugosi and his gorilla pal lurking in doorways and alleys remind one of a simian version of Abbott and Costello . Bela is tall and slender while Mr. Gorilla is short and chubby . The snappy dialogue of the newspaper people is meant to be witty , but gets tiresome instead . The WWII jokes hopelessly date the film . The mysterious skinny guy wearing the goofy hat is a silly plot-twist gimmick that emphasizes the poor quality of the story . It 's possible that dedicated Bela Lugosi fans or die-hard fans of old horror movies will find value in this movie . The recommended way for anyone else to view this movie is to use it as a `` so dumb it 's funny '' party tape . Just be sure there has been sufficient imbibing of your favorite beverage to dull the senses .
 The comedy CLEAN SLATE runs hot and cold . Its director , Mick Jackson , has made at least one gem -LRB- L.A. STORY -RRB- and one dog -LRB- THE BODYGUARD -RRB- , and he 's between those extremes this time around . CLEAN SLATE 's worth a try on television as opposed to buying or renting.CLEAN SLATE 's imaginative premise involves the plight of lead actor Dana Carvey , who does n't remember anything previous to his last night 's sleep . Before we even get to know his character , the film rushes into the story of the daily amnesia attacks , one reason it took me some time to start enjoying the film . Further , several weak plot devices and too many one-note characters strain the credibility of CLEAN SLATE 's otherwise fun , clever story.While its jokes hit or miss , CLEAN SLATE does not waste the comic talents of `` Saturday Night Live '' funnyman Carvey . However , it is lead actress Valeria Golino who , playing the friend Carvey may not be able to trust , carries the film . She certainly has the advantage of playing CLEAN SLATE 's only three-dimensional role.CLEAN SLATE ai n't bad . With some rewriting here and some editing there , it could have been even better .
 This movie was probably the biggest bomb of 1994 . It 's a real shame too as it has some talent in it 's ranks like James Earl Jones , Dana Carvey , and Kevin Pollak . However , this was very unfunny . Mind you my heart really was n't into this movie anyway as I had a rejection the night before I saw this , so I could n't focus into the movie , but there really was n't anything to focus into here . It 's about a guy who has amnesia whenever he goes to sleep , and he ends up witnessing a murder ... what 's so funny about that ? I honestly feel that this is one of the worst if not `` THE '' worst movie ever made . This was even worse than `` Ishtar '' folks . I do n't have any desire to see this again , and I wo n't own it either . Like I said this was the biggest bomb of 1994 .
 First of all , this review refers to ONLY the Madacy collection of Chaplin films . It appears on some pages for Image DVDs that were restored by David Shepherd . I like the Image dvds , and this is not about those . This is about the crummy Madacy videos.Madacy video has some nerve . They provide transfers from the lowest quality materials known , record their tapes in the worst possible -LRB- i.e. cheapest -RRB- mode , use canned music from jazz records that are irrelevant to the movies being shown , show films at odd speeds , leave out many of the cue cards , and copy films restored by other companies -LRB- legal , but rather unethical -RRB- . And yet - this is the ONLY place on video to find many of these films easily , other than from Grapevine Video . This is certainly the only collection you will find in the stores that has some of these films.That 's why this collection gets more than one star . If anybody else had this material in better quality , then it would get no stars at all . But , since nobody seems to feel that the earliest Chaplin material is worth restoring and presenting to the public , it will remain available only in crummy dupes on crummy tape , such as this set.This set , therefore , functions only as a stop-gap .
 This 2-disc , 18-film collection of Chaplin shorts is a mixed bag that has been garnering equally mixed reviews . Consisting of 12 Keystones , 5 Essanays , and one promotional short , this ragtag assortment may appeal to Chaplin completists who can tolerate the substandard quality of the prints utilized . But for consumers who simply want to sit back and enjoy some funny films , there are much better collections to choose from.Here 's a brief rundown of the titles included in this set : Disc OneCHARLOT , GARCON DE THEATRE -LRB- Original title
 Do n't buy this DVD . Poor image quality and terrible soundtrack . Cheap , but you get what you pay for . For good quality Chaplin silent films on DVD , buy The Chaplin Mutuals , Vol . 1 , 2 , 3 , published by Image .
 Please Note
 I bought this at Future Shop and was debating for about 15 minutes whether to buy it or not when I saw that it was released by Madacy Entertainment . But stupid me , I gave in and bought it . What a waste . Almost half the films are blurry and jumpy . In one film , you could not read the title cards ; the wording was faded . Very bad . Luckily , I paid less for this junk at Future Shop so I 'm only out 16.99 . I 'll invest in some better Chaplin collection in the future . Stay away from Madacy Entertainment and Reel Values Triple Feature series -LRB- another bad one -RRB- .
 First of all , this review is only for the Madacy dvd set `` The Chaplin Collection '' . Wow , is this bad . You get 18 short films , all in incredibly terrible quality , with music that has nothing to do with the films or the era in which they were made . I can not overstate how bad the quality of these films is . Recreation is actually unwatchable , it appears that somebody spilled their milkshake on the poor-quality 8mm film dub that they had , then put it on dvd anyways.All the films are missing portions of their footage , some to the point that they are meaningless.But it gets worse , because Madacy has given us a biography - two whole paragraphs . The description on the box is longer than the biography on the dvds ! -LRB- My favorite bit of mis-information is that Chaplin started acting at age 9 with a dog-dancing group . It 's called clog-dancing . Why the heck would Chaplin , who was human -LSB- although it 's hard to tell from some of these prints -RSB- be dancing on stage with dogs ? -RRB- And there is also a trivia feature ! Five whole questions , perfect for those who understand broken english and completely inaccurate trivia . -LRB- It states that Chaplin made 27 films - that is true , but he made many more after that ! -RRB- But the best part is that Madacy , after having put next to no effort into getting good copies of these films , puts on several chunks of high-tech computer animation beforehand , giving us their logo and presenting them as a worthy group to patronize!This set may be cheap initially , but the you will end up paying much more in trips to the eye-doctor and therapist . Do n't buy it . It 's not worth it . Not even if you are desperate .
 I have not and will not been able to view this movie because it 's on a European format . In fact it was shipped from Belgium . It was not clear on the product information that it was a foreign format . Basically I 've wasted my money .
 I watched this film on a video for academy award consideration . Even for free I would n't watch it . I was ready to shut it off after ten minutes , but I love movies and am extremely adept at suspending disbelief and will give anything a chance . BUT , after 40 minutes I could n't take anymore . Adam Sandler did a wonderful job of portraying a pathetic psychopath.However , you could not feel any sympathy for him as the character development in this film for any of the sub-characters is completely non-existent . This is a common complaint from snobs about soap opera -LRB- And I agree ! -RRB- however , at least soap opera is intended to entertain and it does . It 's just that no one expects it to be art . The critics that are raving over this film need to go back and re-read `` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' If there was ever a prime example , this is it . I spent no money and sat in my sweats and I still want my 40 minutes back !
 I saw this in a packed theater . We all got suckered . I was stuck in the middle seat of my aisle and could n't escape . I dreaded every minute .
 I have never been as confused by a movie in my life . It made absolutely no sense and was not funny in the least . Maybe the humor was over my head , but I was unable to focus on anything because of the random plot changes and also random interludes filled with colors splashing together . I was never sure why those were even involved in the movie . Adam Sandler does do a good job of acting in the movie , but unfortuately his acting does not make the movie worth seeing at all . I would suggest avoiding this movie at all costs ! I only gave it one star because their was no Zero Stars on the pull down menu . Do not pay money to see this movie .
 Sure Adam Sandler is okay is a different role than people are used to seeing him in , and yes , there are a few funny scenes with likeable characters . That is why I am giving this movie two stars rather than 1 -LRB- or 0 -RRB- that I thought it deserved . How can people say this picture makes you feel good ? It is really sad to see a person like the main character suffer so severely for making seemingly small mistakes . Just because he calls a `` phone sex '' place , he is blackmailed -LRB- and worse -RRB- . There was very little justice for what he endured , and even though he gets himself together to make an impression on a woman , the fact that she could n't tell what a mess he is does n't speak highly of her . I thought this was a poorly presented story with pitiful personas in a terrible and dangerous setting . Maybe that is life in `` the big city , '' but it sure is n't my idea of pleasurable movie viewing . Finally , what 's with the occasional burst of colors flashing on the screen to poorly `` fuse '' or `` mingle '' the scenes together ? Did the director actually think this was a clever way to combine different scenes smoothly ? I only wish I could have felt satisfied after seeing this movie , but I felt like I needed to rent one of the classic romances like IT HAPPENED ONE NIGHT or even modern movies like SLEEPLESS IN SEATLE that have moments of drama and comedy leading up to a romantic storyline , not the harsh realities found in an inner city with emotionally disturbed people !
 This movie was the worst experience I have ever had in my life . Please do not spend any money to see this movie . You will surely regret it for all of your days .
 The people in front of us walked out . We stayed to the bitter , and I do mean bitter end , hoping -LRB- as Adam Sandler fans would -RRB- that it HAD to get better . This movie is advertised as having `` black humor '' but it had no humor with the exception of a few chuckles here and there AND the plot was dreadful ... utterly stupid.I felt the same way when I watched Mulholland Drive ... and my husband said he felt the same way watching Sleepy Hollow . If there was a zero rating -- I would give it that .
 Adam Sandler plays a painfully shy man who has extreme fits of violent anger and has to deal with 7 sisters constantly interferring with his life . He calls a phone sex line one evening and is then hounded by the man running the service . This takes place the same time he meets a woman who likes him despite his oddities.The sad thing is I think there is probably a sweet , poignant love story in this film but it 's buried in a morass of pointless scenes and a discordant soundtrack that is sometimes so loud it nearly drowns out the dialog . There is no reason shown why Emily Watson would fall in love with Sandler . It 's really just one strange scene after another that in the end is dull and left me wishing I 'd rented another movie .
 Adam Sandler does a good job of playing a deeply repressed individual who is prone to bouts of violence and crying jags . Unfortunately , this is not funny . The voluptuous Emily Watson portrays a seemingly nice and normal woman who is inexplicably attracted to this pathetically pathetic individual . -LRB- see the recurring theme here ? -RRB- The filmmakers seem to be shooting for some kind of Coen-esque story line , but what one gets is a confused mish-mash of scenes that never really come together , yet nevertheless culminate in a Hollywood ending that tells us `` Since he 's found love , all the neuroses , denial and depression he 's spent a lifetime accumulating will now magically go away '' . Who really cares , anyway?I want my $ and two hours back .
 My husband and I made it through about 20 mins . of this movie . I knew that it was n't going to be the usual Adam Sandler movie , but this was just ridiculous . It was so boring and did n't seem to get to a point . I could n't care or even be curious about any of the characters in the film . Maybe there is some hidden meaning that I just did n't see , but I 'm not going to watch it again to find out ! Rent it or get it from the library , it 's not worth buying .
 Possibly the worst movie of 2002 - sadly , featuring a talented , entertaining group of actors . All who watched it should be paid handsomely for those minutes of our lives.Works off a silly concept that is further undermined by a less forgivable execution
 This movie was terrible . I understand that Sandler wasnt trying to be funny in this one , but it made absolutely no sense . It kind of reminded me of a Cheech and Chong flick when they justad libbed an entire movie . Dont bother .
 As my date and I walked out of the theater at the end of this film , I turned to her and said , `` I bet there are dozens of couples tonight , mostly undergrad would-be filmmakers , who are turning to each other pretending to like this movie because they 're afraid if their date will think they 're shallow if they tell the truth . '' Dont ' be afraid -- this would be a fine student film , and Adam Sandler 's performance makes the most of a lousy script , but the film is boring and repulsive -- often at the same time . Characters are cardboard cut-outs given little if any motivation for what they do , and they do n't interact or relate with each other so much as they seem to be independently following poorly-conceived directions . This is n't an `` artsy-fartsy '' film -- it 's just a brain fart on film . Do n't waste your money , and * definitely * do n't bring a date -- mine -LRB- who is an intelligent viewer and an English professor who almost never abandons a story once she 's started it -RRB- nearly walked out of the film at least twice .
 Sorry folks this movie kinda stinks . I love love love Adam Sandler but this was a bad choice for him . Watch Reign Over Me if you want to see him on the more serious side . He 's great in that !
 This was the worst Adam Sandler movie ever . It was stupid and has absolutely no point .
 that this is anything other than a complete waste of celluloid and time , I pity you , because you are an idiot .
 As a result of excellent reviews from the critics , my friends and I saw this bomb . If you have seen even a 10 minute snippet of any Adam Sandler movie , you have seen this movie . If you enjoy debasement , poorly controlled anger and juvenile behavior , this is the movie for you . If not , find something else ... anything else .
 I rented this movie with an open mind . Sure , Adam Sandler is responsible for some of the dumbest comedies of recent times ; but he 's also done some very good ones - THE WEDDING SINGER , ANGER MANAGEMENT & 50 FIRST DATES as a case in point . Then there 's the Rob Schneider comedies Sandler co-produced . And admittedly THE WATERBOY & HAPPY GILMORE were stupid but still reasonably enjoyable - plus there was the added incentive of ogling Fairuza Balk and Julie Bowen . - here we have Emily Watson but ... . More on that later.I also had high expectations for the movie when I saw Paul Thomas Anderson 's name on the credits as director . BOOGIE NIGHTS was excellent and MAGNOLIA was very good -LRB- if half an hour overlong -RRB- . Anderson managed to elicit a brilliant performance from Tom Cruise , and the climax with the plague of raining frogs ranks in my opinion as one of the coolest moments in recent cinema . Ingenious.Now Anderson has given the world PUNCH DRUNK LOVE . What can I say , except when I subjected myself to PUNCH DRUNK LOVE I was STONE COLD SOBER.Sandler plays Barry Egen ; a nave , shy , sheltered young man whose life is dominated by his seven highly dysfunctional sisters who would drive any guy mad . Even Ron Jeremy and Randy West would be struggling to crawl out from under them , giving a frenetic `` time-out '' sign . Folks , this is The Brady Bunch as envisaged by Robert Crumb , with artistic pretension substituting for the laughs.At heart a kind , but lost and lonely soul , Barry has previously looked for companionship by calling phone sex hotlines - the women in question taking full advantage of his naivety and conning him into giving them his personal details and social security number , ending with Barry willingly allowing money to be extorted from him . Poor schmuck.But one day while working his dead-end warehouse job Barry finds himself struck by Cupid 's Arrow when he lays eyes on the lovely Lena Leonard -LRB- played by the incredibly cute Emily Watson , who sadly is utterly wasted here -RRB- . It turns out for some reason that Lena likes him a lot too , but the socially awkward Barry does n't know how to build on their attraction . In time they have their first date and slowly but surely ; love blossoms.Now , I 'll admit that I do n't mind the occasional love story if there 's a good story or an interesting angle to it -LRB- e.g.
 I am a big Adam Sandler fan but , this was n't a favorite of mine . Watched the whole movie and then I wondered why . I understand what was being protrayed ... it was just a long and boring way to do it . Was very sorry I bought this movie . Big waste of $ 15.00 . Have loaned it out to other and they have all had the same reaction to this movie . Good luck if you buy it .
 The ridiculous art of `` black comedy '' is noticed within this movie . Yes , Adam Sandler can act , that is the only positive attribute of this motion picture . Comedy can have many sides , but the side seen here is dumbing to the mind and soul as Sandler 's character finds himself in ludicrous sitations and making idiotic statements to back himself up . NOT a good buy , find another comedy so as not to waste your time .
 This DVD is one of very few that has RCE -LRB- Region Code Enhanced -RRB- . It 's an advanced form of region locking . It WILL NOT work on multi-region DVD 's . From Wiki : Also known as just `` RCE '' or `` REA '' , -LSB- 4 -RSB- this was a retroactive attempt to prevent the playing of one region 's discs in another region , even if the disc was played in a region free player . The scheme was deployed on only a handful of discs . The disc contained the main program material region coded as region 1 . But it also contained a short video loop of a map of the world showing the regions , which was coded as region 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 . The intention was that when the disc was played in a non-region 1 player , the player would default to playing the material for its native region . This played the aforementioned video loop of a map , which was impossible to escape from , as the user controls were disabled .
 My title pretty much sums it up , & yes I read the reviews . Adam is one of my all time faves & I am a loyal fan , but this was a waste of mine & Adams time . I agree w others he is talented & puts a different spin on things & pulls it off , I even appreciate that this is based on a true story & completely understand ` Art Appreciation ' I love u Adam , will u marry me ?! Just plz stick to the Adam we all grown to love unless u do something like u did in Reign over me . xoxoxox
 It just seemed like the director was trying to make some artsy-fartsy movie and failed .
 I rented this because I like Adam Sandler and i thought i would be funny . It was not funny at all . In fact , it was so not funny that i was tramitized by the unfunnyness and i will never be the same .
 I 'm a bit surprised by the viciousness by some of the fans of this movie to those who did not like it . Evidently you ca n't be a fan of this director 's work and still not care for one of his movie . Shame , there.Punch-Drunk Love has some good moments in it , but left my wife and I thinking that the film was made before the script was truly realized . Points to Sandler for wanting to break-out of his comedic persona to try something different , and at times he really is good in this film . Unfortunately the script lets him down , as his character never goes beyond being a cardboard stereotype of a hyperactive loser . To have Watson 's character want to stay with him makes little sense ; and the audience we saw it with left the theater asking themselves why these characters were together when there was never any indication why she would stay with him after his actions in the film -LRB- except that the film 's creators wanted them to be together -RRB- . Simply a case of a movie where the people behind the camera being unable to allow the story be told on the screen , and had to force characters into unnatural actions in order to make their point.Ultimately , the movie is not bad or horrible , just lazy and a misstep . Good luck to all in the future , though , and it was nice to see Sandler trying to branch out .
 I like Adam Sandler , but I did n't like or `` get '' this movie 's point at all . Forewarning
 yeah , i have to lower down my wits to appreciate the shallow depth of this film , so pretentiously trying to be very philosophically deep . a portrayal of modern day ulysisism , loneliness , emptyness , void , loss , stress ... blahblahblah , whatever you like to throw into this senseless film , and you have to say you understand it , appreciate it , deeply moved , wow , so meaningful , so ... well , maybe i got no wits or totally clueless , but this movie obviously lost me . like attending a party , all the people around talking deep , but you just ca n't understand what they are talking about , and what 's the purpose of trying to talk shallow thoughts with a philosophic attitude . you just keep nodding your head to show that you are totally agree to what they are saying , but deep down you just know they are all but crap . there is actually no weapons of mass destruction , but who gives the ... , what 've done is already done .
 Sure , it 's deep , imagery is wild , amusing at times . But it just is n't entertaining , and unless you like `` weird '' movies that really have no rhyme or reason -LRB- those are most independent film fans -RRB- this just is n't very entertaining . A movie most will forget the next day , and NO I do n't care for the average Hollywood movie fodder either . It 's reality , but we watch movies to escape reality - they warned me at the movie store , and after seeing it , and understanding it - I just did n't enjoy it . It 's one I 'm glad I did n't spend $ ... to see in a theater . As you 'll see by the reviews , you 'll either really dig it , or hate it . I thought it was just weird .
 I think this movie deserves two stars because some of the cinematography is wonderful and because the soundtrack is great and effective . Unfortunately , the movie lacks in character motivation , script , and plot in general . This fits in with so many so-called art films I 've seen that seem to be little more than average stories with a few superficial character quirks thrown in .
 I hated this movie . When we were done with it , my friend and I were both like , `` What did we just watch ? '' PT Anderson dropped the ball on this one - he tried to be too arty with the minutes of nothing but colour splotches on the screen and he did n't pull it off . It made for a disjointed movie , with a weak script . The acting was fine , but Sandler and company really did n't have a lot to work with as far as a script was concerned , and the whole thing just comes off as pretentious and mired in its own self-importance . In all , this movie was a total drag to sit through and it 's a definite low-point in Anderson 's otherwise magnificent canon .
 Within the first few minutes of the show , I suspected that PUNCH-DRUNK LOVE might prove problematic . As when Adam Sandler 's character Barry Egan is watching two vehicles drive towards him down a city street . One of them continues past him and off screen -LRB- never to be seen again -RRB- after being blown onto its side by an explosion coming from underneath . The second vehicle , a van , stops opposite Barry only long enough for someone inside to open the sliding door and deposit a harmonium - a midget organ - onto the pavement . Neither event is ever explained.Egan owns a business that sells promotional items - you know , the junk on which you can have your name or that of your firm imprinted . He apparently has no success meeting women and is harassed by seven sisters , who are either trying to fix him up with a nice girl or asking him if he 's gay . His current obsession is to collect enough bar codes from containers of a major brand of pudding to qualify for a million frequent flyer miles . -LRB- He 's discovered a loophole in the giveaway 's rules that allows him to do this with minimal expense at a 99 store . -RRB- His life is further complicated when he makes his first call to a phone sex service , and is subsequently blackmailed by the service 's operators . Furthermore , Barry harbors a repressed rage that occasionally reveals itself through violently destructive behavior , as when he tears apart a restaurant bathroom , or smashes a brother-in-law 's sliding glass doors . And what 's with that edgy , bright blue suit he wears from the first scene to the last?Not since MULHOLLAND DRIVE have I seen a film so bizarre and unpredictable as PUNCH-DRUNK LOVE . I enjoyed the former because I thought I perceived the message it was trying to convey . -LRB- I must have been more mellow that evening . -RRB- The latter just left me fidgeting in my seat , especially during the first third or so when the music -LRB- ? -RRB- soundtrack was barely more than a discordant cacophony of sounds , produced by the All-Chimpanzee band , that set my teeth on edge . My wife liked the movie very much , saying the message was that love can better a person . -LRB- Typical female viewpoint ! -RRB- Well , maybe , if you squint real hard . In this case , Barry is perhaps changed by his love for Lena -LRB- Emily Watson -RRB- , one of his sister 's friends . Not only is Lena attracted to him for some reason that eluded me , but she herself remained a cipher , although there were hints of mental hairline fractures that perhaps made her Barry 's perfect match . -LRB- My guess is that the two were more apt to join into a single , cataclysmic , mutually assisted meltdown . -RRB- PUNCH-DRUNK LOVE is certainly `` different '' , and there are some good visuals . However , call me an old fuddyduddy if you will , but I found the film , peopled with characters that are unattractive at worst and indifferent at best , ultimately unentertaining - if not downright irritating .
 I saw this movie when it was originally released and have to say that may thoughts of it have not gotten any better in that time . I had high hopes for it going in and kept waiting for that moment when I would feel that my money had not been wasted . The moment never came . This was an awful movie . Boring dialog , uninteresting characters , painfully slow pacing . This is really no different than any of the other movies Paul Thomas Anderson has written and directed . This is the worst of the big 3 but they are all highly overrated .
 Let me begin by saying that I was extremely excited to see this film seeing as PTA 's Magnolia is a personal favorite . So I went into it expecting a film that had a lot to say and had brilliant characters . This film is nothing like Magnolia , and I was very disappointed . I watched just about one hour , and that was enough to annoy me thoroughly . The check out associate at Blockbuster warned me as I was renting this that movie stunk . I politely shruggled off her warning , writing her off as just a young teenager and probably watched it just because it had Adam Sandler in it . I should have taken her advice , because whatever her reasoning , this movie -LSB- stunk -RSB- . All or most of the characters in the movie are very annoying , especially Sandler 's seven sisters . I realize it was an attempt to be humorous , but from the very start of it they just annoy the hell out of the viewer . You can certainly see why Sandler 's character is such a nutcase . I could elaborate more on the sisters , but I wo n't . While Magnolia had lots of characters with different stories going on at the same time , this film is just a bunch of mixed up pieces that do n't make a bit of sense ... the dramatic car accident at the beginning ?? The piano ?? Maybe it would have all been tied together in the end , but there is nothing in this movie to make you want to stay with it that long.I will congradulate Sandler for being able to break his regular mold and be a serious actor in the movie . It is a shame that the movie itself and story could n't have been better , his talent was really wasted . Hopefully someone else will give him a chance in a future film . Emily Watson on the other hand , besides what I hear about her being a great British actress , she is an awfully ugly woman . She looked to old for Sandler , she was n't anything to look at on screen , and as far as I 'm concerned , she can stay with film in the UK.Although there are pleanty of thoughtful revelations in Magnolia , things that make you really think about life , there is no moments like this in PDL . Nothing in the film seems to mean anything at all . The only things I thought was brilliant was Sandler 's scheme to get millions of flyer miles off the pudding cups . They made it out to be crazy in the previews and in the film , but honestly , it is a genius concept.Final wrap-up , stay away from this film . It was a waste of studio money , acting talent , and it will be a waste of your time too .
 This film is a pretentious mess . It is full of obscure arty little distractions that make no sense and get no explanation as to their relevance to the plot . Adam Sandler is his usual terrible self ; he 's not funny in comedies , nor is he convincing in a ` drama ' , if that 's what you can call this . Even the pace , the feel , and the warmth of the film changes abruptly from scene to scene as though the director could n't make up his mind what kind of film he was making . What he ended up making is one of the worst films I 've ever seen .
 Barry Egan is an emotional mess , inexplicably prone to violence and panic attacks . Is n't life unpredictable?Barry has seven sisters who , perhaps , have caused some of the psychic damage in him . Or maybe not . But they sure are noisy when all in the same place . Is n't life a pain in the ass with family-of-origin ? Barry might have some form of autism -- colors are brighter , noises are more distracting . Or the perhaps the director wants us to simply be disoriented by a lot of off-kilter percussion for more existential reasons . Is n't life more interesting with artistic amplification of our senses?Barry sometimes imagines himself working by himself in his isolated office . Is n't life lonely?Barry actually runs a business with lots of employees out of a warehouse and nobody seems to know what is going on -LRB- neither the audience nor the characters -RRB- . Is n't life chaotic and funny?A memory of a car crash and a truck nearly runs into an initially non-reactive Barry on the street in front of his `` business '' . Upon further mental processing , he scurries to the safety of his warehouse office . Is n't life scary?A phone sex entrepreneur likes to blackmail customers because they are sinning . Is n't life ironic , populated with hypocrites?A harmonium is dumped off in the street by Barry 's business , for no particular reason . Is n't life random?A relatively nice , well meaning sister of Barry 's tries to get a friend of hers to have interest in her unusual brother . This friend shows up in his life at the same time the harmonium -LRB- how cute , a harbinger of harmony -RRB- does . Is n't life not-so-random ? Etc , etc , etc. ... And finally , in life , is n't there a soulmate for everyone?I 'd try to finish off this questionable review with some sort of coherency , but if the movie did n't bother , neither will I. Still , I hope these observations help you decide whether or not this is the sort of movie that might appeal to you . To each their own strange and unusual , this movie just did n't work for me . It 's neither strange enough , nor unusual enough nor romantic enough to elicit much more than a `` why bother ? '' rating from my perspective .
 Not worth much more of my time than to tell you this movie rates right up there among my Top Stinkers of all time . I 've only walked out of 2 movies in my life
 I feel so disappointed with this movie . It is like someone tried to stick together random scenes that went to different movies . There really was no need for the MANY sisters to even be in the story , the stupid car crash and piano at the beginning should have given me a clue as to just how horrible this movie was going to be . But it was Adam Sandler , so I gave it the benefit of the doubt and watched it all . I feel so mad that I 've wasted time in my life to watch this.It made no sense . It 's the normal `` he 's bad with women , then out of the blue pops in this girl that he instantly falls for and who likes him to '' ... But they add in odd things that really just confuse you , and make no sense . I think it was very poorly written , and ca n't believe it ever made it as far as letting people endure watching it . I own over 400 DVDs and have watched more movies than I care to count , and this is one of the few that is just so horrible and BORING that I 'd give anything to get that time back!I mean , it opens with a street where a car crashes , then some van drops a small piano on the street and takes off ... Adam Sandler then meets this girl , and then we meet his many many siblings , who really have nothing to do with the movie , except the 1 sister who sets him up ... he calls a 900 number and talks to some weird woman giving her ALL his personal info that in real life , nobody would ever be stupid enough to give out . But instead of that being the end of it and the movie progressing with the `` love '' story , the woman asks him for alot of money and when he says no her friends/family chase him down and beat the crap out of him and take the money . I really do n't think this part with the phone sex lady 's issues was needed in the movie either ... He finally gets mad at the end of the movie and you 're thinking , alright , finally something interesting is about to happen to make this movie worth sitting through ... but no , he barely lets out a yell , and the bad guy backs off like there 's no tomorrow . And to top it off , it has annoying red and blue tones throughout the entire movie . Very very disappointing movie . I would n't even recommend buying it if you 're a die hard Adam Sandler fan , it is THAT bad . I 've no doubt it would have never been made in the first place , let alone made ANY money if it did not star Adam Sandler . He should just stick to comedies , cause this was just a nasty film that never should have existed.Sorry to you that liked it , but I really ca n't begin to imagine how you could . It ranks along with `` Full Frontal '' . Which , if possible , was even worse than PDL . At least PDL was n't made with some guy walking around with a camera on his arm , looking like they went out back and video taped a movie ... pretty close to it though .
 I waited forever for this to come out on dvd because I was over seas when it came out and missed it . I really did n't miss anything . I LOVE Sandler and own all his movies , I bought this as soon as it came out today and was so disappointed I could n't believe it . If you like you 're typical sandler flicks like I do , do n't waste your money on this one , he did not write , produce or have anyhting to do with it other than acting in it . All in all It SUX !! SOrry to ever say that about a Sandler flick but this is just lame .
 This movie was a major disappointment coming from Paul Thomas Anderson . I loved Boogie Nights and Magnolia but this movie was really bad . I saw it at the theater with 5 other people and we all left scratching our heads and wanting our money back .
 Wow ... what a waste of Adam Sandler 's considerable talent . As a diehard Sandler fan , I can safely say that when I saw this ` film ' I decided it was time to stab my eyes out with a rusty fork . Fortunately , someone nearby took pity on me and turned the DVD player off , sparing me my sanity and my eyesight . Poor Sandler . This must have been a hard blow ; while he did great with what he was given for a script , the movie itself packed no PUNCH , blew chunks like a DRUNK , and I would LOVE to ask whoever 's idea that was , `` Just what in the hell were you thinking ?! How am I supposed to get that two wasted hours of my life back ?! ''
 Are you people nuts ? This movie was bloody mediocre at best , and P.T. Anderson is the most overrated filmmaker alive . He fancies himself an incredibly deep artiste , but Thomas Hardy he ai n't ; Magnolia , for the most part , had the depth of an afternoon soap opera and Punch Drunk Love is even worse . Granted , the guy has some visual flair , but he really needs to go the Martin Scorsese route and get other people to write his scripts for him . Punch Drunk Love is just further proof of how narratively and intellectually deficient his writing is . Some good ideas are wasted in a rambling collage of cinematic non sequitirs , and the harmonium representing Sandler 's character at last finding inner harmony -LRB- harmonium , harmony , get it ? -RRB- has to be the most trite metaphor I 've seen in a long time . P.T. Anderson , and Wes Anderson for that matter , need to learn that shallow quirkiness does not a great film make .
 As one of P. Thomas Anderson 's sturdiest sentinels , I went in to this film expecting greatness again . I 've always admired his writing style and grace . More than any director/writer in the 90 's P. Thomas Anderson has forged ahead and created films unmatched by almost any other director . However , the movie Punchdrunk Love is far more abysmal than I could have imagined . The film has all the elements of a REALLY bad idea
 I am usually a very positive person , and I love Adam Sandler , so I was excited to see `` Punch Drunk Love '' . The best part of the movie was the credits because I was finally able to tell myself that the pain and torture I had endured for the last 90 min was finally over . Everything about this movie -LSB- was bad -RSB- , and there were at least 20 or 30 events in the movie that had absolutely nothing to do with the film . This is a perfect example of why we need to get the drugs out of hollywood because anybody who approved the script was obviously high on something more then life . By all means rent this movie , or buy it of you would like to take a nice nap , but I would much rather see a KPBS special where the cast of the Power Rangers , Barney , and telletubbies get together to talk about crossing the street . I only gave this movie 1 star because there was no lower rating . had I been able to take away stars that other people gave , I would have done so .
 Going in to this picture , I had no specific baggage around Adam Sandler ; I figured if PT Anderson could get Tom Cruise to give a credible performance , as he did in Magnolia , he might get Sandler up to Laurence Olivier speed.Actually , I thought Sandler was game . The first third of the movie is quite effective . A harmonium appears out of nowhere . There 's a scene at a party -LRB- given by the Sandler character 's `` seven sisters '' -- a pun of some kind ? -RRB- where he has a breakdown and is very affecting . Ditto a scene in which Sandler talks to a phone-sex gal . Sandler 's seven sisters nag him , and we see that he is given to outbursts of violence . All of this is presented in the visually stunning way Anderson usually works , and it has magnificent potential.When the possibility of love presents itself , Sandler 's character begins to change . He stands up to his sisters , and to the phone-sex operator , who 's trying to extort money from him . This part of the film seemed unconvincing to me . Poor Emily Watson is given virtually no motivation for loving the protagonist . Many elements in the first half of the film -- Sandler 's penchant for collecting pudding , for example , his conflict with his sisters , his rages , and the harmonium -- are never fully incorporated into the plot . I suppose the film is supposed to be a testament to the transformative power of love , but I , for one , wished it had done so by similarly transforming its original elements , instead of forsaking them.Why did n't someone play that darn harmonium ?
 I was under the impression that the movie would have a case due to the picture of the case . It came in a burned cd holder ! The movie still works fine so it is n't that important but i would rather have it in a case .
 A movie which explores the absurdity of many art/independent films runs the risk of making the film itself absurd . The idea of casting A.S. as the lead may have been part of the joke but does n't work for a second . The lack of dialogue and the uninspired performances again push the limits of parody , making this seem like a foreign film that may be played over and over again as torture in your most dreaded afterlife , make their point quickly but again - the lack of humor makes this an exercize only in self torture . The lack of a screenplay -LRB- which may or may not be all improvised - it is n't known -RRB- also strangely creates a sense of the most pretentious art film but there 's no substance in the excercize - just a one-note joke . `` Plot points '' if you can call them that in this films show complete disregard for storytelling , a loss for story is also filled up with several minutes of color effects - apparently to get the movie to 90 minutes -LRB- the first time it did get some laughs , after that it gets old -RRB- . All in all it shows the humor in pretention but at the same time I think it could have been a 5 minute Saturday Night Live skit with a much stronger affect . Was P.T.A. making fun of bad art films or finding the humor in the classic ones ? A good joke should n't take an hour and a half . Skip it - or watch it while you 're doing chores or something . Paul Thomas Anderson is simply the most overrated and misplaced person in the film industry -LRB- Kevin Smith is a close 2nd but at least less money gets dumped into his projects -RRB- . A shame and a waste of film , time and energy when there are so many other artists out there struggling to have their voice be heard . Definitely one of the worst films I 've seen in my 34 years of watching movies . A classic example of why I get discouraged for the future of American film .
 They make you enter at least one star otherwise I would n't have given it any . It 's a sad state of affairs when a worthless movie like this is produced . I watched it twice just in case I missed something . I did n't . Loaned it to a friend who could n't stay awake for it . My son , an Adam Sandler fan , thought it grueling to watch . I do n't understand these other reviews . I suppose it 's either a love it or hate it type of movie . Frankly , I do n't think Adam Sandler is that powerful an actor that he can afford to make a movie like this that alienates so many viewers . He owes me my -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- rental fee back .
 This was supposed to be a two-disc special edition , but somehow I only ended up with one disc inside the box . I was bummed because I wanted to watch the special features .
 I found Punch Drunk Love to be too bizarre and random and ultimately it was just so boring . People keep saying what a great film this is and I just do n't understand that sentiment . I felt this was akin to staring at a blank wall for 2 hours . How is that entertaining ?
 It is amazing films of this sort get Green lit in Hollywood . It is a plodding bore that I would not recommend to anyone , very pretentious , so do n't waste your time unless you are convinced that you will like anything Paul Thomas Anderson might crank out .
 Everyone once in a while , I choose to rent movies that I have n't heard of before , out of curiosity , but I have to admit , I screen the actors ' names before , which gives me some sense of `` how bad can it be ? '' For example , I have yet to be dissapointed with a movie that I had n't heard before which had actors such as Julia Roberts , Susan Sarandon , Meg Ryan , Al pacino ... Until this one , Adam Sandler also fell in that category of `` if he chose to play it , it must be ok '' . WRONG !!!! I am a strong beleiver that actors should play different roles in their careers , but in this case , it looks like Adam Sandler 's thought process was merely to say `` I always do comedies , this is different , so yes I will do it . '' !! It 's one of those movies that you wait , and you wait , because you beleive there HAS to be something that will eventually make sense , and then it ends , and you are right where you started , NOWHERE !! To conclude , do n't rent it , loss of money , and more importantly , loss of time !!!
 Wow , this was actually worse than Lost In Translation ! Seriously , I watched this movie waiting and waiting and waiting for it to get better . It was one of those where you do n't ewant to turn it off because SOMETHING has to happen ... but , alas , it does n't . I recommend that you stay clear of this movie and get something with substance . I have never been so bored in all of my life . The saddest part of this movie was that I PAID to rent it .
 I was a fan of both Boogie Nights and Magnolia , finding much to admire about both films . However , with PDL , director P.T. Anderson appears to have just tried every crazy idea he could think of , abandoning things like plot and character development along the way . About the ONLY thing I admired about this new flick was that it was a different kind of role for Adam Sandler . His character was pretty insufferable though , with an unexplained rage that dominated several of his scenes . The bottom line is that the love affair was unconvincing , the plot developments unbelievable , and the story was uninteresting.In the past , Anderson 's films have featured various seemingly random events that were tied together in interesting ways . Here , many little and big things just happen that make no sense . Why did the car crash at the beginning ? Just Anderson 's attempt to shock us ? Would Sandler 's character actually carry a phone receiver in his hand all the way from L.A. to Provo , Utah ? How could he drive a car with it in his hand ? Was he mentally handicapped ? Judging from his expectation that he could get instant redemption on the Healthy Choice frequent flyer coupons , there must be something wrong upstairs . Why did the forklifts crash and the chair break ? Sorry attempts at slapstick ? And those are just 4 of a myriad of similar nonsensical happenings throught the movie.I will hesitate before I see another Anderson film after this disaster . I think he 's done an Oliver Stone &#150; that is , staying a critic 's darling while making unwatchable films .
 i just do n't get it . i thought this was terrible . it was boring , uncomprehendable , dull , slow paced . i was wondering if this movie was made as a joke . i watched it for less than 30 mins then left the room -LRB- was at a friend 's house -RRB- . adam sandler is not that attractive to look at . maybe if it had a handsome guy or beautiful girl in it i could have watched it more .
 How my ratings work :5 - I really liked/loved it4 - I liked it3 - Could 've been better/worth a look2 - Just did n't live up to the potential1 - Simply awfulI think Adam Sandler can do drama . I 've thought that since I watched the courtroom scene in Big Daddy . But this was just CRAP ! There is nothing provocative about this movie , it does n't even make sense . The acting is terrible , there is no chemistry between any of the actors -LRB- especially the leads Sandler and Emily Watson -RRB- . You ca n't believe for a second that the sisters are related . The usually great Phillip Seymour Hoffman is awful . And , what is up with the tiny piano ? That 's the one part of the fillm that makes absolutley no sense . Sandler 's character is just pathetic , and the way he lashes out , it 's almost impossible to feel sorry for him . The diologue seems forced . Paul Thomas Anderson is one of the most overrated filmmakers in film history . People seem to think that if it does n't make sense , but it has a known director , then it must be wonderful and provacative . IT 'S NOT !!! Do n't be stupid like other people , think and do n't be fooled by this tripe .
 I am a die-hard Adam Sandler fan , and have enjoyed every movie he has been in . This movie was the exception . Although Adam Sandler does a great job acting in a role far outside his normal adolescent humor , the movie itself can only be described as odd . The movie revolves around a cast of characters who all seem to suffer from some manner of mental abnormality , and as such it is hard to feel a connect with the plight of the characters . The plot involves a series of odd twists , again outside the realm of normal life . There are a few suspenseful moments in the movie , but much of the movie drags like a 50-ton weight . The worst part of the movie is the number of loose ends and oddities that are never explained . What was the point of the harmonium ? How could Adam 's character be a struggling small business owner , and yet have the money to senselessly purchase so much pudding ? How on earth could his girlfriend possibly enjoy being told ' I want to smash your face with a sledgehammer ' in an erotic way ? The movie can only be appreciated as some manner of abstract art , and not for it 's script , character development , plot , or cinematography . 5 stars to Adam Sandler for branching out into such a vastly different role , but 2 stars for the movie as a whole .
 This is the only Adam Sandler film I have sat through from beginning to end -LRB- I have seen SNL sketches and snippets of his work -RRB- , and the film is certainly interesting , though it is not as mind blowing as many critics said it was . I always felt there was a sadistic side to Sandler in a lot of his comedy , a love of being cruel and malicious to people . Granted , many comedians are very angry people , but Sandler seems to have a vicious streak in him 3000 miles wide , and this is brought to the fore in Punch Drunk Love . Sandler seems like he could lose it at any moment , with 7 annoying sisters and a horrid job . I think we 're supposed to find sympathy for Sandler , but we do n't , because he is n't really a nice guy , but a guy who lets people walk all over him , and seems poised to take revenge by going on a shooting spree . The film itself feels disjointed , and as many others have pointed out , one does n't believe when the Emily Watson character falls in love with Adam 's character . She 's relatively normal , and he is teetering on complete insanity . If she had been a tad more insane , it may have worked . Sandler 's performance , while good , was not Oscar worthy -LRB- as critics were screaming `` Oscar buzz ! Oscar buzz ! '' -RRB- . This is an OK film that is really kind of a mess . Sandler gets a point or two for trying something new , but it 's still not very good ...
 I know this film was supposed to come across as dramatic and artistic , but instead it was mostly rather boring . This was one movie in which fleshing out the background of the characters , and espcially that of Adam Sandler 's character would have helped A LOT . Instead I was left feeling the characters were n't developed nearly enough . The actors were also part of the problem , I do not think they pulled their roles off very well . The relasionships in this film could have been interesting , even emotionally touching , but instead most of the characters were merely boring or outright annoying . The plot is rather predictable , which is more tolerable in a film that is action based , but this film was not . This film could also have benefited a lot from some more interesting scenery , and a better soundtrack . Despite the few dramatic scenes in this movie , it was overall very very dull .
 I really didnt like Punch Drunk Love so much . It 's definately not the worst film I 've seen , but it could 've been better . I got the point of the film , love conquers all . Very cheesy , but the film made the outcome too predictable.As for Adam Sandler , his Barry Egan character was just Sandler playing his typical brooding-dumb guy role -LRB- hence Mr Deeds , Waterboy etc. -RRB- As viewers we 're supposed to feel sympathy for Barry , but his pointless rage-outbursts are merely amusing throughout the film . One good example is a bathroom scene -LRB- if you 've seen the film you 'll know what I 'm talking about -RRB- . Emily Watson & Luiz Guzman were okay in their respective roles . Most of the film deals w / Barry 's conflicts , one being of a useless subplot involving a phone-sex line ran out of a Mattress store -LRB- owned by Philip Seymour Hoffman -RRB- . ***** Is it just me , or was Hoffman really unconvincing as the villain of the film ? ... PT Anderson 's unique style was present in the film -LRB- a plus -RRB- ... I just did not love the film whatsoever ... hopefully my review helps future viewers of PUNCH DRUNK LOVE
 This movie is one of those that at the end you say `` I wish I had that 2 hours of my life back . '' This is by far one of Adam Sandlers worse movies to date . The dialog is pointless and takes you nowhere fast . Do yourself a favor and watch something redeeming like Legend of 1900 or Tortilla Soup . You 'll feel much better about yourself and your 2 hours will have been well spent . Go back to SNL Adam that is were you belong .
 If you are a fan of Vanilla Sky starring Tom Cruise then Punch Drunk Love is for you ! These two movies should be thrown into a vault and never spoke of again . Adam Sandler is a great actor , but this movie makes him to be the worst . I have no idea why he would choose to do this role because it is completely meaningless . If you do choose to watch this movie be sure to have a blanket and pillow ready because you will be bored and exhausted from the confusion of the entire show .
 I was well aware that this film was not going to be the funny Adam Sandler we are all accustomed to before I rented it . However , I was expecting a good offbeat serious movie.It was HORRIBLE ! BORING ! By far one of THE WORST movies I have ever seen in my entire life ! I stuck with it assuming that there simply must be a point to it all . I was desperately clinging to the false hope that perhaps he would just explode or something ... but I got nothing . NOTHING ! I was tragically upset when it was over that I would never , ever get back those 2 hours of my precious life . I thought about suing the filmmaker for robbing me of those 2 hours , but decided instead that it must have been the universe punishing me for something wrong I 've done in my lifetime . Let me redeem myself by doing something nice for other people
 This doesnt even deserve a star !! it sucked !! I highly DONT recommend it ... If you are an old bitter person then you 'll love it , but if youre a fun outgoing teen like myself , then u 'll hate it.I love Adam Sandler , so thats why I am truly truly disappointed in his bad choice !! And another thing , this movie never ends !! Its waaay too long !! I regret wasting my money on this !! If you loved 50 first dates and other cool sandler movies , then this will disappoint you .
 im a huge fan of adam but this movie blows . i sat through the movie to see if something good happens at least in the end , but i was wrong worst movie i ever saw peformed by adam sandleradam you could do better roleslove ya
 This movie is classified as `` Comedy and Romance , '' but there was no comedy at all . It was only a collection of unrelated fights , car accidents , and weird scenes ; in addition to the loud meaningless sound effects . I did not get the point of the story , neither did the people who walked out early -- they were a lot . I regretted that I did n't leave and kept hoping that there will be some meaning at the end . Adam Sandler was fine as an actor , but if he kept playing this kind of weak stories , he will lose his popularity .
 Sorry Folks but I found this movie excruciatingly painful to watch & extremely boring .
 I love Adam , but this is one of the worst movies I have everseen in my life.Thank goodness I only rented it.I saved my money , so please save yours!THIS MOVIE SUCKS !!!
 I 've seens some bad movies in my day , but this one takes the cake . There is no subtle charm in this movie whatsoever . There are several scenes that have nothing but silence - no background mood music , nothing . Then , many of the other scenes have painful background music that drags on and on . Further , the cinematography is horrible . There are random camera shakes which I thought are part of the plot line when in fact it is just poor production . Not surprisingly , Adam Sandler can not hold his own in a non-comedic role . His acting skills left a lot to be desired . As I walked out of the movie after about 40 minutes , I noticed that the door in the back of the theater was left open . I soon realized why as more people began walking out after I did . Make your own decision here , but I strongly recommend seeing anything else , or go golfing or something . Do n't waste your time .
 The film is , at best , a terrible waste of Emily Watson 's talents .
 This is the first movie review I have ever written . I wish I could have been doing something more pleasurable than watching this epic ... like poking myself in the eye with an ice pick or lighting myself on fire . Wait , it gets worse ... I actually bought this piece of camel dung . . . . I am going to loan it to a prick at work that I hate ! No , I 'll give it to him and refuse to take it back ... Hurry , go see it !!
 Inane , do not waste your time , pure garbage.Inane , do not waste your time , pure garbage.Inane , do not waste your time , pure garbage.Inane , do not waste your time , pure garbage.Inane , do not waste your time , pure garbage.Inane , do not waste your time , pure garbage.Inane , do not waste your time , pure garbage.Inane , do not waste your time , pure garbage.Enough said .
 this has to be one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . it was strange . it was slow . it was boring . i wish i could erase it from my memory completely.don ' t get me wrong , i do have an eclectic taste in movies . i 'm not ignorant . but this film was in no way artistic or creative and lacked any substance whatsoever.a horrid , horrid experience to say the least .
 Adam Sandler is a talented actor . However , this was his worst movie by far . He has been type-cast into a raging maniac in one too many films . I mean really ... what was the plot to this film?Adam Sandler destroys the men 's bathroom - for no reason . He breaks things in his sisters house - for no reason . He is basically an anti social misfit . Yet , he owns his own business , maintains his temper with his employees , has a fudge pudding fetish and wears the same outfit for the entire movie.Why Punch Drunk Love ? This movie should have been called `` Sugar makes me Crazy ! `` If this was suppose to be a break through performance for Adam Sandler ... this film failed miserably . He needs an opportunity to act and display his overall talent -LRB- Remember Saturday Night Live -RRB- . Not just a character that resorts to violence in EVERY film.Adam if your reading this . Sorry bro the truth hurts . You are a superstar - ask for better scripts .
 If you have n't gone to see this , do n't bother . We left the theater wondering what happened in the first scene . There was no title sequence , the movie just * started * . One second we 're watching a trailer for J.Lo 's new movie , the next second , Adam Sandler is sitting at a desk , talking to someone on the phone . It 's just ... bizarre . From funky camera angles , to blurry colors that swirl through the middle of scenes , to music that is so loud you ca n't hear the dialogue , to dialogue that consists of hate and meanness ... . It just beats you up one side and down the other.Not worth it . Not funny . Barely scratches into `` sweet '' before being covered over with `` ickiness '' . * shudder *
 Oh how to can I distill this movie experience into a review that captures its true essence ? Well here it goes please forgive me if my words fall short of my emotions , I will try my best to be unambiguous with my prose ... this movie is so pretentious it 's nauseating . A veritable cornucopia of directorial overindulgence . The only thing that holds this film back from greatness is the script , the directing , the acting , the lighting , and the soundtrack . So if your willing to overlook these flaws then this movie is for you ... The script has more red herrings in it then all of the worlds ocean combined.The soundtrack isnt even original as the main `` love '' theme is Shelley Duvall singing from the `` Popeye '' soundtrack -LRB- and we all remember how great that movie was -RRB- . The directing is a sloppy meandering mess , A bloated exercise in over indulgence that frankly I want an explanation for . . but you wont find any on the disc because theres no directors commentary . I can only hope the directors friends had an intervention with him before this `` film '' was released on DVD . Unfortunately for those of us who witnessed this fiasco , to little , to late . And hey lets not forget the acting ... actually forget the acting , the actors did . There isnt one aspect of this film which isnt an abyssmal failure ... This film should be shown to P.O.W. 's at Guantanamo Bay ... but only once because multiple viewings could result in irreversable brain damage ... thus ends my humble review I hope this helps ... have a nice day
 How anyone could think this movie was anything but complete garbage was beyond me.I guess a lot of these reviewers are extremely `` deep . ''
 This movie is a bore ! And kind of annoying!It 's not a romance/comedy ! Drama ... er ... a little ? Not a lot.Alright , the story itself is good . Plot is terrific , characters alright . Acting is great.The constant music through-out the movie was just annoying . The camera angles and shadow shots were just irritating . The only character that was n't a complete Mary-Sue -LRB- or one-dimensional -RRB- was the main character , Barry.This could have been a great movie if it was n't for the script , the shooting style , and the annoying background music .
 The only good thing about my experience with this movie is I did n't pay movie theater price to see it . It starts out strange at best and goes quickly downhill from there . The only reason I did n't shut it off was morbid curiosity and it was to late to put on something/anything else !!
 Adam Sandler is known for his comedy movies . Some have been better than others . I have no objection to typecast actors trying for something different , and if Adam Sandler wanted to try a serious role , then I support him fully . However , this movie failed . It had no real story , it went nowhere , and I found myself bored through the whole thing .
 I rented Punch-Drunk Love with the expectation of seeing a beautiful , artistic , and meaningful film that I could treasure and watch over-and-over again.I found little to be treasured.Certainly , the cinematography was lovely , the eerie soundtrack suited the movie 's mood perfectly , the actors -LRB- for the most part -RRB- performed their roles very well , but otherwise ... Nothing about the movie held me . The complexities of the life of a man with various mental disorders do not interest me -LRB- when presented without any particular purpose or meaning -RRB- . The love story between Sandler and his love-interest did not catch my interest either.I feel that this film has no binding point of interest . I 'd pass on it if I were you .
 A somewhat irritating exercise in self-indulgence from the usually great PT Anderson.I mean , I love films with symbolism , theme & stylization , but not when I can I can practically hear the director in the background of every shot screaming `` I 'M A GREAT DIRECTOR ! LOOK AT MY WORK OF ART ! `` Apparently , Punch-Drunk Love is some sort of American rip of Jean Pierre Jeunet 's Amelie , with a similar plot line involving 2 dysfunctional individuals seeking love -- both films with a `` dark '' subplot which threatens the central character 's pursuit & realization of that union -LRB- Amelie w/the picture booth , PDL w / the phone sex gang -RRB- ... Some sort of masturbatory filmmaking by the `` in crowd '' of Hollywood , PDL seems more concerned with tooting its own horn & parading is `` artistry '' than building strong or remotely interesting narrative & characters ... And I do n't think that breaking genre coventions has to be a painful viewing experience.Where Amelie provided history & background to support the pathos of the leads & empathy , PDL provides none . The film is so cruel to Emily Watson 's character , that it does n't even give a clue as to her inexplicable attraction to Sandler 's character , except maybe some sort of twisted autistic fetish -LRB- ?! -RRB- The air is a bit too thick with pretense for my taste , and I just ca n't bring myself to contribute another laurel to Anderson 's pile of collective hubris .
 As a fan of highly stylized and unique films , I was looking forward to seeing Punch-Drunk Love . I must admit I was extremely disappointed . After watching it again - and watching all the `` extras '' on the DVD , I have concluded the film makers KNEW they had a very basic and boring story , and the only way to make it more interesting was to thow in other things like the strange artwork and unexplained elements in the film like the piano.Adding all of these `` artsy '' elements might make people think the film was much more than it was - a very basic story . Unfortunately - it does n't work.To its benefit , the film is very interesting visually , and the music works well throughout .
 I have to say , I 'm a huge Adam Sandler fan , which is why I rented this movie . BIG MISTAKE . Not only was it his worst movie , but it was just TERRIBLE for any movie . The plot was not well developped ... you didnt know where the characters were going , and seeing Sandler 's character and his interactions , just made me feel uncomfortable watching it -LRB- sortof how seeing really nervous people makes you feel nervous yourself -RRB- . Certainly do n't buy it , and do n't even waste $ 3 at the movie store renting it . If you want classic Sandler laughs , try Billy Madison , Happy Gilmore , Big Daddy , 50 1st Dates , or Little Nicky ...
 Ok , what 's up with this one guy who runs some warehouse ? It 's like this character is a retard or something . He 's a grown man who 's too ignorant to recognize that the 1-900 number advertised was a phone sex line . C'mon ! A normal person would talk to a psychiatrist about love problems , not some stranger through a 1-900 number . And then he buys a ton of pudding to save up airline miles . He should use those miles to fly to Micheal Jackson 's Neverland , 'cause maybe he could just be gay with Micheal Jackson . One part that taints the movie , is when this retarded character is in some house , and they play some -LSB- stinky -RSB- song that goes `` he needs me , he needs me ... '' . C'mon ! That music is OUTDATED ! Play some ' 90 's music for that scene or something more current . I actually like Adam Sandler 'cause he 's funny , but Punch-Drunk Love was a big mistake . I do n't mean anything towards Adam Sandler , I 'm just talking about his character.Conclusion
 Give Adam Sandler extra credit for trying to broaden his range with Punch Drunk Love . The key word there is `` trying '' , because Sandler puts more effort into his performance here than he did in all his previous films combined . That 's not exactly a difficult task , since Sandler is responsible for one the laziest movies ever made -LRB- `` Big Daddy '' -RRB- . Paul Thomas Anderson was smart enough to see a running theme in Sandler 's characters and attempt to show the flipside of that character - the weeping clown , if you will . That Sandler was willing to reverse his persona so readily certainly deserves admiration.Critics , as a collective , despise Sandler . And that 's probably because they did n't follow his work from the beginning of his career , when he released a brilliant comedy album -LRB- `` They 're All Gon na Laugh at You '' -RRB- and did the `` Denise Show '' sketch , probably the best SNL bit of the past 15 years . If Sandler 's efforts do n't translate as well to full-length movies , it does n't mean he is n't a gifted performer . Misguided , maybe . But anyone with a brain knows he 's a talented performer.Unfortunately , Punch Drunk Love ends up doing him a huge disservice . It 's a good concept wasted . The Tragic Sandler featured here is stuck in a film that has myriad problems . There 's no real plot to speak of . The musical score is grating and obnoxious . And , worst of all , it offers no reason for its lead characters -LRB- Sandler and Emily Watson -RRB- to fall in love with one another.All of that can be blamed on Anderson , who still owes the world for the crime that was Magnolia . Anderson cuts the running time in half here , yet Punch Drunk Love still feels three hours long . You keep waiting for the film to settle down and establish some kind of rhythm of its own , but it never does . It instead exists as a series of tangentially related bursts of oddness . That may work for a Radiohead record , but movie audiences usually need -LRB- and deserve -RRB- something in the way of structure.Sandler 's character Barry Egan is also poorly written . He acts irrationally , which is realistic enough . The problem is that he just does n't seem like a real person . Sandler makes the mistake of giving Egan a babyish , almost mentally crippled way of speaking , and his violent behavior only makes him a curiosity , not a person with identify with or care about . Other characters only exist to puzzle over why Barry acts the way he does . But it 's hard to imagine that many people would continue asking about someone who 's so clearly a lost cause.Punch Drunk Love continues a major losing streak for Anderson , who was given too much directorial leeway before he deserved it . Anderson has a true gift for annoying viewers . One scene in Punch Drunk Love features Egan 's sister berating him with the score screeching away in the background . It 's almost impossible to tolerate , which is par for the course these days with Anderson 's films . Punch Drunk Love , like Magnolia , seems designed only to appeal to the director himself and no one else . It 's sad , because in terms of photography this is one of the most beautiful films of the past year . But Anderson needs to find some substance beneath his style . Too bad for Sandler . -LRB- It 's worth noting that if you 're looking for the traditional wacky Sandler movie , you should avoid Punch Drunk Love at all costs . It is n't funny at all . Then again , neither was Mr. Deeds . -RRB-
 This movie sticks in my head . Not because it was wonderful , because it was THAT BAD . I do n't mind odd . My tastes can even run to the quirky , but this was just dull , boring , confusing , stupid , horrible etc etc etc. . I felt like punching myself for sitting through this foul movie !!
 By far the worse movie I have ever seen !
 I was expecting a comedy . I did n't laugh nor did anyone else in the movie house . I was patient and kept thinking it would eventually become interesting . Unless you have a fixation with films of long empty hallways , save your money . I was so glad when it was over and I could go home . The pop corn was the highlight of the evening . If there was a `` 0 '' rating , it would get two `` 0 `` s.
 It was the worst movie I have ever seen . I am so mad I actually bought the stupid thing . they say the f word way too much
 This movie is no good ... No character development , no amazing story , a very terrible ending , very annoying and loud music . Adam Sandler does well in this movie - I like him in this . But , Emily Watson is terrible ... and the sisters in the movie are so annoying . I have a hard time watching this movie . I dont really like Paul Thomas Anderson anyway . I mean I 'm into original movies ... -LSB- but -RSB- I hate movies like that . But I just think P.T. Anderson 's movies are just pretentious and boring . He 's trying to be too indie . I just do n't like this movie ... Adam Sandler does good in this movie but thats about all there is good to it . I 'm not gon na tell you not to watch it because maybe you need to see for yourself and actually think about this movie . Really ask yourself if it was good . Too many of the little indie kids are like oh man this is the greatest ever . So yea . . I 'm done .
 When I purchased this movie , I was under the impression that any film with Adam Sandler would fulfill my entertainment desires . Alas , i was highly mortified by the extremely horrifying display on my television set . The film was not only dark and disturbing , but the soundtrack was erratic , irritating , and a failed attempt at being artistic . This film is a tragedy ; a complete insult to socially inept people . The only positive in this situation , is that Adam Sandler was able to emerge from this film with his career still intact . Please reconsider purchasing -LRB- or even simply viewing -RRB- this film . If you still feel the need to purchase a new DVD -LRB- I myself am an avid film collector -RRB- , I suggest Old School -LRB- starring Luke Wilson , Vince Vaughn , and Will Ferrell -RRB- . Now THAT is a fine film .
 I saw this movie after seeing trailers for it on a couple of occasions . I thought it looked like a light comedy/romance . What a waste of my time and money ! The only thing that kept me from leaving the theater was the hope that it HAD to get better eventually . Wrong . I 'm not a big Adam Sandler fan , but that was n't it at all . I actually thought he was pretty good in this , but I thought the movie itself was disgusting and depressing . One review I saw said it was a `` dark comedy '' ... well I agree that it was definitely dark ! Not much of a comedy , though . Thank goodness we all have differing tastes , because some people may see something redeeming in this movie , but I truly thought it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen !! Again , save your time and your money !
 Plain and simple - this movie was one of Sandlers worst ! There was no real plot - it was jumpy - horrible script . I was really disappointed and I do not recommend anyone to waste their money to even rent it let alone buy it !!
 When I went to the store to rent this flim , the name Adam Sandler caught my eye . I thought `` Wow ! This is an Adam Sandler movie , so it 's got ta be just histarical ! '' I was so increadibly wrong . This movie turned out to be a dark , stupid and pointless story of a small time business man.When I look at the other great Adam Sandler movies , I think of good movies like Billy Madison , or Happy Gilmore . Adam Sandler ought to be really angry at him self for being in such an awful movie.Word to the wise : DO NOT UNDER ANY CONDITIONS WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS HORRIBLE MOVIE !!! THIS IS BY FAR THE DUMBEST PLOT LINE EVER !!!!!!!!
 From what I 'd heard this was supposed to be a comedy ... I found nothing comical about it ... it started out fine but the constant drumming sounds and the horrid plot were enough to drive anyone to insanity . By the end of the film myself and another I was watching it with were about ready to break the TV , it seemed to just grind our nerves with the constant drumming over and over again.The plotine is horrible , it got to the end and it 's like `` WHAT ?! '' THis is just terrible ... if you have a high bloodpressure , do NOT watch this film , it WILL give you a higher one believe me.Worst Adam Sandler film ever , it made me almost think twice about seeing Anger Management a few days ago . Sandler is great , but this is a waste of money , time and will definately cause some unwanted stress . Save yourself the stress and trouble and get another sandler film instead .
 One of the top 5 worst movies I have ever seen . I sat through the whole thing waiting for it to get better - it never did .
 I love Adam Sandler 's movies but hated this one . In fact , I hated it so much , I only watched the first 20 minutes and turned it off . This movie really does n't go anywhere and is completely pointless !!!
 One of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I 'm not sure what else to say here other than Adam Sandler can to a whole lot better ...
 this was the worst movie i have ever seen adam sandler dissapointed me alot ! very sad i do not reccomend this movie for anyone biggest waste of time
 I sat through the whole movie , and I did n't really see the appeal of it . There were a few things I thought were funny , but mostly the entire movie just felt drab and lifeless . Adam Sandler gave an excellent performance ; really , all the performances were very good , but that does n't help to breathe any life into this off-the-wall nod to mentally unstable people who still manage to lead fairly normal lives . I 'm not even entirely happy that I watched it , I 'm kind of vaguely wishing for my hour and a half back , and I do n't do that very often . I guess this kind of movie just is n't my thing .
 For a 95 minute movie , I had a lot of trouble sitting through it . It moves at a slow pace with long pauses in dialogue . The music is loud and overshadows the dialogue with an annoying array for clinking and banging . Although this was supposed to be a breakthrough role in which Adam Sandler evolves to drama , it is shown that he can only do one thing to call it acting - yell . Similar to Happy Gilmore and Waterboy , he goes on a temper tantrum of yelling and breaking items . His love interest is a nosy person who asks why Adam Sandler 's character , Barry , does the things he does . The sister who sets Barry up with Emily Watson 's character in the movie is annoying , often asks about why he is acting so strange , before proving that the reason for this is because she is agrivating and the being neurotic runs in the family . The idea of the plot is stupid , to focus around a phone sex hotline and a business of selling plungers . I think Adam Sandler focus is yelling in comedies , not dramas .
 I 'm not an Adam Sandler fan at all , but I am huge fan of both Magnolia and Boogie Nights ! That 's why my experience with this movie was so weird for me . I loved Adam Sandler in the movie but , in the end , the movie was totally let down by the story . Adam Sandler plays Barry Egan , a self employed business man who seems to be socially challenged -LRB- as well as fashion challenged -RRB- with 7 sisters and no brothers . It seems that he has been teased all of his life by his sisters and , as a result of this endless torment , he has depression issues as well as connection issues . Feeling lonely and vulnerable one night , he calls a sex line for some conversation and eventual release . Unfortunately for him , the sex line is run by a guy who black mails and extorts money from his `` more well off '' customers by threatening to reveal their `` perverted '' calls to the people around them -LRB- wives , girlfriends and business colleges -RRB- . Barry , who seems to be a broken man ; week and lifeless , meets a young lady named Lena Leonard , played by Emily Watson , through the help of one of his sisters . Emily becomes the woman of his dreams ! Barry finds himself trying to win over Lena and at the same time hide from her the sex call debacle and to clear up any embarrassing things that his sisters might have said to her about him . It turns out that Lena -LRB- who is a little quirky herself -RRB- is the ideal woman for him and gives him a strength that he has never known . She is the catalyst that propels him from his inner prison . In theory this movie has allot to work with to make a great dark comedy , but in the end , it falls short . Adam Sandler really plays himself in this movie , but with a more serious approach , and I really enjoyed his performance . What I did n't like in this movie was some of the `` artsy visuals '' that were thrown in . For example , I 'm still trying to figure out why a van filled with shady looking characters pull up , screeching , to his work parking lot and drop off a miniature piano !? In Magnolia these weird visuals worked , like in the end when it started to rain frogs . This represented one of the biblical plagues on man that God would put upon us when we are at our worst . I do n't get the miniature piano reference , except they needed a way to introduce the piano because he -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- pays so much attention to it through out the movie . A garage sale purchase would have sufficed ! Also , the Superbit release is a little bit of a mystery to me . The colors and sounds did n't seem , to me , to need a premium release . This is a movie that has some entertaining moments due to a great collection of actors but the story is this movies down fall and I if you are a fan of these guys and have enjoyed their other projects and really feel a need to see it , rent it !
 While I 'm not a fan of Adam Sandler , I 've been meaning to check out this movie for ages , since reading that this is Adam 's attempt to go straight . Sadly I found myself disappointed.Sandler plays the same vaguely-retarded character given to acts of random violence that he has played a million other times in his career ; see Mr Deeds , Happy Gilmore , Billy Madison etc. . The only difference is that here he does n't get to say `` Boobies ! '' and snicker a lot . The character he plays is more sympathetic than usual , but still the same lost little boy , out of touch with the world , down trodden and taken advantage of . Here he makes some sort of decision to stand up for himself , but the character is so ill-conceived and poorly developed that we never really gain an insight into the changes he seems to undergo . Yes he realizes he loves this new girl , but why ? Why is she different to any other girl he 's met and been afraid to talk to ? Why can he now stand up to his sisters ? Why does he now become impulsive and outgoing?The female lead is similarly undeveloped . As other reviewers note , her attraction to and love for Sandler is never really touched upon , her motives never explored and her reasons never ascertained.On the positive side , the cinematography is beautiful . The movie looks really great , and Philip Seymour Hoffman is outstanding as usual . However , instead of making a compelling piece of art such as `` American Beauty '' by Sam Mendes , Anderson ends up creating a willfully obscure piece of work in the vein of David Lynch 's `` Mulholland Drive '' . Another obvious reference would be `` Donnie Darko '' , however in that movie the underlying themes carry the random acts that happen , while in `` Punch ... '' , as in `` Magnolia '' the randomness is left unexplained , ultimately seeming superfluous - an attempt at being post-modern without following through . For example , the car crash at the start of the movie that Sandler witnesses ? Hello?Ultimately the movie is well put together and beautifully shot , but it suffers from a certain lack of direction and an absence of real meaning at its core , and I have to say I would n't recommend it to a friend . Not unless I particularly disliked them.As for Sandler 's Oscar hopes , I have to say that his `` Wedding Singer '' character was much better written , and ultimately much more demanding .
 I loved HARD EIGHT , admired the craft of BOOGIE NIGHTS , and regarded MAGNOLIA as one of the best films of the past decade . P.T. Anderson has established an enviable track record . But Adam Sandler -- though slightly less repugnant than Jim Carrey -- has not generally impressed me as someone I would choose to spend even 30 seconds watching . -LRB- I have teenaged sons , thus have seen a few of his movies . -RRB- Yet I did enjoy his performance in THE WEDDING SINGER , in which he demonstrated the ability to portray a human being instead of an obnoxious boor . And ever since BREAKING THE WAVES Emily Watson has been one of my favorite actresses , always turning in strong & often extraordinary performances . But still there was Sandler ... Sufficiently skeptical to avoid this film in the theatres , and not even to hasten to see it on video , I nevertheless hoped it would overcome the handicap of Sandler and equal the quality standard established by P.T. Anderson 's previous films . Having seen it described as a `` romantic comedy , '' I hoped for something like MAGNOLIA MEETS THE WEDDING SINGER . Boy was I surprised!Sandler is not the problem . But watching him -- or rather his character , Barry -- is excruciating . Barry may be the most pathetically screwed-up character a filmmaker has ever asked his audience to identify with -LRB- Paddy Chavesky 's MARTY is a winner compared to Barry -RRB- . Everything he does is excruciatingly painful and stupid , from his job , to his pudding-for-free-airmiles scam , to his phone-sex nightmare , to trashing the restaurant restroom -LRB- oh , THAT Adam Sandler -RRB- -- and the pain implicit in each of these episodes is intensified by a soundtrack like fingernails on a chalkboard . By the time he finally makes an honest choice that leads to redemption , it 's too little too late to save a film mired in its own excess.The problem is Anderson . Like Sophia Coppola , he seems ignorant of the imitative fallacy in art . And what could have been an unusual and arresting contemporary `` love '' story has become a painful exercise in audience endurance instead . Two stars for the beautiful Frankenthalerish images behind the credits and interspersed at times between scenes throughout the film .
 Paul Thomas Anderson is an undeniably talented director . I loved BOOGIE NIGHTS , was disappointed in MAGNOLIA -LRB- although it had its moments ... way too few over three hours ! -RRB- and wanted very much to like PUNCH DRUNK LOVE.Unfortunately , the script is weak . Emily Watson 's character is so underwritten that we have no idea why this woman should care about Sandler 's character at all , which undercuts any real emotional impact the story 's resolution might have . This is truly ironic , since the film is about people getting past their neuroses to connect with each other , and ultimately the film fails to connect with the audience.Sandler gives a fine performance , and I never thought those words would leave my lips , but the contrivances of the script -LRB- a problem with MAGNOLIA as well -RRB- are just too far-fetched and undercut even his work.The photography is beautiful but the same could be said of many commercials . Indeed , Anderson needs to get out of that sunny California mindset and find a project - preferably scripted by a strong collaborator - worthy of his directorial skills . Maybe he should live in New York for a year or so to absorb a greater range of emotions and influences . As it stands , BOOGIE NIGHTS may be his CITIZEN KANE and I 'd hate to see him become a one-hit-wonder .
 After 15mins of watching this abortion . I went back to the store and demanded my money back . they gave me my money back and agreed on how bad it was .
 ... this movie classified as `` Comedy and Romance . '' As a matter of fact , there was no comedy or romance . Only a collection of unrelated scenes of fights and craziness , in addition to loud annoying meaningless sound effects . I did not get the point neither did the people who left the theater early -- they were a lot . I regretted I did n't leave and kept hoping that there will be a point at the end . Adam Sandler was fine as an actor , but if he kept playing this kind of weak stories , he would go down .
 I just saw `` Punch Drunk Love . '' It is awful . It is stupid . It is not funny . None of the characters are endearing . Emily Watson is miscast . It is plotless , violent , and there are about 1 and a half laughs -LRB- I really only laughed when the brother-in-law said he was a dentist , not a doctor . -RRB- This is not a romantic comedy . In short , it is a waste of time .
 What a complete and total waste of 95 minutes of my life , not including the money I spent purchasing this DVD . I have always been an Adam Sandler fan , but there was not one scene worth watching in this movie . And for everyone to say how great it is , does n't have a clue what a great movie should be . Save your time and money , you will thank me for being the only person truthful enough to state it the way it really is !
 So I am watching this movie and thinking the direction is pretty weird , but I am sure some of you indie lovers , love this weird stuff . I am more of a blockbuster movie type of gal although I feel that I do know how to appreciate a good indie.This movie does not qualify on my list of good indies , maybe worst indies would be more like it.The movie is so slow , the story is so-so and the end makes you feel like you wasted your freaking time.Adam Sandler is great as always , I love him and thatw as the only reason why I rented this picture . He did n't cut it enough to make this a god movie.Bottom line
 First I have to admit I only watched about 15 minutes of this movie and then `` skimmed '' the rest of it . In order to have a fair and accurate review I believe one should watch the entire movie before judging . However , those of you out there who honestly want to know what kind of movie this is before buying it or renting it I will give you what I wish I would have known before renting it.Interestingly enough you have people who really loved it , or really hated it . I go in the `` I hate it category . '' But oddly enough hardly anyone tells you WHY it 's bad or good for that matter , although I have n't read all 109 reviews . These are my reasons for hating it :1 . It made absolutely no sense .2 . Endless shots of silence and nothing3.Bizarre - an example
 I went with a friend to see this movie and we were not at all impressed with it . The story was so BLAH - it felt like nothing happened the entire movie . We finally decided we had enough and got up to leave and the credits started to to roll . There was no beginning , middle and end to this film .
 I was so very excited about this movie . I was thrilled to see Sandler doing a movie that does n't involve a sport and/or a stupid accent . Like all comedians , in him dwells a darker side that `` drove '' him to being the funny guy . I absolutely love Adam Sandler 's work and `` Magnolia '' and `` Boogie Nights '' were great movies . So , this film had potential . Like Crystal Pepsi and The New Monkees , some things look better on paper . Better luck next time Adam . Maybe you could write a script for `` The Longest Pee , the Movie '' . I 'm sure its a step up from `` Jacksss '' .
 It looks like it 's going to be an art movie when it begins , and then maybe a slick Cohen flick , but it turns out to be neither.While there are a couple of cute scenes , it 's mostly a painful flick to sit through . Save your money and time .
 As a big Adam Sandler fan , my DH thought this would be a hoot ! Not so ! After the first 30 boring minutes , I heard the deep rumble of his resounding snores from across the room.They woke me up .
 What in the world is the point of all of these strange goings on ? What is the point of the harmonium , the truck crashing down the street in the beginning , all of those weird rainbow colors flashing on the screen , and the banging clanking music ? There is no point ! It just shows you what happens when 1 person has too much control , and writes , directs and produces a flick . Please get an editor ! I liked Hard Eight , but this movie just sucks . .
 There are some films which place extremely weird characters in bizzare situations , and somehow the movie seems viewable , and sometimes enjoyable . This , is not one of these films.You can attempt to analyze and extrapolate all of the `` various nuances '' and `` wonderful direction , '' but in the end , you 've spent too much wasted time thinking about this movie.In anutshell , when you look at the time counter on the DVD player more than five times during any given movie , it probably -LSB- stinks -RSB- .
 What is there to say ? Same as the movie ... boring . Good for insomiacs . . this will surely work . I lasted 15 minutes ... see how you do .
 This movie can be described best with one word
 I am not just a fan of slapstick sandler movies , I like a very diverse group of movies . This was the worst movie I have ever seen . I could not even finish it , it made me sick to my stomach and was the most boring movie I have ever seen .
 I have to say I am very suprised that Adam Sandler decided to do this movie . I am a fan of his and usually love his work until ... Punch Drunk Love . The movie was aweful no ending , plot or solid story line . In my opinion this was one of the worst films that I have ever seen . Not to insult Adam because he did a great job as always but the movie -LSB- stunk -RSB- . I would highly advise that when your walking into the video store with the intent to rent this movie , choose another one .
 allright i 'm going to keep this short and simpile . this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen in mankind . the whole time i was watching this movie i was like what was that about . i do n't even want to tell you what the movie is about , that 's how bad it is . the only good thing you can do with this movie is throw it at the wall and then think to your self that you just wasted your money on a piece of crap . .
 After having invested slightly more than an hour and a half of my evening in the viewing of this movie , the best opinion I could come up with was `` What the hell was THAT ? `` The only , and I repeat , only , redeeming feature of this movie is the acting . Sandler , Watson , Guzman , and Hoffman are absolutely outstanding , bringing an incredible believability to their characters , in spite of everything else . But I was left shaking my head in wonder as to what the whole point was . Yes , the movie had its moments , but they were very few and far between , with an overwhelming lack of focus and direction pervading the majority of the film . I suppose that if you enjoy art house fair , you might find something to rave about , but even though I look for something deeper than superficial entertainment in a movie , I just could n't seem to find anything here to keep me satisfied.As far as the quality of the DVD , it 's a good transfer , excellent sound -LRB- although a very odd soundtrack -RRB- , and the second disk has a plethora of special features ... none of which I found overly interesting.If you 're looking for cheap entertainment , this is n't it . If it 's an involving story that makes you part of itself , this is n't for you either . But , if you 're looking for something odd , and difficult to pay attention to , this might be the movie for you . But I 'd rent it first , before buying it and realizing what a mistake you 've made .
 I love quirky and insightful movies . I watch THE USUAL SUSPECTS , SPANISH PRISONER , GLEN GARY GLENROSS , and all the rest and enjoy them over and over , relishing in the twists and turns and messages that these movies dispense . But , I 'm not going to slap kudos on PUNCH DRUNK LOVE . This move is as disturbing as it is sad . The violence is not enjoyable . It was nothing like the trailers portrayed it to be and I will not recommend it to anyone .
 This has to be the worst movie I have ever seen . Adam sandler is the ony reason i kept watching . No plot , No real story to the characters . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 This is one of the most stupid , pointless movies I 've seen in a long , long time . I think that Adam Sandler ought to stick to his comedy movies . Obviously it 's the only thing he 's good at . Emily Watson is a total disaster .
 This movie is possibly one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Definately one of those movies in which I was sorry for wasting my money and time to sit through . Even Adam Sandler could n't help this pathetic plot .
 Granted I 've never known enough about Sandler to make an opinion befor but this movie made no sence from begining to end . We where glad when it was over , script & behavior regularly made no sence or proper story line . Not even a charictor you could love , hate or sympathis with . The result was both muddled & bordem Until we where glad it was over & resenting the money spent .
 I was interested in this film because I had seen several very good reviews of it when it first came out . I also had been impressed with some of Sandler 's more serious roles , such as in Spanglish and his wonderful straight man performance in Anger Management . Unfortunately , this film just did n't do it for me . It was dull , dull , dull . I had no sympathy at all for Sandler 's character . None of the other characters held much interest for me , either . I love Seymour Phillip Hoffman and Emily Watson , but they were wasted in this annoying film . while I admire Anderson 's films , I do n't always like the characters in them . With this film , I did n't like either the characters or the direction .
 I found the movie a bit slow and boring ; not as funny or entertaining as I expected.I was n't a fan .
 I am not one to say I dislike a lot of movies , but this one was way to confussing . There was no charecter development , there was no plot , and there was little story . I still have no idea what this movie was supposed to be about . From what little I understand this man is very introverted , but when some bothers him he breaks things . He meets a girl and loves her . Beyond that everything else is too weird . I gave this movie two stars because it looks at life in a new sort of way . I wish I could have givin it a better review but I just ca n't
 I am a huge fan of Paul Thomas Anderson 's movies , yet for some reason -LRB- besides knowing beforehand that this was not one of his amazing Altmaneque multi-character studies and my general skepticism about Adam Sandler as an actor -RRB- , my gut told me to take a pass when this movie first came out . Since enough time had passed since it came out , and knowing that both Sandler and the movie received critical acclaim , I decided to give it a shot.The movie starts out in an imaginative manner and thankfully does not neatly tell you everything that you need to know about its leading character -LRB- wonderfully played by Adam Sandler in a role that shows a totally different layer of what he has to offer as an actor -RRB- nor where the movie will be heading . As most of us know , most of the movies that come out are created by committee , focus groups , commercial tie-ins , and seem to have a contractual obligation to secure a box office friendly PG-13 rating , and simply too many stakeholders . So one has to at least be thankful that PTA , like Spike Jonz -LRB- I loved `` Being John Malkovich '' and liked some of `` Adaptation '' -RRB- just to name another young director , has enough clout to work in a relatively independent without having to waver from their vision . It 's not everyday that movies like `` Boogie Nights '' and `` Magnolia '' are allowed to make it to the screen while moving at a slow pace and sometimes clocking in at over 3 hours as is the case with PTA or gets to make a movie as original as `` Being John Malkovich '' in the case of Jonz.That about all the positive that I can squeeze out from `` Punch Drunk Love '' , which the exception that PTA manages to tell his story in less than 90 minutes and he has not lost his ability to have a character 's words sound like those of real people . His talent is never more evident than in scenes highlighting the awkward dialogue that characters sometimes engage in . Since I hate to give anything away as I hate it when reviewers tell you much more than is needed to get you to make up your mind as to whether to see a movie or not , I will say that Sandler 's character is not your typical movie character and I venture to say that there is a little of him in all of us ; notwithstanding the character is impossible to get to know and becomes annoyingly close to acting like Dustin Hoffman 's character in `` Rain Man . `` Although the lead character 's psychological challenges are universal and could make for an interesting character study in the tradition of most of most of John Cassavette 's movies or Martin Scorcese 's `` Taxi Driver '' and `` Alice Does Not Live Here Anymore , '' here we are bombarded with a sameness that feels like watching paint dry . There is some background at the macro level to possibly explain part of his behavior , but it 's more frustrating than illuminating . Any scene involving his family is like nails on a chalkboard and that may have been PTA 's intent , but although no character has to be likable to be interesting , this bunch almost makes Neal LaButte 's characters seem downright lovable . Also , the family 's role in Sandler 's condition is too simplistic and played way too broadly and do n't work on either a serious or comedic level.Also , this movie was marketed as a love story , there is little love about this movie , especially when you take into account that Sandler 's alleged love interest , played the talented Emily Watson . She almost seems like an afterthought and the movie really does not take the time to establish the why or even how of this alleged couple should be or are together . She is essentially the maybe/maybe not `` girlfriend '' character that correctly frustrates movie actresses who do n't want to appear as an appendage to a central character every time a film is greenlighted . Also as hard as Watson tries , Sandler has zero chemistry with her . She ALMOST manages to do this alone , but Sandler 's superb acting ca n't quite stretch far enough to show at least a glimpse of why Watson 's character would be drawn to him in any way.Even more frustrating is a secondary yet central plot involving a credit card and phone sex . The whole concept may have looked good on paper but the execution is so tired and has a second rate soap opera feel . I would compare it to the last of act of `` Adaptation . '' Here the offense is even worse because it seems to contradict the pace of the movie and to me serve as a cop out to create tension and try to use tape to try to bring some cohesiveness to where Anderson 's wants to take the plot . I 'll take true character development over plot development any minute of the day and I was surprised to see the movie move away from what it was trying to do , albeit unsuccessfully.I ca n't believe that I am only giving a movie made by PTA what I think is generous two stars , and mostly due to Adam Sandler 's performance , PTA 's talent for dialogue , and for continuing to break formulaic cinema mantras . With the exception of this movie , PTA 's work to date merits at least 4 or even 5 stars , and I hope that he returns or rather moves forward to continue what should be a long career as a writer/director . Some may feel that anyone who did not like this movie is either lazy or unsophisticated because he/she may have expect neatly tied up plots and loveable characters , but this is quite a bumper sticker generalization as many of us truly love unconventional movies but just did not happen to like this one . For example some may not have liked `` Memento '' because it did not fit the mold and it was not told in linear fashion , but those are two of the many reasons why I loved it . PTL 's previous movies , as well as some recent foreign successes -LRB- `` Amores Perros '' and `` Y Tu Mama Tambien , just to name a couple -RRB- are also examples of independent fare that I found to be truly brilliant . In the same fashion that huge budget extravaganzas do n't necessarily make for a bad movie , the independent banner does not assure a great one either . If anyone doubts that latter , just try and sit through `` Buffalo 66 '' and get back to me .
 While my wife and I are fans of this genre of film , we were at first appalled , and then disgusted by this poorly executed version . Some people have praised the fight sequences , but I found them lacking for the most part , and laughable in others -- esp . the men on ropes on the castle 's turret , and in the room full of ladders . Why were there so many ladders there anyway ? Most disturbing were the inconsistencies in the plot . Why does n't the hero make it back to the queen BEFORE the bad guys whom he beats up at the river scene ? Why does he ride to Paris rather than to the ferry , where he could have saved Lord Buckingham and foiled the cardinal 's plot ? Why was this movie even made ?? Save your money ... we were disappointed even though we only rented it .
 Well most of the Musketeers in this film did anyway , except for the leading male hero of the film , D'Artagnan ! I had no idea this film would be so dull considering that Peter Hyams -LRB- 2010 , Outland -RRB- directed it and Tim Roth -LRB- Rob Roy , Reservoir Dogs -RRB- , who is totally wasted here , starring as the bad guy , Febre . The film is just not exciting and I found myself not really caring about the hero 's revenge or much of anything else after a certain point . First of all , I have no idea who Justin Chambers -LRB- leading man/hero , D'Artagnan -RRB- is but I do know he turns out a dull and uninteresting performance in this film . It doesent help that he resembles Chris O ' Donnell who played the same character in `` The Three Musketeers '' with Charlie Sheen and Keifer Sutherland . That movie may have been silly but at least it was entertaining . I would like to see the DVD feature of `` Casting Justin Chambers '' to find out what they were thinking . Even the one thing that I thought would save `` The Musketeer '' , the fight sequences , were not as exciting as I thought they would be , but they did keep me awake . I had heard the fight choreography compared to `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon '' somewhere - my answer to that is
 The Musketeer could have been so good . The locations and sets are so beautiful and there are some beautiful fight scenes . However , those fight scenes are a part of the problem . Wire action is used , but instead of the beautiful grace of Chinese wire actions movies , the action here is a little too speedy and choppy . Also a lot of the fight scenes include moves that seem unnecessarily flashy and impractical -- for example , doing a full split on two barrels while fighting a swordsman . Just unnecessary . I think the director wanted the audience to say , `` Cool ! '' , but instead they just say , `` Huh ? `` Another bad point is the acting . There are no good performances in this movie . Everyone seems to be reading their lines . All of the parts are miscast . The heros have no charisma , and the villians have no menace . Another thing that really bothered me was that half the actors have American accents and half have French accents . I do n't have anything against either accent , but I would like to see some consistency .
 So Bad . I 'm giving it 1 star to cancel out that guy who is trying to raise the stars by giving it a five . It should stay as low as possible , so people do n't get suckered into watching this as I was . Worst Movie I 've ever bought a ticket to see , and I 've seen some bad ones -LRB- e.g. Signs -RRB- .
 Allright . I fell asleep . I was n't even tired and I fell asleep . I never fall asleep . That 's sad.If I could give this 0 stars I would have . The movie sounds interesting , but it makes little sense and has an ending that could of been guessed five minutes into the movie.Don ' t watch it . Please . Unless you really need some sleep .
 Is it possible to give ** minus ** five stars ? I feel ashamed at being forced by Amazon.com to offer this debacle even 1 star.This film , from its very beginnings , had me saying aloud what an incredible mistake it was to waste good money on buying it.And an even greater insult was to squander the not inconsiderable talents of Tim Roth and Stephen Rea . I could only shake my head in disbelief as scene after horrid scene unfolded.It felt like some of the worst fan fiction I 've ever read . And the finale with the ladders ? Obviously the stunt coordinator has spent his entire life living in a box with no air holes , and nothing but Jackie Chan movies to help lighten his otherwise empty hours.Ten thumbs down , way down .
 ... although a dubious one
 This ... um ... `` adaptation '' owes far more to the Hong Kong cinema of Jackie Chan than it does to the seminal work of Alexandre Dumas . Indeed , the credits on the DVD flap do not even credit Dumas 's work as the inspiration for the script.Mastering the one-note delivery and obvious graduate of the Evelyn Wood School for Former Models Turned Actors , newcomer Justin Chambers keeps his delivery monotone while promising upstart Mena Suvari is absolutely wasted . It 's hard to tell if even the action is enjoying as horrible lighting and cinematography waste nearly even frame of it.As a side interest as to how bad this film truly is , everyone in the flick has an accent of European accent EXCEPT for the two young American leads , making them appear dreadfully out of place.Honestly , do n't bother .
 ... This is by far the worst so-called adaptation of Alexandre Dumas classic ... Let me describe each character
 This movie -LSB- stinks -RSB- . The story is nothing like the original , the acting is horrific , the swordfighting utterly ridiculous.The scene that sums it all up is when the guards wo n't chase after a carriage going about 1 mph and everyone escapes.I have no idea how on earth anyone could make a movie so terrible . Extremely torturous to watch . Do not buy it , do not rent it . In fact , just read the book , which is awesome .
 By any standard , this is a very strange movie . The fight scenes are quite remarkable , but because they seem more appropriate in THE MATRIX or CROUCHING TIGER , HIDDEN DRAGON or , even , SHREK , they seem bizarrely out of place in this film . They also make the rest of the film look all that much worse than it would have otherwise . It is worth noting that the fight scenes were the product of Xin Xin Xiong , whose background is in Asian martial arts films.Numerous reviewers have noted the absurdity of the script , especially in that it changes the story of Alexandre Dumas . To tell the truth , the original story is n't so terribly special that some emendation is out of order . The trouble is that the changes that are introduced do not produce a good story . So , it is quite true that one of the great faults of the film is a very bad script.A more serious problem is the acting , especially in several of the key roles . Based on his wooden , monotone performance in this film -LRB- an amazing achievement considering all the action in this one -RRB- , Justin Chambers would have to compete for the title of the world 's worst actor . The only other thing I have seen him in was THE WEDDING PLANNER , in which he was the most irritating element as Jennifer Lopez 's would-be Italian fiance . He was bad in that , but he is far , far worse in this film . Tim Roth is a talented guy , but has anyone noticed how many bad films he is in ? And how many ham roles he gets ? Basically , his role in this film is essentially a rehash of his Oscar-nominated role in ROB ROY . Stephen Rea is more or less wasted as Cardinal Richelieu . The portrayal of Richelieu in films has always perplexed me . He is almost universally portrayed as a villain , and yet he is easily one of the most important figures in French political history , providing important national leadership at a time of crisis in the monarchy . Certainly he was not any more ruthless than many other strong national leaders in the seventeenth century . Mena Suvari is not cut out for costume pictures , and while she seems perfectly in her element in AMERICAN BEAUTY and the AMERICAN PIE films , she just does n't belong here.The film did look good , and whoever was in chart of art direction did a bang up job . But good looking sets and great fighting sequences can not in themselves make a good picture . Not a very successful film at all .
 I join with the other reviewers who have condemned this terrible film for its sins of omission and commission . Giving this `` thing '' one star is too much praise . The title `` The Musketeer '' immediately brings to mind the Dumas classic , which is everything that this movie is not . Dumas created memorable characters , adventure , action , and romance . Although `` The Three Musketeers '' is not great literature , it is a well-told story of a young man coming of age as he makes his way in the world . In contrast , the movie , `` the Musketeer '' , is tedious and a travesty on every level . Cynical , badly written , with no real plot , and a feckless , unconvincing , pretty boy carrying the lead role of D'Artagnan , this film is vapid and confused failure . Could this film be any worse ? Not possible . This is simply one of the worst films I have ever seen.For comparison
 ca n't remember the last time I rolled my eyes so many times in a movie I knew within the first 10 minutes of the show that it was gon na -LCB- be bad -RSB- > See the acrobatic martial-artist French 17th-century swordsmen &#65533; words you had a right never to expect to see together ! and the action is so badly edited and darkly lit that it 's hard to tell what 's happening many scenes dark and difficult to seeThis movie was one of the worst I have seen this year bad acting and the awful remake you must have watched Richard Lester 's very enjoyable `` The Three Musketeers '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- and `` The Four Musketeers '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- . Save your time and rent those two tonight .
 I love swashbuckling movies . There are far too few made now so it is always with excitment when one is . But in the end this adaptation just does not come through . Tim Roth is excellent as the villain . Stephen Rhea has some good moments as the Cardinal . But they never really let him shine . Porthos was a rare find in this film , he had most of the best lines.D ` Artangan is too American to really work , he was a CK model after all.The action scenes were poorly done , the fencing bad and the wirework way too obvious . It just does not work well . I hope they continue to make films with flashy swordplay and all the things that make us like a good old adventure film . But sadly this one is not it .
 it 's just awful . although the movie is allegedly based on a famous novel by dumas -LRB- the three musketeers -RRB- , the movie violates both the spirit and the plot of the original story . There is no Milady , D'Artagnan 's young lover does not die , D'Artagnan does not go on a mission to the UK , and so forth and so on.What makes the movie truly unwatchable is not just the fact that it has little if anything to do with Dumas 's masterpiece , but is the fact that the movie is phenomenally poorly scripted and equally poorly acted.don ' t waste your money buying this dvd . it 's not worthy . it rarely gets any worse than this .
 THE musteteer was about `` A '' musteteer . The whole story was horrible . You do n't have to be a fan of the older Musteteer movies to know this was BAD . My advise is to watch the 15 second preview of the movie . This displays the best action that takes place in the entire movie and you ca n't tell just how bad the acting was . I wish I never wasted my time watching it and I was able to watch it free . Just do n't bother with this one .
 In the spirit of public service announcements , I am compelled to write this review.PLEASE DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM . IT HAS NO REDEEMING QUALITIES.Not even Tim Roth can save it . -LRB- Why , Tim Roth , why are you in this `` film '' ???!!! If it 's money you need , you should have come to me , and I would have PAID YOU not to make it ! -RRB- I do not know where to begin to `` review '' this , so I shall begin with d'Artagnan 's hat - it is hideous . As are the other three musketeers , but note that this is `` The Musketeer '' - singular , so expect a lot of solo work from Justin Chambers . Justin Chambers has a nice face , but it does not belong in this crap either . The sixty-year-old and apparently barren queen -LRB- played by Catherine Deneuve - why , gods , why ???!!! -RRB- is delightfully prettier than Meena Suvari -LRB- whose name is inexplicably `` Francesca '' in this chef d'ouevre of cinema -RRB- . There is no plot , only poorly lit , mal-orchestrated excuses for people to flip through the air and slash at things blindly with their swords as if they were being attacked by a murder of crows , instead of human opponents . There was also apparently not enough money left over -LRB- after , presumably , paying all the famous people to be in this -RRB- for good cinematography , costumes , art direction , screenwriters , etc. . Have I mentioned the lighting is REALLY BAD ? And the titles look so cheap , as if they were literally stolen from another -LRB- possibly 80 year old -RRB- movie.If , for some reason , you do not heed my warning , and DO find yourself watching this film , I recommend you take some Ambien as soon as possible and pray for oblivion .
 The star of the show is Justin Chambers and he gets incidental billing which is ridiculous despite his lack of acting skills . Having a weak lead actor is not the way to have box-office success . Stupid dialog does n't help either , along with the Rambo action mentality in which the good guy does n't get hit from close range.On the upside , some of the action scenes were spectacular , the best swordplay I 've ever seen . The ones at the beginning and the end of the film were the best , with some incredible stunt work.This movie is beautifully photographed , too . Tim Roth was a good villain , as usual , and the heroes - even if they could n't act - were fun to watch . The language is tame in here and the film should be rated PG , not PG - 13 .
 I will not review this based on the book , as I was never a big fan of the book anyways , but on the film itself.Mostly , I simply found most of the characters to be bland and lifeless , with the notible exception of the villian Febre , and the plot and dialogue to be fairly weak and unexciting.The swordfighting skills displayed in the movie were dazzling , but -LRB- as another reviewer also mentioned -RRB- considering that everyone appeared almost identicle , it was a little hard to tell at times who was fighting whom . Also , while again the fight scenes were dazzling , there was no practicle reason why some of the more over the top ones were even engaged in . I am referring mostly to the fight outside the tower on ropes -LRB- why did n't someone attempt to cut D'Artagnan 's rope instead of engaging him in an ariel fencing match ? -RRB- and the fight on the ladders -LRB- why would Febre give up stable ground to fight D'Artagnan on unsure footing ? -RRB- .
 I 've never seen any Musketeer movies , not even the Kiefer Sutherland one , but I can tell this one ai n't the best . It 's very rushed and the script is as flat as a blown-out tire . I mean it 's written by the guy who created the Police Academy franchise . Surely he should be blacklisted in Hollywood by now.Peter Hyams once again becomes his own cinematographer and does a kinda okay job . None of his trademark flair or wonderful use of widescreen is in this film and nothing really comes across as pretty or atmospheric . And this whole deal with the film apparently having an Eastern influence is total nonsense . There is like 2 fight scenes and neither of them are that spectacular and come across as a bit contrived . Just because an Asian guy did the choreography it does n't mean that this film has to look like The Matrix.The actors do what they can with the poor story and limp dialogue but still come across as being bored , especially Stepehen Rea . Tim Roth looks and acts like a cross between Chuck Norris and Charles Dance and his character is a bit of a clich&eacute; . ` The Man in Black ' ... puh-lease . And if you 're kinda wondering who that is playing Mena Suvari 's evil uncle then you might recognise him as Arthur Fowler from long over-running BBC1 misery and despair soap Eastenders.The Musketeer also seems to be badly edited around the PG-rating . Obviously this is what the studio wanted to aim for but it just seem right given the tone of the film and any scene in which someone dies looks like a badly staged pantomime . Even Dogtanian and the Three Muskahounds was more grown-up than this . And boy are those opening credits ugly!See it only for free on a day you 've got nothing better to do .
 Of all the swashbuckling action movies I 've seen , this is , unfortunately , the most horrid one I 've witnessed . Using martial arts with French swordsmen sounds like a good idea in theory , but to see it played out onscreen was just unforgiveable . You 'd think more time would have been spent on the dialogue than the look of the film . Granted , it comes across as an attempt to be a trendy action flick , but it falls flat due to the acting . Justin Chambers had the look to play D'Artagnan , but he left his emotions at the door . Stephen Rhea was horrible as Richelieu . His delivery was flat and emotionless . Thank God for Tim Roth . He was the only bright spot in this film . You just want to hate the guy for who he is and how crazily mean he is . The action sequences are okay at best , but I was n't amazed by any of it . The ladder fight sequence was interesting , but it ended kind of unheroically . It 's a shame , since Roth did so well throughout the rest of the film . Would I buy it again if given the chance , probably not , but I would rent it ... once .
 This movie sucked . The Disney version was way better . Do n't waste your money on this .
 `` The Three Musketeers '' has been a Hollywood staple for decades . 2001 's `` The Musketeer '' was an attempt to update the franchise using the latest in movie special effects and a focus on the character of D'Artagnan . Unfortunately , it falls short of being a successful adaption.In `` The Musketeer '' , Justin Chambers plays D'Artagnan as a hunky superwarrior , capable of fantastic feats of martial arts and swordsmanship on a par with `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon . '' The movie 's traditional story gets buried beneath a series of set-piece fight spectaculars . The fight scenes are interesting , but the plotline stringing them together has become paper-thin . The traditional plot complication involving the Duke of Buckingham and the French Queen is told in a confusing manner , while the three Musketeers themselves seem to have little to do with the story . Only Tim Roth as the Cardinal 's evil henchman shines at all . Young and attractive actress Mena Suvari is prominent as the Queen 's aide and as a love-interest for D'Artagnan , but her very modern and very immodest female personna wrong-foots the role . Catherine Deneuve seems uncomfortable as the Queen , as if looking for the nearest exit . Justin Chambers is wooden in delivery and lacking in the on-screen charisma we have come to expect from D'Artagnan as a character.This movie will be entertaining primarily to those with no expectations of the traditional story of `` The Three Musketeers . ''
 A lamentable adaptation of the classic `` Three Musketeers '' saga . This film looks stylish , but is appallingly dreadful in its cliche-ridden script and clumsy execution ... To begin with , trash all hope of seeing Alexandre Dumas 's grand story in a millennial revamp -- the script takes such liberties with the original material that we should consider ourselves lucky they remembered to call the hero D'Artagnan . The big deal with this film is supposed to be the Hong Kong-style `` wire works '' action scenes , which were choregraphed by Xin-Xin Xiong , of `` Crouching Tiger '' fame ... Well , there is no dragon hidden in these sequences -- they are both kinetically flat and a distracting anachronism
 Dumas would turn over in his grave . The story is terrible and where or where is the infamous Milady Dewinter -LRB- a central character -RRB- . Do n't bother .
 Wow , it is really really bad movie . I would rate it a B-Hong-Kongmartial arts movie -LRB- not even just B-movie -RRB- . I wonder who came up with this `` wonderful '' idea to introduce Chinese fighting into this classical story . Complete failure . Jerking plot -LRB- and just motion , even in fighting sequence -RRB- . Clothing was Ok and Mena Suvari acted well . Actually , many actors were potentially good , BUT the director and `` fighting horeographer '' are amazingly not good .
 This movie is outrageous and ridiculous and stupid and corny and just not one to watch and enjoy and absorb often . Please do yourself a favor and stay away from this mish mash of scenes . It do n't make much sense . Very little character development and even less fun ...
 I just want to say that I feel sorry for the wasted Blockbuster coupon - `` rent one movie get another free '' . So I rented `` Heist '' , which is another story , and this `` masterpiece '' . People from Newark of De United States might enjoy this -LSB- junk -RSB- but not me.My advice to all who concider to buy or rent this movie , do n't do it .
 i felt this was just a mish mash of scenes . it did n't flow nicely along and the star could no way handle the lead . after seeing MAN IN THE IRON MASK , you saw the unity of the musketeers , something i did n't get out of this . 5 of us watched it together and in the end we all agreed it was pretty boring .
 The Musketeer is just the same as the 3 Musketeer story that has been told over about 6 to 8 times already . All of those a better than this although The Musketeer has a few entaining sword battles at least and Tim Roth is good as the villain . Although Tim Roth 's villain with the eye patch has been seen before and is nothing new . Michael Wincott was very good in the same role in the Disney 3 Musketeers film too . Plus the end fight between Justin Chambers and Tim Roth involving ladders is kind of entertaining but it makes you wonder why all those ladders are even there though . If they were gon na make yet another one , they could of at least offered an original story . The Iron Mask was n't fantastic but at least it gave the Musketeers something new to do .
 The director took perfectly good characters from the greatest classic and decided to make his own story with them . Oh yeah , and he used a Chinese chareographer to make them jump around like ninjas . And another thing , Athos , Parthos , and Aramis were portrayed like a bunch of drunken losers instead of noble swordsmen . The director picked completely wrong actors to play the musketeers . This movie is a joke .
 Born and raised in France I will tell you this movie is a supreme insult to Mr. Alexandre Dumas ! The original masterpiece has been hacked to bits by a Hollywood mob hooked on fluff and with no regards whatsoever for substance ; the characters are shallow , the acting without flavor and the the whole movie altogether pointless . The fighting scenes would have been enjoyable had I not been bored to tears by the senseless rubbish stuffed in between them.I give it one star for the mere reason the Amazon does not offer the possibility of a lower grade . Save your money , buy the book instead !
 This movie is pure garbage ... After watching this for an hour and forty minutes I fell tired , and even dumber for the experience . The plot is interesting enough , but everything else falls on it 's face hard . D'Artagnan -LRB- Justin Chambers -RRB- is the least interesting character in the movie . He mulls through his lines as if it hurts his mind to speak the flat dialogue they have for his character . Mena Suvari 's flat dialogue at several points in the movie seem to coinside with the most mind-numbing parts the story has to offer . The sword fighting is good , but you never for a second believe Chambers is the one doing anything but waving a sword at nothing every ten seconds or so . The old man that teaches D'Artagnan to be a musketeer is interesting , as is the Queen , but Tim Roth , the coolest bad guy with a sword next to Darth Maul -LRB- Ray Park -RRB- , seems as though he was trapped into the film and is nowhere near as intence as he was in Rob Roy . His charater seems to have no ambition in life other than to kill everyone and make a name for himself as the most evil man alive.All i can say is a lot of people will rent this dumb movie because the trailer showed the most thrilling 20 seconds of the movie . In reality , the 20 second they show you are dull upon their arrival in the movie ...
 As soon as the credits begin at the start of this movie -LRB- accompanied by the most awful attempts at heroic-sounding music and cheesy graphics -RRB- , you know you 're not going to be seeing a great movie.Aside from the oft-mentioned lack of chasing of the escaping carraige by the guards , there are several other parts in this movie that just do n't make sense . My personal favorite :D ` Artagnan gets away on a carraige with some compatriots , while being chased by Tim Roth and his men on horses . Inventive as always , D'Artagnan explodes some gun powder barrels on a stone bridge after his group passes over it . Despite the fact that the explosion almost instantaneously becomes a 6-inch high little smoker , leaving the bridge completely intact , Tim Roth and his men all stop . Tim and D'Artagnan exchange the evil eye , but , no ! Tim Roth can not follow ! His horse could not possibly jump over the smoke , nor could it simply ride through.The acting , as well as the plot , is dreadful . How did Mena Suvari get into this picture ? Is it because she says her lines with as much expression as a head of a lettuce ? Looks even more out of place in a period movie than Leonardo did in Titanic?Justin Chambers is a miserable D'Artagnan , and his character is completely mauled , like everyone else . I can not think of a single character in this movie that is unchanged from the book.Even though this movie is a deplorably bad interpretation of book , it is also a deplorable waste of film . Did anyone in this movie actually think they were doing something intelligent?Despite all this , I actually had an immensely fun time watching it just because there is so much to make fun of . So , if you have n't seen it , I would recommend seeing it once because it 's such a -LSB- poor -RSB- movie that it really comes off as quite amusing .
 Perhaps the most entertaining part of this movie is watching an unintentional small luminous squid skitter across the screen about 30 minutes in.The second most entertaining part is watching with disbelief as a band of guards give up chasing a coach going five miles per hour the minute it passes through a set of gates.The movie was laughable and to be honest I could n't sit through the whole affair.The script was awful and the actors a -RRB- should have known better ; b -RRB- were really desperarte ; or c -RRB- thought it was a comedy and everything would work out all right in the end.This goes into my list of movies with no redeeming features , along with Spirited Killer and Modern Vampires .
 Many reviewers have done an excellent job detailing the shortcomings of this movie . I wish I would have looked here before renting it . On the plus side , The Musketeer has some nice looking sets and some well lit scenes . On the negative side , the lead actor is awful , the script trite and humorless , the whole presentation is just bland and unengaging . I did n't even like Tim Roth , who is just too sickeningly evil and even HE ca n't bring the part to life . Worst of all was the action choreography and editing . The fighting was so poorly staged and cut that I had to go back 2 or 3 times just to figure out what happened . Did anybody storyboard this stuff out ? Why do these filmakers think they need to cut the action so fast ? You rarely get a good look at the Musketeer when he 's fighting . I quit watching after the 2/3 point .
 Dear Makers of the Musketeer : So you tout yourself for having superb action sequences - okay , I 'm interested . So you say I should see your movie because it 's the same choreographer doing YOUR fights as The Matrix - now I 'm intrigued . Then you hire Tim Roth , who is a God among actors . And now I 'm hooked . OH YES PLEASE MAY I SEE YOUR MOVIE ? Then you do 4 VERY bad things .1 -RRB- YOU SPEND NO MONEY ON CINEMATOGRAPHY . Whoever lit this movie should be shaken ... repeatedly . Somebody thought it would be artistic to film this movie in `` Natural Lighting '' . Too bad that some of the scenes are so damn dark you ca n't see anything at all . You guys were WAY too interested in making pretty shots and not at all interested in whether or not I can actually SEE them .2 -RRB- YOUR EDITOR IS PROBABLY THREE . No , that 's insulting to toddlers everywhere . Whomever it was that put this film together has issues - he/she must be spastic . It 's great that you put in all these wonderful fight scenes - it 's great that you used your entire budget to choreograph everything , but at least film the stupid movie so that I can watch the scenes without the camera moving angles 57 times . It was jarring . You see the fight from one angle - something cool happens - then the camera abruptly cuts to a face shot . Action is flying everywhere BUT THEY 'RE FILMING THE LOOK ON THE ACTOR 'S FACE . WHY ????? WHY ????? Trust me , the acting was n't good enough to warrant filming their faces ! 3 -RRB- YOU HAVE NO SCRIPT . Storyline-wise , you have a bunch of drunken , disorderly Musketeers who are very sad because the king has disbanded them . Suddenly , just because the hero says so , they all follow him like rats and the Pied Piper ! Wheeeeee ! Wish life was that easy . And the dialogue ... do n't get me started .4 -RRB- YOU WASTE TIM ROTH . In reality , you had a pretty good cast . But when you give them no script , do n't inspire them , and under-pay them , they give wooden performances . And you wonder why ? The only interesting actor among them was Tim Roth , and his lines were so cruddy that it was difficult to appreciate him . That 's just heinous - sinful . Bad.This movie was such an abomination , and to think I actually looked forward to it . Please , Please do n't make another movie like this EVER again . I do n't think I could live through the hype and the hideous product . Really . It brought tears to my eyes . Yuck .
 Forget about Battlefield Earth . Forget about Tomb Raider . Forget about Planet of the Apes . This is easily the worst big budget Hollywood film made in the last five years . Yes , the trailer was awesome , and had many a moviegoer drueling to see what the Three Musketeers would be like with some Hong Kong flavor to spice things up , but the movie itself is complete and utter filth.Where does one begin ? First of all , the much-touted choreography is hardly anything but a cameo in this picture . Action sequences are sparse and everything good was on the aforementioned trailer . Wirework is excessive to the point where it seems that gravity is non-existent . The actors do n't seem to want to be IN this film either , which is clearly reflected by their pained facial expressions as they deliver their incoherent dialogue . Even the cinematography is bad - sometimes it 's too bloody dark to even see what 's going on ! And do n't expect to see much of the Three Musketeers here either . They 're bit parts , if that , and severely disrespected at every turn by the hero who should look up to them.This film has got some bad press , but not half as much as it deserves . If you want some Dumas , go watch the far superior Count of Monte Cristo . If you want some musketeer action , check out the 1998 adaptation of The Man in the Iron Mask . Heck , you 'd be better off watching Disney 's 1993 Robin Hood rip-off . Just do yourself a favor and avoid this like the Black Plague .
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever watched . The story line is weak and the acting is horrible . For example , this woman got shot and she was like `` I 'm not dead yet , please go and kill him ! '' ok , that was just stupid !!! Also , they overdid the fighting and it was just too much , as if they tried hard to make it too amazing.Overall , HORRIBLE MOVIE !!!
 But I ca n't bring myself to give it only one star . Probably because the fight coriographer seemed to put so mush effort into the thing ... too bad most of the fight scenes were either too dark to see what was going on , or badly shot making the fight scenes a confusing mess . Anyway , I was actually going to write a much longer review of this movie , but there is no way I could do better than wild_man_dave from Austin who said just about all that needed to be said . The only thing that I want to add is that if you are a fan of the Musketeer books like I am the only way you will ever enjoy this movie -LRB- even as a cheesy action -RRB- is to make sure you see this movie as having no connection what so ever to the Musketeer books .
 Of all the swashbuckling action movies I 've seen , this is , unfortunately , the most horrid one I 've witnessed . Using martial arts with French swordsmen sounds like a good idea in theory , but to see it played out onscreen was just unforgiveable . You 'd think more time would have been spent on the dialogue than the look of the film . Granted , it comes across as an attempt to be a trendy action flick , but it falls flat due to the acting . Justin Chambers had the look to play D'Artagnan , but he left his emotions at the door . Stephen Rhea was horrible as Richelieu . His delivery was flat and emotionless . Thank God for Tim Roth . He was the only bright spot in this film . You just want to hate the guy for who he is and how crazily mean he is . The action sequences are okay at best , but I was n't amazed by any of it . The ladder fight sequence was interesting , but it ended kind of unheroically . It 's a shame , since Roth did so well throughout the rest of the film . Would I buy it again if given the chance , probably not , but I would rent it ... once .
 If there were zero stars I 'd give it that . The fight scenes did n't bother me or the fact it has nothing to do with the real muskateers did n't bother me . However , it has some of the worst acting I have ever done . Basically they just read there lines . School plays have better acting . This so far is the worst movie I have every seen , and I watch a lot of movies . Whatever you do , do not see this movie
 Wow , now here is an accomplishment , this has to have been the most lazily made movie I have ever seen . In fact , it would have made a perfect parody if it were funny . The script appears to have been a phone in , if that . Every plot point and piece of dialog here is really just an excuse to get to another fighting or otherwise monotonous action sequence . And the fighting scenes are about exactly what you 'd expect from seemingly having had about 10 minutes total spent on each of them -LRB- 2 minutes = choreography , 2 minutes = rehearsal , 6 minutes = filming -RRB- . Also , if you are looking for breaks in this block of writing that would be meant to represent new paragraphs , you are n't going to find them . Uh uh , not here , this is a concept piece -- I plan on putting just as much effort into this review as the entire crew put into the making of The Musketeer . Anyhoo , moving on . The score , the score , the score ... the score is ... um , how do you say ... dog -LSB- explitive deleted -RSB- . No , no , no , that 's not true , my dog could probably take a -LSB- explitive deleted -RSB- more passionate than this film 's score . Now , I have a confession to make , I cry during motion pictures . Action , comedy , drama , it really does n't matter , show me emotions and I will show you a little dampness around the eyes . That little bit of unpleasantness disclosed , I did n't shed a single tear during The Musketeer . Casting ? Well , you know , it has Mena Suvari , you ca n't really go wrong there -- but what about the lead , you ask ? Well he was a model plucked from Calvin Klein ads . Says the director -LRB- also male -RRB-
 Peter Hyams explains his version of the oft-told Dumas tale as a `` re-vision '' of The Three Musketeers . -LRB- The hyphen in the word `` re-vision '' is not mine , it is included in all the accompanying literature associated with the Miramax release . Mr. Hyams does not explain why the story needs to be re-vised . Yet , after dozens of works of fiction , including stage , movie , television , radio drama , pantomime , ballet , orchestral works and point-of-purchase candy bar display racks , somehow Hollywood has determined that what keeps this classic swashbuckling product from selling is its story . So it gets re-vised . God save us all from the re-vision thing.Just to bring you up on the Hyams version of the story
 This has to be one of the most disappointing films I have ever seen . So , if you 're expecting the film to resemble Alexandre Dumas ' The Three Musketeers , the classic novel on which the movie is based , you will be sadly mistaken . -LRB- Dumas , on the other hand , must be turning in his grave . -RRB- The opening credits should have been a clue for what was to come because instead of being pulled into the film I felt as though I were being lulled to sleep . I do n't know what the director or editor was thinking by flashing pictures on the screen during the opening credits because for a moment there I thought I was watching a slide show.The script itself was far from intriguing because it droned on much like the monotone delivery of leading actor Justin Chambers . Worse still , because Chambers did n't have a French accent he could n't even pronounce his own character 's name , D'Artagnan , correctly . So , the authenticity of the movie was immediately questioned because of this glaring oversight . -LRB- Chambers began his career as a model . Surely he could have invested some of his money on a vocal coach . -RRB- Speaking of unconvincing-the fight scenes were highly forgettable not only because of the choreography , but because of the directing . The sequences felt so rushed that the audience barely had enough time to absorb the choreography . In addition , a few of the stunts reminded me of the gravity defying feats often seen on episodes of Xena
 My expectations for this movie were vague . I 'd never heard of star Justin Chambers -LRB- I now know why -RRB- , but I was familiar with director Peter Hyams and liked his `` Capricorn One '' and `` Outland '' , so I figured what the heck.What the heck , indeed.This movie was awful . Justin Chambers can not act . -LRB- I 've never understood the allure of the cherubic Mena Suvari either . -RRB- Not that acting chops could 've saved the script . I was willing to give the `` twist '' - Hong Kong-style hijinks in 17th c. France - a chance , but even that did n't work . The fact that the fight sequences were so contrived was n't the worst of it . It 's the fact that they were photographed so badly and the faces of the `` actors '' were nearly always in shadow . I realized the only reason I continued watching was to see Catherine Deneuve , who did n't have a lot to work with either , but still managed to be her usual luminous self.What I do n't get is how the director of two of my personal favorites managed to churn out this dust-bunny of a movie . Was he happy with the way it turned out ? Did he notice that his lead could n't act ? Did he care ? -LRB- `` Sean Connery ? Bah ! Get me that Chambers kid ! '' -RRB- It also put me to sleep . Zonked me right out . And I was n't tired . I just could n't keep my eyes open . `` The Musketeer '' should 've been called `` The Ambien '' . Save your time and money -LRB- as the studio that released this should 've done -RRB- and avoid this lackluster swashbuckler .
 Now this movie was flat out bad . I mean really bad . I mean so bad non sober person would say this movie was bad . The best acted role was that of a 4 year old . That 's really sad . In its favor , and this is amazing , it had wonderful costumes , and sets , and scenery designs , ca n't really speak highly enough about that . The movie had a couple of good action scenes , but you know only Jackie Chan can carry a bad plot and deliver good action and get by with it .
 Plenty of people have complained about the storyline and acting . I have to agree . I 've read Dumas ' book , it 's great , and this is not even close . Enough said.Others have praised the fighting , but really , you can see better fighting in better movies . The fights range from no-skills brawling -LRB- for example , knocking out two men with two punches to the face , or beating down two swordsmen with a tree branch -RRB- to Hong Kong-style acrobatics . But then , it was n't even close to the acrobatics you can find in Iron Monkey -LRB- from 1993 , directed by Yuen Woo-ping -RRB- in Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , or in Jet Li 's Fist of Legend . Those kinds of stunts fit nicely in the Asian culture but look strange in 17th century France.Are we really supposed to believe that overweight slob taught D'Artagnan how to fight like that ? And in the end , Tim Roth might have won the fight if he 'd spent more time fencing and less time jumping around on ladders like a circus clown . See Iron Monkey instead !
 The Musketeer , billed as a visionary new interpretation of one of the most filmed stories in movie history , falls far short of its promises.With weak screenwriting and poor dialogue , the audience will find itself silently groaning over poorly delivered , predictable lines and wondering if the director 's intention was humor or high drama.Poor editing can be found throughout the film and even the most casual viewer will notice inconsistencies.The action sequences , which add some fresh intensity to the film , ocassionally leave much to be desired . Obvious time compression in action scenes can leave an audience expecting blockbuster-quality seqences disappointed.Overall , the Musketeer is indeed a new vision of a tried-and-true classic , but whether this vision is worth seeing is debatable .
 Apparently in 17th Century France , the laws of gravity were suspended for a time . Everyone leaps around on wires to the point that it is getting silly . The swordfighting is O.K. but , it 's heavly influenced by Wu Shu Kung Fu which is understandable given the stunt coreographer for the movie . The acting is wooden with half the cast speaking with a French accent and everyone else speaking Californian.Justin Chambers ca n't pronounce D'Artagnian , it sound like he is saying `` Darten '' overall , it 's not that great a version of the Three Musketeers .
 I went to see `` The Musketeer '' expecting a fun flick with some over-the-top fight scenes . What I got was one of the few films I have ever wanted to walk out on . This movie is bad.I love Hong Kong action films , and I have seen many an actor fly across the screen in wire-fu action . Xin Xin Xiong is billed as a `` legendary '' fight master even though this is only the 3rd film he has choreographed . A quick check shows that most of Xin Xin Xiong 's career has been as an extra in various Jet Li films . The ladder scene is remarkably similar to a scene in `` Once Upon a Time in China . '' -LRB- Which was choreographed by Woo-ping Yuen of `` The Matrix '' and `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon '' fame . -RRB- The rope scene on the tower is just silly . -LRB- Why not just cut the ropes ? -RRB- Hardly a `` legendary '' fight master.The acting is a bad as any I have ever seen . Tim Roth , who is usually great , sleepwalks through the film . What Justin Chambers does can not really be called acting . There is no plot.Yikes ! I could go on ! Rent at your own risk . This movie is terrible !
 This movie was truly painful to watch . There is not enough space in this review to list all of the things wrong with this movie . But I will try.First of all ... Some actors have British accents , others French , and the lead has an American accent . Yet others have migratory accents that wander between these three . Much of the dialogue has obviously been dubbed in after , and it sounds like it . Also , exposition is painfully squeezed into every stilted , dubbed-over line . The characters are so cartoonish and unbelievable that you will be cheering for D'Artagnan 's death by the end . ... The only reason I bothered to see this movie was for the choreographed fight scenes that looked cool in the commercial . Unfortunately , they are short , poorly filmed , and badly edited . ...
 `` The Musketeer '' is one of the worst films that I 've ever sat through . I ca n't really say that I was disappointed with the movie . I had read the reviews here before seeing it . I really just wanted to see it for myself out of idle curiosity . Well , you know how the saying goes -- `` Curiosity killed the cat . '' What does baffle me though is that I 've actually read reviews by people who seem to be under the impression that if someone hates this movie , it 's merely because it is n't faithful to Dumas ' novel . Trust me , folks . This one is bad on its own . It does n't have to be compared to any book in order to get a bad review . I watched this movie with someone else who has never read any of Dumas ' work and he agreed with me entirely that the movie was garbage . It is bad in every possible way . The acting is bad . The writing is bad . The camera work and lighting is bad . If nothing else though I have learned something from this experience . Sometimes , ignorance is bliss . In the future , I 'm not going to let idle curiosity get the better of me and when a movie gets as many negative reviews as this one has , I 'm going to stay away from it .
 It 's not so much the fact that there have been far too many Musketeer films , as the fact that this movie stinks !!! The acting is totally atrocious !!! SOme of the worst acting I 've seen on film . Mena Suvari was so good in American Beauty , but in this dud she could n't act her way out of a paper bag.Whoever that guy is playing D'artanan ... he looked a bit like Chris O'Donnell , who did play this character in the three musketeers , he needs to take some acting classes or find a new career . What a bore!While this fellow was nice to look at , he was such a bad actor ! He needs to just stick to something easy , like male modeling.This is just another attempt at a swashbuckler film , and it failed miserably . Reminds me of some made for t.v. movie that might show up on the WB network.Watch the Musketeer film with Chris O'Donnell and Kiefer Sutherland . It 's a much better made film .
 This may not be the worst movie ever made but it 's the worst I 've seen in a long time . The tired premise will be instantly recognisable to anyone who 's ever watched the Saturday Kung-Fu movie special
 With a `` pert near '' absence of plot , acting , and storyline , Musketeer falls flat on its face . What looks to be a pseudo-copy of the Disney version with Oliver Platt et al , is a hopeless effort with truly awful screenwriting , character development , and fight scenes that imploy so much cloth and whirling that it 's impossible to tell who ever gets wounded . I distinctly notice within the first five minutes , however , that the film was quite dead . Please do n't make me ever watch a film where most actors have a British accent , but the lead actor mumbles along with an L.A. drawl . Please do n't make the mistake of renting this movie
 I 'm not sure who I am more dissapointed in
 ca n't remember the last time I rolled my eyes so many times in a movie I knew within the first 10 minutes of the show that it was gon na -LSB- be bad -RSB- See the acrobatic martial-artist French 17th-century swordsmen &#65533; words you had a right never to expect to see together ! and the action is so badly edited and darkly lit that it 's hard to tell what 's happening many scenes dark and difficult to seeThis movie was one of the worst I have seen this year bad acting and the awful remake you must have watched Richard Lester 's very enjoyable `` The Three Musketeers '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- and `` The Four Musketeers '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- . Save your time and rent those two tonight .
 really awful movie . The main character was completely without expression or emotion . The climactic fight scene was so completely `` out there '' that you might believe you stumbled into Shrek outtakes . Honestly , what barn has over 20 ladders ?
 Unless something comes out in the future to trump this ... It 's going to go down for me as the worst film of all time . If you have a pet peeve that ruins a movie for you then it is probably in here . I feel symphathy for Tim Roth who must have took this role on a dare.I felt so blindsided when I watched this because I was not expecting the utter trash this film is . The negative review in the Spotlight Review section are right on the money . You could n't pay me to watch this again . Too bad there is n't a zero star .
 I think it is admirably quirky that they tried to graft a Hong Kong martial arts movie style onto a 17th Century `` Three Musketeers '' knockoff , but the final product here is flat out awful , and should never have been released . From the first , the stunts might have been cool , but the editing of the fighting scenes is so bad they are unappreciable , and it 's often difficult to figure out what 's going on . The whole ladder climax was so blatantly -LSB- borrowed -RSB- from Great Hero From China that even that could n't offer a tiny shred of redemption.The thing is just barely watchable . If this was made in 1985 , it might make for a funny bad rental , but this thing came out in 2001 ! Bad direction , miserable acting , horrible editing , and one of the most ineptly written scripts equals one big stinkbomb from start to finish.First of all , the miscasting was at such a level it is hard to believe it was n't deliberate . Justin Chambers is , frankly , horrible in this role ; I ca n't hypothesize what kind of role in which he might not be horrible . All of the other actors and their characters are ludicrous and instantly forgettable , except for Tim Roth , who had the decency to be a goof off . Chambers ' `` mentor '' reminded me of Andre the Giant 's character from the Princess Bride , and we never get to understand how this supposedly incredible swordfighter kid was trained by an overweight guy with bad lungs who rarely moves.The script was just appalling . The `` wooing '' scenes between Chambers and Suvari were , of course , miserably acted , but the dialogue itself was just embarrassing . You will cringe . The overall plot is ridiculously superficial , yet they still manage to make it a total mess of head-scratchingly bad ideas . That Cardinal Richelieu would have ever hatched plots of such idiocy is inconceivable . He was a schemer to the core , which Dumas always portrayed wonderfully , but ultimately his schemes were designed to enhance the power of the throne and his authority over the king , not undermine it and try and get countries to declare war on France . There 's no point listing the rest of its absurdities.Although this was billed as a quasi-martial arts flick , there are really only a few genuine fight scenes , and again , they are badly edited -LRB- way too many confusing cuts and obvious speed-motion edits -RRB- and it 's pretty clear that Chambers did almost none of his own stunts . Hyams should not be directing action flicks.The music poorly corresponded to anything on screen , and since I hate this movie , I might as well hate the music too . It was dreadful . Also , the transfer to VHS was awful ; for the first half-hour it looked dullish and yellow , and everything sounded flat . Maybe the DVD is better.Dumas ' original `` The Three Musketeers '' was obviously a wonderful novel , but none of the hilarious interplay between the Musketeers manages to find a way into the script . Aramis , Porthos , and Athos were instead lifeless dolts with no wit , even for the little time they were on screen . The reason they keep making movies from Dumas ' novels is that they were fantastic , well-written stories that have endured through the ages . Somehow , the movie versions almost always manage to then abuse them into barely recognizable mushes of hackwork . I know this movie was designed for 12 year olds , but they deserve a lot more credit than to have to endure this pandering , half-hearted miscarriage of a movie .
 If you have any respect for a story , characters or an era ... DONT WATCH THIS . The names resemble the characters from a classic story written by Andre Dumas . This is about as far as the similarity goes . This is a big budget disaster . Did they try to keep it real by lighting the night scenes with candles ? It provides a washed out set which might have been its redeeming feature.Dumas is turning in his grave .
 This is absolutely the worst 17th century movie I have ever seen.Words can not describe how much it revolted me.They could do a better job if they would not try to make a film at all.If halfway through the movie , the actors began to turn into lizards , it would not have surprised me.Controlling the urge to vomit was hard to say the least.As an armourer , reenactor , historian , and having studied the sword arts for more than two decades , I can honestly say that I believe in my own heart that Micky Mouse could have played the lead role and the little pigs could have been the Three Musketeers , which by the way , we do not even get to know the Musketeers in the movie , due to the focus being on superhuman acts of levitation and flight.But if you must watch it , please bear in mind that this movie is pure fantasy when it comes to any historical value and I would not recommend it even to children if you ever want them to learn `` real '' storylines , from `` real '' books , based on `` real '' history .
 this is the story of the musketeers as you 've never seen it before - with everything from bad acting to pathetic special effects to poor lighting . this , being probably the worst adaptation of the story i have ever seen , can be seen more as a comedy than an actual action-packed film . the girl in the film -LRB- does it really matter what her name was -RRB- survived a major blow to the chest with a gun and lived to be fine and healthy as ever -LRB- must be the bullet-proof corsets -RRB- . and , of course , there are the fight scenes . somewhere between the poor choreography and the fact that the musketeer `` gravitated '' to his enemies like something out of the matrix , i began to realize that this movie was n't going to be oscar material . if you one of those people who think they absolutely must see this movie , i should warn you , you 'll never look at the story of the musketeers the same way again . this low-budget attempt to give a new twist to the old tale does not do that original story justice .
 The tagline on the theatrical poster for `` The Musketeer '' proclaims
 I saw this in the theaters with my friend , expecting to see a cross between `` The Three Musketeers '' and `` The Matrix . '' Instead , I saw this poor substitute for a movie with terrible acting , character development , storyline , and notice how on the cover the `` critics '' say `` Spectacular Action Sequences . '' They can only say good things about the fight scenes which are too short to count ! Take my word on this
 Lord , have mercy . This is one of the most stupid movies I have ever seen . The plot is weak . Even Tim Roth ca n't save this movie from being silly mostly because of the leading man and the action sequences.Firstly , Justin Chambers is a terrible lead . Maybe he 's pretty , but he ca n't act ! I have no idea how such a bad actor got the leading part . He is completely unconvincing and has no charisma whatsoever . I did n't even care about the character and I found myself rooting for Roth.Some people say that the action sequences are spectacular . Well , to me they are stupid and irrational . I mean , what the hell is this ? Does nobody care about realism ? D'Artagnan is fighting with a european sabre Kung Fu/Jackie Chan style ! I have no idea how somebody could come up with such an idiotic idea . Do n't get me wrong - I love Kung Fu flicks , but putting in Hong Kong action in a costume drama in 17th century France is ridiculous ! You might as well cast Jackie Chan as King Arthur!To sum up , this movie is just plain bad . If want to watch a good Musketeer film , then watch Richard Lester 's . The fights are choreographed by William Hobbs , a EUROPEAN FENCING choreographer .
 It must be awfully hard to mess up a screen adaptation from a great novelist like Alexander Dumas , but here they somehow managed . I hate to sound so cynical , but here goes : The single most thing that really ruined this movie for me was the acting ... -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- This is what you get when you cast a pretty-boy model who 's never acted before and expect him to carry the film in a lead role . The rest of the actors were unknowns or hardly-knowns who did n't perform much better than he did . Even the prestigious roles of Porthos , Athos , and Aramis were demoted down to bit parts and played by extras ... Okay , maybe that 's an exaggeration , but were you familiar with any one of those actors who were playing the Musketeers?What prevented this movie from being a total disaster was the cool action scenes plus the magnificent scenery . Still , it has to be one of the most disappointing musketeer films ever . If you decide to watch it , just imagine talented famous actors playing the parts and it wo n't be so bad after all .
 I 'm not even all the way through this movie yet and already I 'm -LSB- upset -RSB- that I spent $ 3 to rent it . The acting is horrible , save for Tim Roth whose always great , and not-so-bad performances by Mena Suvari , Stephen Rea , and Catherine Deneuve.So really who does that leave ? Justin Chambers . I can understand to a certain degree that he got the role with his pretty face to charm the women into sitting down in front of the screen , but damn ... He 's incapable of showing any emotion , and what emotion he does show is all in the same monotone voice . He 's the only one who ca n't seem to pronounce his characters name , and his accent sounds suspiciously American for something based in France . Call me crazy , but it seems that in the 14 years between boyhood and young adult , poor D'Artagnan lost his accent . But never fear ladies , he takes of his shirt a couple times which apparently seems to make up for his lack of acting ability.As for the actual movie , I find it rather boring , and decidely so being that I 'm writing this as I 'm supposed to be watching it . I 'm trying to tune out the incredibly elaborate , hollywood story and focusing on the action scenes because thats the only thing thats got my attention , and even that is n't so great , I 've seen much better.Anyway , if you 've got a few bucks burning a hole in your pocket , go ahead and rent this , give it a shot , I promise it wo n't hurt that bad . Now I guess I 'll go ahead and finish watching this heap , I hear the final fight scene is truly * cough cough * amazing .
 This is the worse film that I have ever seen , the only thing that it has in common with Alexander Dumas story is the names of some of the characters , the rest is pure fiction , is a mixture of a series B chinese film Kung Fu fighters dressed as Musketeers -LRB- but only at the end of the film -RRB- and a story created by someone that spend a night smoking or drinking God knows what and decided to make a film inspired by Alexander Dumas.No historical facts , nothing in common with the book apart from a few names , an insult to history and Dumas.This DVD ended in my dust bin . .
 The picture is dark , and so dark that sometimes you ca n't even see the movie !! This is incredible , actors are speaking like if they were reading their text . No emotion , no feeling ! What a deception !!
 Someone involved with this film should have read the book at some point . This makes either of Disney 's versions valid . The best adaptation , to date , is the mid - ' 70 's Three Musketeers/Four Musketeers directed by Richard Lester -LRB- A Hard Day 's Night -RRB- and starring Michael York , Oliver Reed , Richard Chamberlain , Frank Finlay , Raquel Welch , and Charlton Heston . That version actually follows the book , for the most part , unlike this Musketeers meets Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon catastrophe .
 ... say `` sure , it 's no Rob Roy '' , or `` sure , it 's no Mask of Zorro '' to defend this film , since the latter two films were n't all that great either . Or better yet , say `` Every film ca n't be an Oscar '' . In conclusion , `` The Musketeer '' = worse than most B movies .
 I strongly prefer `` The Three Musketeers '' with Charlie Sheen , Kiefer Sutherland , and Chris O'Donnell over this . The ladder room scene what the only this I actually considered worth watching .
 We were wanting something to make us laugh . They Went That A Way & That A Way was so unbearable . We did n't even watch the other movie , this one was that bad .
 These two movies are not Conway 's best , but they are still pretty good . The only problem , and the reason for the 1 star rating , is that the DVD presents these films with the sides cut off . In other words , Pan and scan . Had I know that , I would not have bought this .
 The movie `` They Went That-A-Way '' was so corny . Tim Conway is a really funny guy , but should n't write scripts for movies . Some parts of this movie were slow . I would never prob watch this one again.The `` Longshot '' was better with Harvey Korman and Tim Conway teamed up in this one with Jack Weston . Most of this one funny , but some parts could have been left out . These two movies are not for children to watch anyway .
 I bought this because I really enjoyed `` The Apple Dumpling Gang '' . I was desapointed ... greatly ! The humor is weard and not funny ... and the stories are boring ... really boring .
 Tim Conway is more classic in the T-W-T-A-W & T-A-W than in the Longshot . Neither my brother , mother nor myself watching the Longshot enjoyed it . There are long stretches to get a half-a-chuckle . As a matter of fact , the movie just seemed long period . The team work of Conway and Korman never gets off the ground like we are used to like the Carol Brunette show . Tim wrote and produced this one , but did n't deliver the funnies . You 'll find a few more laughs in T & T.
 I watched for about 15 minutes and was turned off by the poor acting and script . The noir atmosphere was poorly executed as well , really just confused the scene instead of adding to it .
 Bad , It really could n't catch my attention . So so acting and not so good effects . The plot has been overdone .
 I rented this movie because i love adrien paul in highlander and well the premise that he is a vampire makes it all the sweeter . Unfortunatly he alone could not carry the film . The movie is set in an skewed alternate version of the reality we all know . The version we get is a neo nazi like world in a bleak black and blue hue . The funny thing right off is the human police station is littered with propaganda messages and posters . Why the filmakers put that in this movie is beyond me . I guess their trying to convey the surrealism of this world . Vampires in this `` reality '' exist and recently exposed themsleves to humans at a risk of being demonized . Then when the process is at its critical stage , a serial killer emerges from the shadows and starts picking off young college girls . We find out that the killer is a vampire and has a political agenda . Which is to stop the vampires assimilation into humanity . A great premise which is killed at the very begining.The acting at best was a classic b-film . The actors look as though they know that the script sucks but they try to make it seem as if it does n't . Adrien Paul is very convincing in his role as vampire cop Aaron . He is the only bright spot in the film . Bai Ling is a eccentric female vampire who falls for Bookem Woodbine 's character . I forget his characters name because he was as wooden as you can be . He does n't fit the whole `` tough cop in a bad situation trying to make the most of it '' kinda guy . The scenes in themselves seem ridiculous . At one point in the film Adrien Paul 's character is shooting at human cops because they attacked first i guess . He does this spinning in the air thing and you can obviously tell that he 's spinning on wires . The sex scene reminded me of well a soft core porno because the music in that scene sounded just like the chessy music in such a film . Minus the nudity . You see them bumping and grinding but it never really goes anywhere . And they like showing a pillar apparently in the `` bedroom '' with ivy and water pouring down it . Maybe that is an innuendo . The nudity that is in the film is downright ridiculous and makes the audience feel embarrased to watch it . Over all i think it could have been done better and i only watch it to see adrien paul in all his sexy vampire glory . I 'd let him bite me anytime .
 When I saw the previews for this movie it looked very interesting to look at . Was I wrong or what . It goes to show that not all previews are always good .
 Hi , I live in Hungary , and if U aRe interested I can send you some infos about the Hungarian actors in this this film.I think they are the best thing in this film : - -RRB-
 A really god awful movie ! Save your money . The scenes were dark and hard to follow . The plot was terrible . I only gave it one star because Adrian Paul was in it . At least he gave the viewer something to look at . His talent was totally wasted on this bomb .
 This movie sucked and if anymore of you goths post something good about this movie witch you dum snot noise punks will do ill trune you into hard working tax paying suit where in rebulicans ... and make you watch the part in blade three where you killed over and over and over till you die ^ . ^ witch you probobly want to but when your about to die you wont wan na die dum asses oh and this is 2005 goths are gay now there in the hipy rank you fail like them misrably failing and wasteing away thinging if a whine enough to the goverment thell lesson to me PULLLEAZEEE the goverment could care less about your asses .
 This is not a vampire film , because the vampires in this film they dont die by sun light . That is not playing by the rules . Every single vampires film I ever saw , the vampires ALWAYS dies by sun light.Anyway this is a very poor vampire film . I hate the plot story , it 's just crap.If you want to see good vampires movies try FRIGHT NIGHT - LOST BOYS - BLADE - FROM DUSK TILL DAWN - INTERVIEW WITH A VAMPIRE . They are the best so cheak them out .
 The 2 stars I have given this film is for the the only 2 `` real '' stars of this mess ; Adrian Paul and Bai Ling ... As for the horrible acting -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- by Boreem Woodbine is as wooden as it gets ! It is the near future in a dark and atmospheric almost neo-Nazi noirish world where vampires have just recently revealed themselves to humanity . However , humanity is not ready to accept them . Vampires are now the most persecuted , feared , and hated race on earth ! One renegade vampire is on a human killing spree . It is up to a human detective -LRB- Woodbine -RRB- and a vampire detective -LRB- Paul -RRB- with the help of the beautifully exotic and eccentric female vampire -LRB- Bai Ling -RRB- to track down and capture this renegade of the vampire underworld ... Truth be told that most vampire movies in today 's modern age hold very little shock or horror value as in the `` olden '' days anymore -LRB- seen it , been there , done it , kinda attitude -RRB- ... However , this so-called stylish film part-time fashion show and bottom of the barrel acting by secondary or -LRB- un -RRB- supporting actors puts the vampire story and the movie 's story -LRB- myth , legend , or otherwise -RRB- into complete hilarity ... Some of the effects are poorly executed much like the acting by Woodbine -LRB- visible cable wires attached to actors , Adrian Paul 's character sliding on a poorly hidden track board in a shooting sequence -RRB- . In time I 'm sure the creator of this post mortem production will say that it was meant to be this way as a sort of tongue and cheek homage to the older vampire Hollywood films ... However , this is no homage or tribute ; It 's just insulting to the audience and the fool like me who rented it -LRB- one born every day , right ?! -RRB- ... Save your time and money . Unless , you are a truly die hard fan of Adrian Paul or Bai Ling or both more power to you.Otherwise , SKIP IT ! ... P.S. Here 's the hint to skipping this stinker ... If you see only one VHS copy -LRB- no dvd -RRB- in one of the 2 hugest video rental stores in the nation , there 's a reason ! I should have heeded such a warning .
 I do n't particularly like vampire flicks , but am very attracted by the name of Bai Ling , so I watched this movie . She was in Jodie Foster 's `` Anna and the King '' -LRB- which I hate -RRB- and in `` Wild Wild West '' -LRB- no comment -RRB- . In both films , she was utterly ill-used , because of the misguided directors who do n't know what to do . Then this one came.If you seek for blood-sucking vampires , `` The Breed '' is not the place . The setting is unique , some people might find , but actually is another version of buddy movie , with one vampire -LRB- Adrian Paul -RRB- and one human -LRB- Bokeem Woodbine -RRB- , both trying to catch a serial killer . The near future society of humans has become totalitarian , like that of `` Brazil , '' and the leader of vampires , not entirely hostile to humans , proposes to stop sucking humans ' blood , content with substitute food which taste very bad . But as the investigation proceeds , the unlikely pair is about to find a conspiracy that would change the whole world.Well , that is the sketch of the story , and it is fairly interesting . However , the director Michael Oblowitz , too intent on styles , forgets to entertain us with coherent storytelling . Like his previous `` This World Then the Firework , '' he shows interesting ideas and stylish cameraworks , but soon bogs down among the mire of them . His idea of neglected vampires among cold-hearted humans has considerable brilliance , but after a while we realize the film stops there , just showing the vision which is initially intriguing , but soon losing steam.Virtually a vampire version of James Caan film `` Alien Nation , '' the charm of the film should have come from the cast . Adrain Paul is good as a creepy -LRB- but not evil -RRB- vampire with a slight tinge of young Christopher Lee , but Woodbine is miscast , utterly discrediting the power of the story . But compared with misguided use of Bai Ling , whose acting is confined within a heavy make-up , it is nothing . It is not until we come to the end of the film that we see bit of her acting skill that made her name in `` Red Corner . '' Perhaps , they wanted to take her as an exotic beauty whose only function is to decorate the screen . Mistake .
 This is even worse than the original Nosferatu , a silent film . The story is not fully written , it ca n't seem to decide if it is a vampire story , or a distopian science fiction story . The setting is never explained , or even noticed by the actors . They dress for the 1940 's with dashes of the 1990 's thrown in . They behave as if it were just after WWII , so why does it seem that half the story setting was stolen from George Orwell 's 1984 ? That there are vampires is just a coincidence . The story would have worked better without them .
 Okay where to start . If you are considering buying this movie , let me encourage you to make your own decision . This is just my opinion . The film was incredibly horrible , as Adrian Paul 's acting skills are drowned by the poor actors around him . Woodbine tried his best , but this is definitely not the role for him . Bai Ling was herself , but regardless of who played the roles the film was doomed from the beginning . They could have put Wesley Snipes in Woodbine 's role and Yoko Matsugane in Bai Ling 's role , and the film still would have been a heap of putrid trash . -LRB- would have been some great love scenes though -RRB- . The supposedly `` hot '' love scene between Woodbine and Bai Ling just made obvious how this story plot was garbage.I could tell from the moment he went into her house he was going to have sex with her later on in the film . They were stairing at each other like two dogs in heat . Also , just a thought , why in the world would you want to have sex with a vampire ? IF you know she is a vampire and drinks blood , why would you want to sleep with her ? The action sequences were so choppy it did n't even make sense . Just how many times were they going to switch camera shots to make up for the fact that the characters lacked any real motion . Viewers may also want to note that there is a stupid computer that continues to interrupt the film with information on vampires . Instead of adding a narrator , they try to make up with it by adding a green computer monitor with spinning drunken 3d heads that form into the vampires they are searching for.If you want to be frightened , just go buy Jeapers Creepers II . Films like this should be in the $ 2.00 bin at Wal-mart . Right next to a movie about a guy having an affair with a ventriloquist dummy.If you are a Bai Ling fan , and you wa n't to see her body , BUY IT ! If you are a fan of vampire films , and you want expect this film to be good . Then good luck , because it is absolutely detestable when compared to Interview with a Vampire . Whoever wrote this script must have not put much effort into it , because I think I could do better myself . This is the type of film that comes on around 2:00 a.m. on the sci-fi channel , just before paid programming .
 This movie is great to watch if you 're having a bad movie night with snarky friends . As a serious movie , it 's a joke . The acting is atrocious , the effects are beyond cheap , and the plot * rolls eyes * . But like I said , it 's good for a laugh especially on a bad movie night .
 At the risk of becoming an unpopular reviewer , it is little wonder I had never of this movie until I caught on cable one recent night . What banality !! The movie is all style , with fantastic makeup and costumes , gorgeous bodies filling the screen , techno music , beautiful sets and locations and highly stylized camera work . In other words , it looked like a movie made by a music video director . The look of the film is sleek yet somewhat gothic but one cliche spills upon another at a laughably fast rate . A Jewish vampire , an African-American mortal -LRB- FBI agents -RRB- and one fabulously made up Asian vampire/villainess do not an original and convincing vampire movie make . I 'm sure the produces were attempting to fashion a bizarre and thoroughly modern interpretation of the vampire myth , what they got instead was something so glossy that nothing memorable could possibly adhere itself to it . The script , though not horrifically bad , is , nevertheless , pedestrian and wooden . If your idea of a good movie is super trendy , shallow fashion magazine on celluloid , then this is for you . Those who enjoy some depth , even if only moderate , will find very little to enjoy here . Two stars for the superficial qualities of the film , which offers the eye and the libido some serious candy .
 There are 17 million Vampire Movies to chose from on DVD . Buy another one .
 Movie
 This was a terrible movie . Waste of time and money . period
 just got finished watching this movie on HBO and am still not sure what i just witnessed . this is quite possibly the worst movie i have ever seen . the way the movie jumped around was if the director was trying to re-invent the pulp fiction plot twist , but only ends up confusing viewers . 1hour & 50minutes wasted , better spent on something else . anything but this horrible movie .
 This movie tries too hard to be negative , empty , and depressing . The movie tried to shock its viewers , but it came across as freshman-year college film class `` dark . '' I was very disappointed .
 I only gave this movie one star because there was n't an option for NEGATIVE 5 stars , but since I did give it one star that star goes to the pseudo ` special effects ' -LRB- split screen , going backwards , speeding up -RRB- which is the only plus about the move . The rest of it tanked , big time . The plot was numb , the characters numb , the acting from some seemingly talented young hot stars was numb . Overall , this movie made my brain go numb . The voice overs were nauseating ! Yeah all those things happen to teens in college , but they went a little overboard.It was really bad and I did n't realize it was a Sundance movie , otherwise I would have been a little more prepared.The only treat was looking at the cute gay guy named Paul . Shannon Sossamon was the only stand out ` performance ' if there had to be one.DO NOT BUY OR RENT THIS MOVIE ... !
 Seriously , the best part of this movie is when the credits roll . That 's when Erasure 's `` STOP ! '' kicks in , a raucous song that will have you up and on your toes.I tuned in and out of this movie when it was on HBO , it never really held my attention . Sure there were some cute actors and actresses who were stripping down now and then but the whole movie was just bizarre . I kept watching though because I was bored . Finally this piece of junk ended and my favorite band started singing.Instead of buying this , just go buy any one of Erasure 's great albums instead . More bang for your buck .
 Spend your money for some other DVD . If you 're interested in watching this movie , just rent it .
 Ok , so just like the rest of you I saw that trailer for this movie and thought `` Oh , sexy , fun , Now ! I need to see that ! '' Thank God I missed this movie 's ten seconds in the theater because I saved 5 bucks since I only had to rent this mess . So , what is wrong with the movie . Where to begin . The Direction of the film feels like a cocky NYU film student trying to show off his effects skills . The Acting is bad all around . The Story goes nowhere . None of the characters are relatable or in anyway nice . The Trailer for the movie tries to appeal to the younger audience by showing drugs , sex and James Vanderbeek half naked . If he was naked in the movie I do n't remember , if he kissed a boy it was only in that boys DREAMS , because the gay character in this film is pathetic and stereotypical . He spends the whole film chasing after straight guys who beat him up , yeah there is a message to send to the youth of America ! Skip this one and watch Cruel Intentions .
 Will i ever get this movie ... I watched this one without any judgements on it before hand . Despite my best friend warning me about it . I still was like it cant really be that bad `` can it ? '' . Little did i know that i should actually listen to folks advice once in awhile . There is so much that could be going with this movie . If it werent for the constant rewinding of action every so often or the token gay guy in the movie -LRB- of course -RRB- . That hasnt been done before ... oh yeah . He proceeds to get spat on , thrown out of a room and called a bunch of crap that i would call my worst enemy . Not so bad for some ... but other folks -LRB- me -RRB- dont care for it movie or otherwise.The love thing going on between the lead male and female character is so crazy and confusing that it boggles my mind . how i was able to understand anything at all . James Van Der Beek keeps getting these mysterious cards filled loving , caring lines and all that . he thinks that it is the girl he wants to get Shannon Sossamyn -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . I 'll leave the rest for you to figure out ... dont wan na ruin all the surprise for you . Some people might enjoy this or wonder why i didnt care for it.I tried getting into the movie , i really did . But i just wasnt able to enjoy it at all for more than a few minutes at a time . Keep in mind that you may want to rent this before buying it . At least in my case , i just watched over a friends place . But i do know that it is something that will NEVER , EVER add to my DVD collection . If its bought as a gift ... it will get returned.Thats my whole deal on the movie , like it or not .
 Never have I enjoyed watching a movie I did n't enjoy more . What do I mean by that ? The filmmaking techniques in The Rules of Attraction employed by director Roger Avary , cinematographer Robert Brinkman , editor Sharon Rutter , and the slew of digital effects technicians and all the rest behind the scenes is splendid . This is a movie that people who appreciate the art of shooting and editing a movie can be thrilled by . The sheer visual joy of filmmaking is evident in almost every shot . It 's too bad all this technical prowess and creativity is wasted on a whole bunch of characters that are shallow and unpleasant . It 's the story and the performances that I did n't enjoy.The Rules of Attraction centers around a group of reprehensible students at a small liberal arts college whose lives revolve around getting stoned/drunk and getting laid . Sure , that description can be applied to almost any teen `` coming of age '' comedy or drama . But the problem is that none of the characters in this movie had any redeeming qualities . There was no reason to root for any of them , no reason to care enough to become invested in the directions their lives would take them . On top of that , the script is a collection of disjointed scenes . These disjointed scenes allow for cameos by notable actors like Faye Dunaway , Swoosie Kurtz , Fred Savage , Paul Williams , Theresa Wayman , and not-so-notable Russell Sams , but none of their appearances really serve the story . In fact , you could take their scenes out of the movie , and nothing -- absolutely nothing -- would be lost . So , what was the point ? In fact , the only one on that list whose character is an important plot point , a motivating factor for much of the lead character 's actions , is removed from the story at the two thirds mark , but because of the disjointed nature of the script , the removal does n't have any transformational effect on the lead character as it could or should.As for the stars , from my understanding , Jason Van Der Beek chose this script because he wanted to break away from his Dawson 's Creek image . Well , okay . The lead character Sean Bateman is a much different note than Dawson Leery . The problem is , it 's only one note . Part of the blame must be laid on scriptwrite/director Roger Avary , because there is n't much in the way of development for the character -LRB- or any of the other characters -RRB- in word or direction , but Van Der Beek does n't imbue the character with any depth of his own creation . Much of Van Der Beek 's performance is made up of tilting his head down and looking up with his eyes to communicate menace , lust , puzzlement , being drunk/stoned , annoyance , fear , and an orgasm -LRB- mind you , not all at the same time -RRB- . It 's an extremely limited pallet , and it gets monotonous . The other two leads , Shannyn Sossamon and Ian Somerhalder -LRB- who have equally difficult names to spell -RRB- , fare a little better as the script gives them both a little more to do in terms of range and because they are able to inject small bits of humanity into their performances.Ultimately , I watched the movie until the end and I 'm glad I did . Not because I was transported by the story -- that just annoyed me -- but because I enjoyed the filmmaking technique . I just wish it could have been brought to material I appreciated more.Note
 Simplicity of it ... the first of 45 minutes of it was intriguing , then it just falls apart .
 `` The Rules of Attraction '' already has an address in the cinematic dictionary under `` cult film ''
 `` The Rules of Attraction '' outwardly has a great deal going for it . Just about no one does it better than Bret Easton Ellis when it comes to capturing the vapid , empty existence of his generation - therefore the adaptation of his novel should be just as scathing , right ? In this case , absolutely not . Director Roger Avary has an arsenal of cinematic tricks , violence , and sexual deviance that he lets loose in `` Attraction , '' but all of it does n't really add up to much . Sure , it catalogues some of the things that go hand in hand with the college generation that the movie shows
 I had seen some really good reviews for this film and the previews were intriging . The characters are under developed ; the cinemaphotography was the best thing about the movie . There were some scenes that reflected the title , but overall it was meaning less dribble . I thought it to be one of the 10 worst films of this last year . I thought that it had great potential , but someone missed the boat all together in prepping the book for film . A BIG disappointment . Rent this ; but do not bother with the purchase .
 Wow . What a waste of time . Since there was n't much of a plot , I 'll assume the point of the movie was to glamorize sex , drugs , and suicide . Do n't get me wrong , I can enjoy all those things when they 're done well , but this was just trying too hard to be `` hard '' . Jessica Beil as a coke -LSB- addict -RSB- ? James Van-der-Beek as the psycho thrill-seeking drug dealer ? Oh my , what will their parents think ? This was a big laugh as much as anything . Being unintentionally funny , and having a good soundtrack were the only good points to this . The sad part is knowing that some 16 year old is going to watch this and think it 's cool . I mean the sex and drugs are one thing , but there were two suicide scenes because people could n't `` hook-up '' with their crushes . Even if the shock-value was the thing this was going for , it was just done wrong . If you want that type of film , rent `` Kids '' . It 's alot more realistic .
 This is one of the most odious , offensive , repellent movies I have ever seen . One reviewer urges you to look behind the shallow , hedonistic characters and find truth and beauty . Do n't bother trying ; there is only a void . I watched this movie with other young viewers in ultra-open-minded San Francisco , and the feeling throughout the theater was palpable . It was like enduring root canal surgery .
 This movie only succeeds in an effort to depict the most mundane , cynical and nihilistic view of life . If you want to feel offended , shocked and ultimately bored by all the emptyness and lack of sense from this movie ... go ahead , watch it ... just do n't say you were not warned . Really , there are truly better movies thant this ... even the silly ones .
 There are not enough bad things I can say about this movie . It was a waste of time .
 I give this movie a big , `` YUK ? '' . The previews made it look like a comedy . I did not find one moment of humor in it . This movie starts nowhere , goes nowhere and ends nowhere.The message seems to be `` here are a bunch of shallow college students who devote their lives to drinking and meaningless sex . '' Example
 This is one of the nastiest things I 've sat through for a long time . I kept waiting for some hint of wit or wisdom to emerge but it simply cloaks its vacuousness with some pretentious flashback trickery . Every character in it is repellent and despaired , sex-obsessed and self-absorbed ; the violence and abuse is graphic and it has nothing to say about human nature beyond what we know happens to people who have lost touch with all decent values . I 'm told that it is satirical but it 's too witless to be trenchant or mordant in its observations and as for comedy - I 'm afraid I could not laugh at its glorification of decadence . People who live like this live neither long nor happily but this film attempts more to legitimise and normalise their casual misery than to satirise it . Real `` vomit of despair '' - avoid it .
 `` The Rules of Attraction '' is based on Bret Easton Ellis book of the same title , and the fact tells you all ; like the previously filmed `` Less Than Zero '' and `` American Psyco '' the characters spending time aimlessly in university are not your oridinary clean-cut all-American boys and girls . But let me hurriedly say that that is not a problem at all here -LRB- in fact , not everything about them is repulsive as some critics suggest -RRB- . The real problem can be found in the name of the director , Roger Avary , who once was working at a local video shop with a film buff called Quention Tarantino . Unlike his ex-pal , however , Avary 's filmic technique are only a showy performance -- split-screen , fast cutting , backward-running shots -- everything is at first mildly funny to see , and then he overuses them . And we realize that the characters are not well-rounded or interesting in any way -LRB- I mean , how many people really care if college students drink so much as the film shows ? We are long past the stage when we are easily shocked by them , living in the time of the internet , you know . -RRB- The story is actually a string of loosely connected episodes around drug-dealing -LRB- and brother to another Bateman in `` American Psycho '' -RRB- Sean Bateman -LRB- James Vab Der Beek -RRB- and Lauren Hynde -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- . It starts with a party scene where every students got drunk and stoned , and among them we see these two not-quite-happy . And you are introduced to other characters played by Ian Someholder , Kate Bosworth , and Kip Pardue -LRB- though the last two 's screen time is fairly short , Plus you get cameos of Faye Dunnaway and Eric Stoltz.Sean wants to sleep with Lauren , who is in love with another guy . Sean then sleeps with different girls while Paul Denton -LRB- Ian Someholder -RRB- is attracted to him . Every character wants something which they can not have , and the only thing they can do is `` deal with it . `` These characters are all shallow and self-centered , but remember , Tarantino has shown many killers in his films and can make them quite engaging and lively presence . No chance here . Roger Avary insists on his own `` realism '' so that Dowson 's Creek Van Der Beek must show us how he spends his time in bathroom . All is done as if saying , `` How about that ? '' Sorry , but we are not impressed , after watching `` Kill Bill '' lately.Possibly except for Ms. Sossamon , the acting is of lower kind that would explain why these actors have not achieved higher or bigger level of works after their once memorable performance in career . They need another agent who has seen Avary 's tedious `` Killing Zoe '' disaster , and can give better advice on their choice of jobs.I do not disagree with the shallow characters -- we may resemble them in some way or other -- but the shallow way of presenting them . But more fundamental questiuon is the film does not answer the question -- why should we watch this film -LRB- which still smells the bubbly 80s -RRB- now in the 21st century ?
 I was sadly disappointed in this latest attempt to depict the `` meaning of the meaningless of it all . '' This film was chock a block full of lukewarm acting , semi-weak writing with fancy camera tricks to make up for Van Der Beek 's leering -LRB- his attempt at angst ? -RRB- and the lackluster character development . Jessica Biel was almost convincing as the sad little promiscuous girl looking for love and affection through sex , but who cares , since that character is totally overdone ? Shannyn Sossamon , as gorgeous as she is , can not save this trite exercise in banality . There is an uncomfortable scene in which she is vomited on while losing her virginity , but it seemed gratuitous . The best scene is when one of the kids -LRB- ca n't recall the name -RRB- makes an excellent scene in a restaurant .
 I just finished viewed the DVD release . The movie was great but the DVD features ca n't please everyone and I 'm one of them.Okay with this release you must know *** IT 'S RATED R *** I was hoping for the unrated version -LRB- which reportedly was by 22 seconds -RRB- since it created a stir when this movie was being released but hopefully Lion 's Gate release it `` properly '' someday.MENUS ! Menus are great ! The `` main menu '' is taken from the official site , for those you ever logged on to it.This is what is included on the DVD for those who want to know : Special Features : Sundance Channel Present
 I can not begin to express how AWFUL this movie is . The one star I gave it is VERY generous and I would have given this movie negative amounts of stars if I could have . Many of the reviews I have seen on this movie talk about how it is addressing the majority of college students - who supposedly act like the people in this film in mass . That could not be any farther from the truth . It is not inspiring nor insightful and is not like the majority of college people out there either . It is simply playing into the belief that our generation is lost and empty with no idea what is going on in life outside of drugs , alcohol , and sex . Not everyone -LRB- and not even the majority of people -RRB- are this calloused , cold , empty , and totally void of personality as the characters in this movie . All that this movie did to me , was to make me sad that such an empty , void , calloused view of society is being forced on college age students with the -LSB- stuff -RSB- they are being fed w / movies like this . I did n't mind the technical aspects of the movie such as the split screens etc. but I thought that not only was the story horrible but the acting was bad too . James Van der Beek 's intense glares were badly acted and everything in this film focused on the absurd . This movie I can honestly say was the WORST film of ALL time and I have seen some pretty bad movies over the years and to say even this is a huge understatement . `` If you do n't get it do n't knock it . '' I get it and it 's still absolutely the worst movie since the beginning of time . I once said that I usually do n't feel the need to totally knock a movie on here but this is one of those rare times that I do and , in comparison , any other film I have ever said was bad on here is wonderful compared to this absolutely horrible movie .
 This is something I seem to hawk on in any review I give that is negative , but it 's too important to be overlooked . In order for any art form to be `` good '' -LRB- however you want to subjectively define that -RRB- , it needs to * make sense * . Whether it 's a painting , the lyrics of a song , a book , or a movie
 I picked up this movie because it had Ian Somerhalder in it . Mistake . This movie is weird , brash , conceited , and thinks it is far better then it has any hope of being . I did n't know it was based off a book until I got on here , but I sincerely hope the book is better because the movie is terrible . And the ending was retarded . Pass this one up , even if you like Ian .
 After watching this film , I wondered `` what was the most obnoxious part of this movie '' ? Was it at the drug dealer 's house ? Was it the gay guys ' dinner with their mothers ? Or maybe it was the overly long and inflated `` whirlwind '' tour of Europe through the eyes of , perhaps , the most despicable person in this film?All of these characters are deplorable and shallow . One reviewer said they felt sorry for the girl who was sending the purple letters ! Why ? She does herself in for a guy that she does n't even know and has made no attempt to talk to !! Following their lives leaves the viewer feeling empty . They are all emotionally and ethically bankrupt . Why should we care about these characters ? What is the point here ?! It is truly sad that Brett Easton Ellis has gotten rich writing pathetic drivel such as this . He has truly hoodwinked a lot of people who are easily shocked . Richard Avary and Ellis is a good combo though -- because both are masters at creating exploitative , sensationalist garbage with no heart .2 stars for the acting only .
 Absolutely terrifying cinema . `` The Rules of Attraction '' makes `` Battlefield Earth '' look halfway decent . There was no point to this movie but to show how kids are in college dorms . Dawson 's Creek boy -LRB- James Van Der Geek -RRB- should stick to his ` clean boy ' image . He looked mean and looked intimidating at the camera which I thought was truly frightening -LRB- no -RRB- . This movie is just as bad as `` American Pyscho '' with a sissy la la playing a ` tough guy . ' Shannyn Sossamon played the innocent girl who waited for true love . Please wait for more meaningful projects and more deserving roles will come your way . George Michael 's music is disgusting and shall never be played in a movie or anywhere ever again . Even Fred Savage -LRB- Yes , `` The Wonder Years '' boy -RRB- shows up and injures his foot ! Jessica Biel deserves better , Kate Bosworth deserves better , and Faye Dunaway deserves better . Not funny , not cool , should 've ended within five seconds . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . Buy something with substance , like a Steven Seagal movie .
 Wow . This was a terrible terrible movie . I dont even know where to begin . I guess I 'll start off by saying that I gave this movie one star because it had great camera work . Other than that it really didnt have much going for it . First of all , there was no plot . none . I just kept watching it wondering where the hell the movie was going . Most of the characters were flat and undeveloped . It was extremely lengthy for a movie that went no where . I think the best part of the movie was when the credits started rolling . The only movie worse than this was Bjork 's `` dancer in the dark '' and that is pretty bad my friends .
 Yes , I found myself saying `` What ? '' throughout this entire movie . Perhaps I 'm not as film-savvy as some of you others , but I really thought this movie was ridiculous . There were waaaay too many effects , and basically no plot line other than following -LRB- then backtracking , then following again -RRB- the incredibly nonsensical lives of entirely too many characters . You 've got your drug addicts , your not-quite-straight-but-trying-to-hide-its , your blatantly bisexuals , your `` virgins '' , your tramps , your womanizers ... Basically , your bored rich kids . I think that this was a none too successful attempt for some of the actors to shed their `` goody goody '' images . Imagine watching James Van der Beek masturbating and selling drugs , and Jessica Biel running around in her underwear enjoying sexual escapades with the entire football team . If that 's your thing , go for it . Otherwise , try American Psycho -- at least it has a plot and some pretty good twists .
 Words can not adequately describe what a pile of fertilizer this `` movie '' is . The dopey plot is pointless , the bland actors are forgettable , the idiotic characters are reprehensible -- oh , why waste the space . Avoid this junk ! Pray that Hollywood stops squandering precious celluloid on Brett Easton Ellis ' pretentious typewriting banging !!
 The rules of attraction is the most boring film I have ever seen . I almost walked out of the theatre when i saw this film . God , it is terrible , crummy acting from the whole cast , what the heck is Faye Dunaway doing in this movie ? Did she run out of money or something ? James Van Der Beek and Jessica Biel are the worst actors in the world , yuck ! Everyone is pucking on eachother , sick picture of people who have STD 's , foul sex scenes , and even a disturbing scene of a girl committing suicide in her bathtub by slicing her wrists . What was i thinking seeing this junk , i must have been lacking brain cells that day . Do n't waste you time and money with this bulls#&@! .
 Words can not express the revulsion I feel toward this movie . The acting is tolerable , but there is something very forlorn and misbegotten about the entire affair . Why , for example , must we witness the suicide scene ? What 's the point in showing a college student who draws a bath , gets in the tub , lights some candles and slits her wrists ? -LRB- We later see the dead body in the blood-filled bathtub -RRB- . This is a sad , sad scene , very painful and agonizing to watch , and contributes nothing to the story , except the moribund nature of the film.The suicide is just one example of scene after pointless , depressing scene . It feels like the filmmakers were going after shock value . -LRB- `` Let 's take a character we know nothing about and watch her kill herself . '' -RRB- Also disgusting is the lack of humanity all the characters show . They are all nihilist , masochist people , who seem to find no joy in living . Even hedonism is more fun than this . It 's not just the character 's disturbing attitudes ; I can take a film that has self-hate . Witness the excruciatingly painful montage where a guy goes off to Europe and has joyless , senseless sex with every woman he meets . These characters seem to transcend any logical reason for existing.I question the very reason why this film was made . I understand it was based upon a book by Bret Easton Ellis , who also wrote `` American Psycho , '' and maybe the book is this pointless and miserable . The photography and editing are compelling and done with skill , but they ultimately add up to nothing . The characters are uninteresting . The situations are unremarkable . Not even the backwards story -LRB- told from the end to the beginning -RRB- does anything for the film , and it feels like the director only did it to be hip . It almost worked in `` Memento , '' but it 's entirely out of place here.Yes , I did sit through the entire thing , just to see if it would ever -LRB- finally -RRB- get better . Alas , it never did .
 I have to say that before this movie I never watched Dawson 's Creek . I 'm at an age where the word creek sounds more like a burial than a place of teen angst . So I did n't have an image in my mind of what this movie 's lead would be like . After watching it twice I have come to believe that tv stars do n't for the most part make good movie actors . Sure Sally Fields maybe , but most tv stars take to movies like like George W. Bush to the English language.The problem is usually about the ease and talent that film acting requires . On a small screen those breaks in the strory can cloud limted acting - ask any soap star - but in a 2 hour movie I have to believe you from start to finish or else I am wasting all my time . The people in this movie are pretty in that '' Real World '' way . You would only notice them because someone makes them seen . But their characters are also '' Real World '' like . They no real flaw of character that you believe shows any insight or depth and they are labels from the minute we see their names on the screen ; labels they never rise above . The film is written as though we are to think that the characters all have more than they offer and are passing time try to figure that more out . But in reality one wonders how they got into college in the first place and what is more how their sexual needs are any thing more then just drugged induced feelings of horniness . Between the drugs , the kisses , the drinks and the screwing this films only suggest that their are a great many parents outthere who should reconsider how much allowance to send junior . It is clear that he/she is getting too much . No one can get through college as dysfuntional as these people . Finally I would be thoughtless if I did n't mention two scenes that really bothered me . First Dawson and the `` gay '' kiss at some point - at least in the `` gay '' 's mind . It is the worst kiss I have ever seen . It is wooden , and fake and lacks any true desire . It is meant to shock the viewer and not deepen the characters . That only proves that these are n't real actors but image boys . If they really wanted to break their image they would have really kissed and shown the world that a man to man kiss can be as exciting and defining as any other moment . Too bad they are too homophoic to really see the character and not the kiss . Secondly - one actor Russell Sams -LRB- Dick -RRB- seesm to think that he is in a real movie and makes his character what all the other one are n't - unforgiving . In his scenes we see a real dysfuntional boy who not trying to be a man but a human with wit and childish honesty . His meanness and crude behavior is based on a known future and we can respect his manners because we know he knows that they are just an act .
 This movie is trying very hard to be a Pulp Fiction for a younger crowd , and you can tell . It mostly fails and the resulting film is an almost unwatchable nightmare .
 Directed by Roger Avary '' The Rules of Attraction '' is one of the worst movies of 2002 and there have been a couple.The movie stars James Van Der Beek from '' Dawson 's Creek '' as Sean Bateman , a drug dealing slanking student who basically by his own words is a '' social vampire '' someone who leeches of others , and sinks his fangs to those naive and weak enough around him . The best example is near the beginning where Sean is telling us through a couple of brief flashbacks about the pathetic situations he has been involved in . He then seeks to forgot about his problems like some individuals by consuming himself with alcohol and then finding a cheap girl to sleep with . His prayers get answered when he meets a young blonde who is obviously a little drunk as well . Anyhow fast forward 5 minutes and then we are introduced to a whole slew of pathetic characters . There is the homosexual character of Paul -LRB- Ian Somerhalder -RRB- who basically likes to sleep with any boys around him . I doubt think gays would have liked this character either . I have seen in many films vile heterosexual characters but dare I say it , Paul is the first vile homosexual character Ive seen in film -LRB- another good reason that the movie should n't have been made let alone a novel -RRB- Supposedly this horrible movie was taken from a novel by Bret Easton Ellis and I could only shudder to think how bad the book is if the movie of this calibur is taken from a novel . In fact looking at another site it does n't quite know how to qualify the movie . It has the movie itself listed as a Comedy/Drama/Romance / Thriller ? lolBack to the movie , we see a couple of the stupid situations Mr. Bateman is in . Apparently he has a drug pimp -LRB- some weak little 17 yr old white boy -RRB- who think he is a big shot because he carries a gun . Anyhow , this pimp wants money from Sean -LRB- apparently they have some sort of partnership going where this guy gets his own cut of the drug money -RRB- . Sean ca n't pay the money but he comes with a way to get it by swindling a couple of rich preppies who want to get high ... lolThen there comes this sick twist in the film , Paul sexually loves Sean and Sean is interested in this girl Lauren Hynde -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- supposedly because she is pure and sweet -LRB- which is not what I heard in the novel -RRB- . Anyhow , Sean Bateman well to put in a blunt is real nilist , he likes to turn everything into crap plain and simple . The movie itself takes one direction -LRB- to sicken us with one hideous character after the next and shows their selfish stupid actions -RRB- and pretty does until the very end . Speaking of which , the ending itself is written on the wall halfway , it 's not surprising , it 's a sad ending to a sad vile film . '' The Rules of Attraction '' also has done nothing for the cast either , James Beek has n't done a movie in 2 yrs and none of the other actors except maybe Kate Bosworth who has a short role as Kelly -LRB- friend of Lauren -RRB- has gone anywhere.The only good thing that I think comes from watching such a stupid movie as this , is that it shows that even in 2002 American directors still seek to make incredibly bad movies hoping that audiences will dig them , they wo n't and I did n't dig this movie at all.Another horrible movie with James Van Der Beek which started a couple of years ago with his weak movie '' Varsity Blues '' . I did get the blues watching this movie -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Van Der Beek is just not a good actor at all , all he has is good looks but not much acting depth . So stay away from this movie . Dont fork any money into buying it , but if you still want to see how bad it is rent it .
 You know most times I dont listen when people tell me a movie was horrible b/c I know I have different tastes , but I shoulda listened this time . The actors in the film who usely produce such great films and tv shows , severely dropped the ball here . The storyline was poorly developed and so were the characters which made the end of the movie to me be like `` So what , who cares . '' Honestly if you wan na see a well acted and rebelious story , dont watch this film , its not even worth quenching your curiosity , PLEASE BELIEVE ME WHEN I SAY THIS ! Well lets change that if you are on an acid trip or something the movie might be interesting .
 I was recommended this by numerous means . Friends , Amazon itself , site reviews , so I eventually got the movie for cheap . After finally getting around to watching it , I really wish I had n't . Brett Easton Ellis ' book is turned into this nearly 2-hour festival of bad writing , horrible acting , and non-engaging `` Short Cuts '' - esque plot . It 's the story of multiple college students , and pretty about them and what they do . And of course , since it 's a Hollywood movie , there has to be some insane amount of pointless , non believable things happening . Atop of this pile of unbelievable stuff , the writing is just as bad . Everytime James Van der Beek 's character was going to talk , I cringe , because I know some pointless , bad thing was going to happen.And while I suppose this knocks out Brett Easton Ellis , perhaps not , as I have not read the book , but the characters are so cliche for movies . There 's your basic drug dealer , your horny gay guy , your virgin who 's `` saving it for one guy '' . Ugh.Please , with movies , I like something fresh and original , not the leftovers of garbage that Hollywood throws at me.I highly suggest you pass on this movie , it 's just unenjoyable to many extents , and it just is n't worth the time or money .
 this movie is empty . it made me feel gross . i wonder who this movie was marketed to ... people who think they like good movies but actually do n't ? someone had fun in the editing room making things backwards and freeze-frame which does n't work if there 's no purpose . i hate movies where the narration is too dumb to take and this is one of them . if you like weird , random movies i recommend seeing some of the better ones -LRB- requiem for a dream , being john malkovich , eternal sunshine of the spotless mind or punch drunk love -RRB- . this film does earn one star because jessica biel is cool and we 're getting married this summer .
 I rented this movie based on the previews I &#65533; d seen prior to its release , and was expecting good things from it . And although the casting was very diverse and some of the comedy was humorous , I found this movie to be a huge waste of time . James Van Der Beek is the main character ; as he plays the role of Sean Bateman . The molester-like vulgar thoughts and actions that Bateman reveals are somewhat stimulating , but in the end only sickening . The film could be considered as a romance-based comedy with episodes of drama and action , yet the ending and use of the rewind button can &#65533; t really fall under pretense to any of those genres . Another WB heavyweight appears -LRB- Jessica Biel as Lara -RRB- , but only plays the role of an unintelligent , sex-driven roommate . Which is typical of the entire film.I &#65533; d categorize this movie as a troublesome mix between Pulp Fiction and Magnolia ; both of which portrayed many small stories within one . And also similar to those two films , there is a weak and/or stupid ending that will leave you wondering why you watched the film . The movie starts by showing us the ending -LRB- which you &#65533; ll figure out halfway through the film -RRB- and introduces the characters of Sean , Lauren , Paul , Lara , and a few other no-namers . Still , none of the parts really take shape or have any relevance to college life . The movie twists between scenes of suicide , gays , porno-like themes , drugs -LRB- primarily pot and cocaine -RRB- , and backwards storytelling . Among the suicide attempts and successions , you &#65533; ll see anything from a girl resting naked in a bathtub full of blood to Van Der Beek trying to hang himself with a phone cord . Paul Denton -LRB- played by Ian Somerhalder -RRB- is the premiere gay guy , but is supported by a few other gay developments . And Paul &#65533; s feeble obsession with Bateman is very weak . Another part of Van Der Beek &#65533; s story is that he owes money to a drug dealer . Which , as you can imagine , spawns some of the movie &#65533; s more violent imagery . In the midst of the film &#65533; s horridness , I found many things to be either sick or unnecessary . For instance , the 5-minute rant from Victor -- giving us his life story consisting of drugs , sex , foreign countries , and a forgotten girlfriend -LRB- Lauren -RRB- -- is terrible to the point of annoying . Also , James Van Der Beek &#65533; s thoughts during his many &#65533; sex &#65533; scenes were appalling ; as they &#65533; re reminiscent of a porno movie . We won &#65533; t even discuss his gay &#65533; sex &#65533; scene with Ian . His pretty-boy Dawson identity is easily gone . Again I come back to the backwards film editing . It was probably the most unnecessary part of the film ; it was a bit intriguing the first time , but after the second or third it becomes bothersome . The suicide incidents were revolting , although I &#65533; m sure that &#65533; s what the director -LRB- Roger Avary -RRB- wanted them to be.I hope that I haven &#65533; t spoiled the movie for you ; but on the other hand , I hope you don &#65533; t see it . If you were enticed by the movie &#65533; s trailer , you will be more than let down with the film as a whole . Its comedy is definitely lacking , yet it &#65533; s the only thing that made the movie watch-able -LRB- Van Der Beek singing the Counting Crows &#65533; &#65533; Anna Begins &#65533; and dubbing it his own is most excellent -RRB- . And if you are a fan of the WB and all their teen shows , this movie is certainly not for you . It &#65533; s sick , it &#65533; s unethical , it &#65533; s sexist , but most of all it &#65533; s disappointing . Only watch this movie if you are a fan of the drug-induced-new-millennia-college-life cycle ; or a huge fan of James Van Der Beek . Otherwise its nauseating and jarring plot , characters , and themes are not worth your time . If there is anything good about Rules Of Attraction , it &#65533; s either -LRB- as I said -RRB- the bits of comedy ; or the cameo by Fred Savage .
 This is now the worst film I have ever seen . That place was previously held by the 1976 film called `` Lipstick '' . It is full of undeveloped characters and a flimsy boring plot . The Director/Screenwriter makes a pathetic attempt to make this film cool through over the top scenes . He is probably bitter from years of not getting credit from his work with Quentin Tarantino and uses brutality or anything sensational or disgusting to get attention which is a cheap way to do it . Sorry , but Quentin has the ability to pull it off . Mr. Avary does not .
 I rented this DVD really expecting to like it . I 've never been a James van der Beek fan , so I was hoping this would be something to turn that around . It was n't . In fact , from interviews I 've read and seen with this guy , his character in this movie was probably a whole lot closer to his actual persona than his Dawson 's Creek character . To me , a good movie does n't necessarily have to possess all of the elements of a good story -LRB- conflict , character development , plot , denouement , etc. -RRB- , but this movie has NONE of these things . Some of the filmmaking `` tricks '' are incredibly well-done -LRB- the split-screen resolving seamlessly into full-frame , for example -RRB- , but some , such as the repetitive `` run the film backwards '' thing and the frenetic `` Victor tours Europe '' monologue -LRB- I was exhausted after that 4-minute part of the movie -RRB- were just not my thing . I can see how this movie would appeal to some people , and I do n't think it 's a BAD movie , by any means . I just did n't find much to like in it . All in all , a watchable , but entirely forgettable movie .
 Based on Bret Easton Ellis 's novel of the same name , Roger Avary 's first film in five years is a rather tedious tour through the social malaise of some rich , young and miserably hip kids at a swanky New England liberal arts college where the good-looking come to breed . The story , what little there is of it , involves an abortive love triangle between Sean Bateman -LRB- James Van Der Beek -RRB- , brother of the infamous Patrick from `` American Psycho '' , Lauren Hynde -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- and her bisexual ex , Paul Denton -LRB- Ian Somerhalder -RRB- . Paul loves Sean , Sean loves Lauren , and Lauren does n't want either of them . She 's saving herself for Victor -LRB- Kip Pardue -RRB-
 Banal , I know there must be people who will think that watching people masturbate , shoot coke up their nose , commit suicide and use the toilet on camera is worty of 5 stars . If you do then this is for you.The chatacters try to be so damn tough and real that they end up being unbelievable . Rent it if you must , but procede with caution .
 I can not speak to whether this movie is faithful to the Bret Easton Ellis ' book . Having seen the movie I have no particular desire to read the book . It 's hard to fathom how anyone sees much truth in this movie with its ridiculously inept drug sellers and unbelieveably oversexed college kids . The camera tricks and narrative tricks are mildly interesting , but are only minor modifications of things you have seen before.One thing I found peculiarly unpleasant about the movie was its unmitigated misogyny and the deep contempt with which it treated female characters . Lauren , the `` virgin , '' is forced to give oral sex to a `` cool '' professor in return for a grade . A boy she is in love with does not even remember who she is . Then , while passed out , she is gang raped and , then vomitted on . All while being videotaped . And afterward she smokes a cigarette and waxes philosophical about the meaningless of it all . Why this does n't result in a lengthy criminal trial and sex scandal at the university is not explained . I guess the screenwriter thinks she deserved it or something . Another girl character gets her face punched . I guess she deserved that too , since she seduced the James Van Der Beek character.Just not much to like here .
 If this movie did n't attempt to be something more than a flick for teen-age boys , I might not have taken several moments to sit back and think about it . However , since the makers of Rules attempted at a contrived philosophy throughout the movie , I feel the need to let anyone curious about this moive know the truth . This movie is painfuly stupid . The characters are weak and petty , the acting is one dimensional , and the script was a patchwork of several good movies , which gave Rules of Attraction a perverse Frankenstein make-up . If you 're into mindless sex and nudity which is attempted to be passed as `` DEEP '' , then rent this . The only emotion this movie will stir in anyone who is n't a teen boy is depression over the fact that you actually sat down and watched this . And god forbid if you actually paid for it !
 This film is at the same time excessive in it 's overwrought grotesquely iconic depictions of ivy league pin-ups and their depraved exploits -LRB- see the unrated directors cut for some extra vapid gratuity -RRB- and heavy-handed prurience as to the moral status of the collective cesspool of the sub-human bores it depicts.The film is trite , plotless , pointless -LRB- the fabuluously wealthy are despicable and have lost every iota of their ` humananity ' is about what it amounts to -RRB- , so desperately in search of a narrative that it resorts to testing our patience with a patent overabundance of MTV style fast editing , fisheye-lenses , whirling -LRB- read : nauseating -RRB- camera moves in order to mask the fact that the filmmakers are as empty in their scurrilous pretensions as the subjects who 's exploits , trajectories and environs they so , um , lovingly detail.This is the aneamic , jaundiced , rickety third cousin to the film and book versions of Easton Ellis ' superior ` American Psycho ' , which was itself not overflowing with ideas . The inferior source material can only be relegated to that dreaded authorial scrapheap headed
 The Rules of Attraction is a poor movie of a story told poorly . In my eyes , this movie has no value whatsoever.The `` backwards '' sequences are neither creative nor fun to watch . -LRB- Twin Peaks did something like that years ago ... and did it better -RRB- The story is so thin , it 's almost nonexistant . What little plot there is does n't make this movie worth seeing.Movies can be good or even great for many reasons . Cinemotography can be breathtaking , stories can be awesome , acting can be brilliant ... Rules of Attraction has none of these attributes . Movies can survive poor stories and other problems if the viewer is left feeling uplifted or educated or emotionally connected to a character ... this movie does none of this.Finally , when I 'm at a loss to explain the existance of a movie , I ask myself two questions ... 1 . Am I better off in anyway for seeing this movie ? 2 . Are the characters in the movie better off for living through the story that was told ... did they learn anything ? The answer to both questions is NO .
 After watching this film , I wondered `` what was the most obnoxious part of this movie '' ? Was it at the drug dealer 's house ? Was it the gay guys ' dinner with their mothers ? Or maybe it was the overly long and inflated `` whirlwind '' tour of Europe through the eyes of , perhaps , the most despicable person in this film?All of these characters are deplorable and shallow . One reviewer said they felt sorry for the girl who was sending the purple letters ! Why ? She does herself in for a guy that she does n't even know and has made no attempt to talk to !! Following their lives leaves the viewer feeling empty . They are all emotionally and ethically bankrupt . Why should we care about these characters ? What is the point here ?! It is truly sad that Brett Easton Ellis has gotten rich writing pathetic drivel such as this . He has truly hoodwinked a lot of people who are easily shocked . Richard Avary and Ellis is a good combo though -- because both are masters at creating exploitative , sensationalist garbage with no heart .2 stars for the acting only .
 It 's not often that you get to see a film in which everyone is mis-cast , but Rules of Attraction is one of those moments . Sean and Lauren are the worst choices in this one , with Van Der Beak stretching to distance himself from his squeaky clean past , and Lauren just seeming much more weird and aloof than she was in the novel . And do n't even get me started on that hatchet job haircut . Biel and the girl who played Lauren should have flip-flopped roles as the Lauren in the novel seemed more akin to her . Paul and Victor are just annoying , the portrayal of the drug dealer is way too overboard , and Fred Savage as the junkie playing the clarinet-I mean c'mon ! Scenes added on , like the hotel room dance to George Michael 's `` Faith , '' show director Roger Avery 's overindulgence . And all those super close-ups ... UGGGGGH !!!! Just terrible souless film-making . If I were Bret Easton Ellis I 'd be pissed at this hatchet job of a film based on a far superior novel .
 Read and loved the book , decided to give the movie a shot despite the pop teen cast . Horrible . The movie is a hatchet job . The director tried to modernize a book that was written for a time when fast sex , drugs and unmerited self-righteousness what the norm -LRB- the early 80 's , pre-aids scare -RRB- . The movie is extremely loosely based on the book , and lost much of its essence . Suggestion
 After watching the Rules of Attraction , I felt like I had just indulged in an oily , foul tasting dessert . Its subject , -LRB- sex , drugs , and rock 'n' roll amongst cynical college youth -RRB- crisp cinematography , gimmicky film techniques , and cast of beautiful people all appealed to me in an immediate superficial sense . But after watching this pointless shock-fest , I felt like a slob ; my mind , unkempt and fat with the nastiness and excess of this movie.Sean Bateman -LRB- James Van Der Beek -RRB- is our tour guide through a rich college campus . There 's a love triangle at work between him , Lauren -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon sporting the worst hair style I 've yet to see in a motion picture -RRB- and Paul -LRB- the terrifically pretty Ian Somerhalder -RRB- . But plot is n't important . And for that matter , neither are the characters , who by the way , are n't palpable human beings but walking adjectives . Sean is BITTER . Lauren is NAIVE . Paul is GAY . The dishonest depictions of sensitive subjects such as homosexuality , rape , suicide , and drug addiction might elicit outrage - if they were n't so totally within context of the dishonest and vacuous sensibility of the movie . In other words , this movie is too inept to even offend.Rules of Attraction is style . Style that serves no content , no purpose , and dazzles your most base and lazy senses . It 's indicative that the best moment in the film is a still , wide-angle shot -LRB- of Paul and his old chum , the charismatic Dick dancing bizarrely to George Michael 's `` Faith '' on a hotel bed -RRB- . What you 'd least expect from a film this frenetic and giddy on excess is tedium
 Beautiful people with pockets deeper than they are recklessly indulge their appetites for drugs , alcohol and sex
 There are two types of bad movies . The first is movies that were doomed from Day One . -LRB- Battlefield Earth , Glitter , Swept Away fall into this category -RRB- The second type is much more aggrevating . This is movies that COULD 'VE have been great , but something went horribly wrong . Sadly , `` The Rules Of Attraction '' falls into this category.Director Roger Avary tries several filming techniques that would have been good in moderation , but unfortunately he drags them out to the point of boredom . A perfect example occurs at the very beginning . The first scene takes place at a party and shows events through the eyes of the three main characters , sociopathic Sean Bateman -LRB- James Van Der Beek -RRB- , repressed Lauren -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- , and frustrated bisexual Paul -LRB- Ian Somerhalder -RRB- . After Sean 's events and before Lauren 's events , the film then `` rewinds '' , as everything we just saw is reversed . This would have been cool for about 30 seconds , but instead the film continues to rewind for a few more minutes , to the point where you want to scream `` WE GET IT ! '' at the screen.Another classic example is when a character who has been out of the country for most of the movie returns , and his adventures are displayed in fast-motion while he quickly narrates without taking a breath . Again , this would 've have been interesting for about 90 seconds , but the scene continues to drag on for over 5 minutes.The movie also suffers under the misconception that being `` outrageous '' will automatically make it interesting . Watching the characters do drugs non-stop and talk about sex is n't enough to carry a movie . And if you 're going to have a character commit suicide in a graphic manner , it may be more effective if you actually give her at least one line of dialogue during the movie . It 's hard to feel too much sympathy for a character we do n't even know.There are only two reasons to watch this movie . The first is for the scene in which Paul and his former male lover dine out with their mothers . This scene is so hysterically funny it almost makes the movie worth watching . The second reason is for Jame Van Der Beek , who breaks his usual typecasting and gives an incredibly effective and chilling performance as Sean Bateman . -LRB- American Psycho fans , do n't get too excited , the only mention of Sean 's serial killer brother is when Sean is informed that `` Patrick '' left a message for him -RRB- . Other than these two pluses , watching `` Rules of Attraction '' simply makes us wonder how good this movie could have been had it been put together better . It almost feels like you 've just watched a two-hour movie trailer ...
 Directed & Scripted by Roger Avary from the Bret Easton Ellis novel , RULES OF ATTRACTION is 100 % UNCUT in NZ ! Amazing!The `` story '' revolves around a pack of self-absorbed , doped-up college kids - among them Sean Bateman -LRB- James Van Der Beek in a bad guy role -RRB- cousin of American Psycho Patrick ; Paul the token gay guy ; Peter a country bumpkin who is attending college on financial aid ... and who also needs to pay off a whacked out drug dealer who possesses a vocab as extensive as Mickey Rourke ; & other characters I wo n't bother going into because the movie is so self-absorbed and numbing . Just like the story 's protaganists.THE RULES OF ATTRACTION is basically about a group of college kids & the seemy underside of the American Dream of a privileged education & what lies below the surface . The film is narrated in a dull monotone by Van Der Beek 's character ; which of course manages to capture the tone of Ellis 's book quite well - if you 've read the book & LESS THAN ZERO , you 'll know what I mean.The first 15 minutes are the most annoying ; which is meant to set up the story before the opening creds - including a scene where Van Der Beek is engaging in a violent sex act . Meant to be shocking , but really when you watch it you just think `` Hey , check it out ! Dawson 's doing the rumba ! `` After that the film turns into a long , protracted two and a half hours of drugs , booze , sex , rape , suicide , vomit & numerous other bodily fluids ; a vain attempt by Avary to be provocative & scandalous ; but all the movie does is wallow in its own excess & amounts to nothing more than a self indulgent piece of glitzy trash . This especially applies to the overlong , monotonous montage sequence in the last half hour ; where my next door neighbour makes her motion picture debut as `` the Kiwi girl '' - an entire half second of screen time . -LRB- Chances are she 'll jump the fence and beat me up if she reads this !! -RRB- Overall , RULES OF ATTRACTION is a movie in which its ambition far outweighs its achievements -LRB- What 's with the reverse play sequence in the movie ? Is it just Avary saying `` Look at me ! I can do camera tricks ! '' ? -RRB- . One of the characters also makes a reference to Quentin Tarantino . Subtle . Is Avary annoyed because BOOGIE BOY & MR. STITCH were far from being great movies ? Is RULES OF ATTRACTION a vain attempt to be taken seriously by Hollywood for another 15 minutes ? If so he 's failed in that respect.The cast also includes Kate Bosworth , Swoosie Kurtz & Faye Dunaway . Ron Jeremy has a cameo as a pianist . Why did they bother ? And why should you ? Read the book instead , its equally pretentious but will give you less of a headache .
 I went to see The Rules Of Attraction when it was out in theaters a couple months ago , and could n't wait until it finally came out on DVD . Boy was I disappointed ! First off the movie is n't all that great . James Van Der Beek and Shannyn Sossamon were excellent and could n't have captured their characters any better . But as for the rest of the cast ; what was Roger Avary thinking ?! And if you have n't read the book -LRB- which is amazing ... thank you Bret Easton Ellis -RRB- I do n't think the movie flows like it is supposed to . The DVD itself is n't worth the money spent , no matter how little it may be . No deleted scenes , no fun little tidbits that were promised in the DVD , nothing ! The only thing that makes this DVD anywhere near `` alright '' are the many commentary tracks . But come on , could n't they atleast put ALL the cast on one and the crew on another ? My recommendation would be to take some time and read the book . The characters are more alive than anything you will see in the movie . It 's also a very fast read so you can read it again and again ! Once again ; Thank You Bret Easton Ellis , you 're a genius !
 ... Nothing in this movie makes sense . The characters are all unlikable and demented trying to find some sort of happiness , but filling all of the gaps in between with drugs and sex . It 's boring . There is no plot . And I can only think of a few reasons to see this movie . The number one reason would have to be the kissing scene with James Van Der Beek and Ian Somerhalder . Ian 's character yearning for James ' character is about the only true emotion that plays out well in this movie . The second reason would be Russell Sams who has an all too brief cameo . Someone find this guy some work , cause he made me laugh my tail off . The movie is so uneventful and absurd that by the time his character comes into the movie , the audience is begging for anything and he delivers . His scene at the dinner table with Swoozie Kurtz is just priceless . After this scene , the movie goes back to being dull and feeling sorry for itself . Thirdly , the cast all does a great job of portraying people you 'll loath . James and Jessica Biel especially shine as an over sexed druggie who ca n't find happiness and a -LSB- person -RSB- who ca n't be too high or too skinny . Ian Somerhalder who shows potential deserves better and Russell Sams needs to be in something cool NOW . ... Oh and by the way , the camera tricks were cool for the first ten minutes , quite annoying the other 110 minutes . In closing , I have to say , I feel sorry for the people who made this . It 's not deep , it 's not thought provoking , ... . If these souless characters reflect your lives in any way , please seek help now . I feel sorry for all the actors . Hopefully they 'll all do something else one day that 's much better than this . At least James and Ian got a nice kiss out of it . I also feel sorry for the audience . I really wanted to like this ... . This movie just tries way too hard to be something it 's not .
 I only review the very best and the very worst movies . This one is so completely worthless I felt compelled to warn others.First off , in the interest of full disclosure , I only bought this because Jessica Biel is hot , so I was n't expecting nor requiring very much of the movie itself . Even measured against these low expectations , this movie was dismally bad . FYI , for any other Jessica Biel fans out there
 This is a movie in the tradition of American Beauty , Doomsday Generation and those other flicks that trys so hard to become art that they end up losing the main point . Its not fun to watch . Imagine watching pathetic students that have no direction , lead their lives in to utter disaster because their fantasy idea of love ones do n't come true . What is the point of making such a depressing and uninspiring movie ? On the plus side the directing was interesting to watch , with the backwards theme like Memento , and it had some interesting visuals/angles as well . This is why I gave the movie two stars instead of one . If you like movies like American Beauty , or Doomsday Generation this might appeal to you , but stay far away if you hated those movies like I do .
 If you looked up bad movie in the dictionary , than you just might stumble upon this one in one of the examples . This movie absoulutely disguted me beyond words . When the characters were n't trying to get laid or doing drugs , the camera was tweaking out , moving back and forth , backwards and forwards . I literally had to sit down afterwards and figure out the plot line , and when it came right down to it , there was none to found . I recommend this movie to anyone who likes to see nasty images , and college kids ruining their lives , which I hope is no one .
 ... there 's a new worst movie ever in town!Last night my roomate asked if he could torture me with this ... erm , `` movie '' . I said well and fine . After all , how bad could it be ? Oh god ... I do n't even think I was 30 seconds into this before I realized that this was gon na be a huge clunker . How right I was ... Now , I 'm no prude . I am in college myself . I 've been known to party . -LRB- Not excessively , but enough so . -RRB- However , these characters represent everything that 's wrong with our damn generation . Shallow , self-absorbed , superficial , substance abusers , petty , whiny ... somebody call the cops , someone robbed the cliche store!The plot ? What plot ? There is no damn plot . Just the same crap peddled mercilessly for two hours . `` OoOoO , Luk At Da KeWl CaMeRa AnGeLs ! DiS mOoGiE bE kRuNk ! I dInK dIs Be BeTta DeN dAt GoOdFeLlUz MoOgIe LOL LOL LOL !!! :-P '' -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- In short , this movie is stupid , boring , cliche , mundane , badly acted , badly directed , badly written , painful to watch , horrendously BAD , and this gets my new title of WORST MOVIE EVER . The only way I could ever recommend this P.O.S. is for Mystery Science Theater 3000-like viewing -LRB- watching and making fun -RRB- . Otherwise , stay FAR , FAR AWAY . AVOID . Throw this s ** t away . BAH !
 Awful , terrible , dusgusting . It takes a LOT to offend me , and I found this movie offensive . I loved seeing Dawson in a gay love scene , though . I felt terribly sorry for Lauren -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- , but hated the rest of the characters . The movie really has no plot - it 's just a bunch of shock-value scenes and special effects throughout . Parents , do n't be fooled by the all-star teenage-crush cast - this is not a movie for the teen set by any means .
 Twice I have ordered the same DVD and twice have had to wait 2 months for the delivery of this item . Very slow service . Should have let customer know up front ... initially not after purchase that there would be a 2 month waiting period .
 Your service was excellant . The movie we ordered for a relative who could not find it . Why ; I have no idea as I did not care for the movie when it was new . We will be ordering other items from you in the future and are very satisfied with your availabilty of movies etc. .
 this is suppose to be a multi-national , coded dvd , but 2 for 2 were rejected by my new dvd player . i then placed both into my lap-top and a message displayed that 2/5 codes worked while 3 were inactive -LRB- USA , being 1/3 inactive codes -RRB- . so , do n't purchase this dvd unless you watch it on your computer online . HOWEEVER , the movie is excellent !!! it is totally clean , comical , with some drama , romance , and warmth of humanity . so i have cept one of the ` not coded for the USA ' copies for my laptop , because i can not get it anyother way apparently . NOT EVEN FROM AMAZON !
 Ricky Schroeder must be a terrific poker player . It seems that everyone in this movie must have lost a bet to him . I ca n't think of any reason why anyone would want to be in this stinker of a movie.Touted as a Native American `` Rocky '' , Black Cloud feels more like a psychedelic mish-mash of `` The Power of One , '' `` Smoke Signals , '' `` When the Legends Die , '' and `` Eight Seconds . '' Eddie Spears plays Black Cloud , an up and coming Navajo boxer -LRB- this movie is often rented by swooning women who notice his bulky boxing build on the cover -RRB- . But he 's tortured . His mommy 's dead , his father 's a raging alcoholic and his girlfriend has a child with an Indian-hating bronco rider . He does n't trust whitey , rides horses in slo-mo and ca n't decide if he should try out for the Olympic Boxing Team or become another drunken Indian.All this confusion trickles down through the movie . Every fifteen minutes , we hear a different genre of music . We go from psuedo-flute music ala `` Dances With Wolves , '' to Country , Rock & Roll , Rap , Classical and I think some Techno thrown in . All we need now is some Zydeco , Buddhist Chants and Japanese Taiko drums.This cinematic hopscotching can be blamed on Ricky Schroeder . Name sound familiar ? He 's the ` Silver Spoons ' kid ; you know , that 80 's sitcom . He wrote , acted in and directed Black Cloud . Granted , some shots are cool , but he does n't understand how to use action slo-mo like John Woo -LRB- Face Off -RRB- or Robert Rodriguez -LRB- Desperado -RRB- or tell a story like them . Not many get a chance to write and direct movies ; this excitement must have inspired him to write an epic tale of the hardships facing Native American men who box . Though he writes with a sympathetic hand toward the plight and conflict of Native Americans in a modern world , he ca n't help but load the movie with stereotypes
 Amazon , you must have been high when this DVD was put on your website . You do not include the name of one of the major stars of this movies in your heading.WHY?Who 's going to look at those names and feel interested in purchasing a copy of this movie?Only those who actually look at the cover of the DVD or delve in to the reviews will know that Rick Shroeder and Tim McGraw are involved in the movie.Perhaps you should hire people who are familiar with movies and actors to do your setups for the movies you sell.This is NOT the only DVD I have looked at that DID NOT LIST THE FEATURED STARS OF THE MOVIE ...
 Once again , Hollywood has managed to sneak its head into the what could have been a great Indie film from Ricky Schroeder . Many of the past films based around Native Americans always have flashes of animals whom do not have a purpose around the characters nor plot always plague the story line.Aside from the horrible senseless script . I have to say that the acting of Eddie Spears is almost as wooden and cranky as Hayden Christensen in Star Wars Episode II Attack of the Clones.His character is the typical `` Hollywood Cliche '' of a African-American young thug making it big , through redemption and persistence to get that record contract.The only person I would have to say almost saved the film was Russell Means . You can feel the sense of the pain his young boxer is going through from his eyes and the way he speaks to his young protege.Alot of the symbolism and mythology are not exact to Navajo/Dine culture . You can feel the way they try to speak Navajo is utterly wrong and can feel like Adam Beach trying to speak Navajo in `` Windtalkers '' . I live on the Navajo Nation and most young Navajo do not appreciate their culture as that Eddie Spears portrays in the film . They do not dress in that fashion as well.The film is trying to send a message , just not sure what message is , but it attempted.Go watch , Million Dollar Baby , Cinderella Man or Rocky if you need to feel inspired .
 This program really rates no stars , but that is not possible , so it gets one . Buying it , is a waste of money . Watching it , is a waste of an hour . Much of the soundtrack is virtually unintelligible . The `` incidental '' music runs almost continuously and at a volume that interferes with hearing the spoken words . The words themselves are frequently hard to understand . The selection of visuals available to the production was apparently limited
 Before you spend good money on this DVD you should know what you would be getting . They are
 I have read several glowing reviews of this picture , none of which makes sense now having seen the picture . Though I enjoy all the actors , outside of the children , I was unable to enjoy this tedious film . I suppose I was expecting something funny , so that is part of the problem . Peter Sellers fans should beware that he is a focal point of the movie , but most often off screen .
 I remembered this film as a delight , which it was in the sixties , but now it comes across as forced and manipulative . The characters , who originally seemed so fresh and natural , now seem strained and phony . Sellers stands out , but only because the other actors -LRB- including the two young stars -RRB- are so bad.If you do decide to purchase this video , buy another version . This is the `` wide-screen '' -LRB- i.e. , short height -RRB- version and is difficult to watch .
 After seeing the number of glowing reviews I had to put in my thoughts - - this was beyond horrible . I was quite ready to turn this off at the 15 minute mark . Someone mentioned the weird scene with the girls jumping over things - - in slow motion - - I think they were just trying to shoot up their dresses . I especially hated the fact that the `` girls '' looked SO mature , but were playing 13/14 year olds . I just looked them up and I was correct - the actresses were 16 and 17 at theh time they played the `` girls '' . They could n't find some precocious pre-teens to play the part ?? The funniest part of the movie was the scene with the checkers while the `` symphony '' was playing . 10 seconds - maybe . PAINFUL movie to watch . Also , as previously mentioned the sound was horrible .
 The movie starts out like some kind of `` Heavenly Creatures , '' with two girls taking interest in each other and living out their girly fantasies . They then run around crazy-like , jumping over little boys and fire hydrants . The director must 've really liked this effect , because he shows it in slow-motion with this weird music in the background . I did n't get that part at all.One of the reasons I was watching this was that I heard Peter Sellers was in it . Well , he is , but not really . It 's more about these girls who are always talking about girly things . The movie made me uncomftorable , knowing a guy director made this movie . Was he like obsessed with filming girls talking about their life or something?You know , I ca n't say this review is fair because I turned the film off half-way through . It 's like , when you see something that 's already going nowhere and you have no interest in it , you really do n't want to waste your time on the rest of it . I mean , I had already wasted one hour of my life ; did n't want to waste that last one . No oh oh ohhhhhh . Did n't wan na waste that last one . No oh oh ohhhh . Thank you very much .
 The sound on this DVD is terribly muffled . Had to turn the volume way up , but that only helps somewhat because it 's still so unclear . Then some of the brighter tones of the music come through fullblast and you have to turn the volume down again . There 's no excuse for this . The movie sounds and looks great when it airs on Turner Classic Movies , and I expected the DVD to be as good if not an improvement , but this DVD issue is a real disappointement .
 The sound quality of the movie is very poor . No matter how loud you make it you ca n't seem to understand what they are saying .
 I was very excited to get this movie on dvd which did arrive very promptly . Unfortunately , this disk from Movie Mars will not play on my dvd player . When I press play , the message CAN NOT PLAY is displayed . I have ordered many dvds from Amazon and have never had this problem .
 This movie just misses being something special ... what could it be ? Peter Sellers is my favorite actor but the accents he uses in this movie do n't work . Perhaps the biggest obstacle to viewing pleasure is Tom Bosley 's role as an absentee father - his acting is stiff and pretentious . When he says his lines , it 's like he 's reading them right off the script . Make-up ! Mr. Bosley 's smoking jacket ! Take ten ! The teen-age girls are adorable , Gilbert 's mother and mother 's friend are right on the mark , as well . But Paula Prentiss ! I kept wondering why Henry Orient would keep pursuing her - with her neurotic mannerisms and skinny old self . Altogether this flick is mediocre at best .
 Lovely 5-star film . Had me laughing aloud many times . But -LRB- as has previously been mentioned -RRB- the sound quality on this DVD is pathetic . Very hard to hear . One needs to turn volume way up , and maybe use the subtitles too . A great pity .
 The DVD is region 2 and will not play . How about a warning that it is region 2 and wo n't play on most DVD players .
 This use to be a good show but now it has turned into some real housewives crap . they need to get new writers or at least get the writers of the first 3 seasons back !!!!!
 Since BET took over The Game ... A LOT has changed . Physical appearances changed , characters were replaced -LRB- example
 This DVD would not play in my blu ray or in my Wii . In the blu ray the main menu loaded but I could not get it to play , in the Wii nothing would load at all , it said there was an error with the disc .
 amaturish , embarrassing . waste of time . german made . do they not know how to make movies ? did n't care about the plot .
 This horrible , incredibly stupid and unfunny film was the next-to last nail on the coffin of Kid and Play 's film career . Has all the ingredients of cinematic defecation 1 -RRB- Unlikeable characters 2 -RRB- A stale `` story '' -LRB- scholarly geek mistaken for a streetwise thug -RRB- 3 -RRB- Outrageously corny dialogue 4 -RRB- Horrendus `` acting . '' I could go on and on , but you get the idea . `` House Party '' it ai n't . Tom Joyner correctly referred to this film as `` Kid and Played-out ! ''
 I ca n't believe you people are actually * TRYING * to sell this s ** t
 A gob-smacking camp classic with some great sensationalistic murders and plenty of bad acting . Michael Gough plays a misogynistic crippled author who has various women killed in order to boost sales of his lurid novels and newspaper articles . After each killing he hobbles over to Scotland Yard to gloat . One woman is impaled through the eyes by spikes that jump out of a pair of binoculars , another is decapitated by a guillotine in her bed , a blackmailer has her neck crushed by a pair of giant tongs and Gough 's doctor is zapped by an electrical ray and then dunked in a vat of acid . Gough hams it up outrageously and often appears to be addressing an off-stage theatre audience rather than the other actors on screen . He keeps a waxworks chamber of horrors in his basement and has his weak , hypnotised assistant -LRB- whose face goes grey when in psycho mood -RRB- commit the killings . Poor old Shirley Ann Field plays the assistant 's nice girlfriend whom the script mercilessly has stabbed to death in a carnival love-tunnel which no film-maker would have the guts to do today . For US audiences AIP presented this in `` hypnovision '' with a 12 minute introduction from a psychiatrist who explains about his craft and tries to hypnotise the audience . This introduction adds considerably to the campiness of what is an almost unbelievable experience .
 A crime writer , Edmund Bancroft -LRB- Michael Gough -RRB- , dabbles in gruesome murder . He gets such a rush from thrilling killing that he needs medical attention . Edmund 's home includes a version of the famous Black Museum , and '50s style computer equipment complete with red and blue flashing lights . The purpose of this technology remains only vaguely defined , but it looks impressive . Furthermore , there is a vat of bubbling acid . Note how Edmund gets a new skeleton for his collection . Edmund 's mistress is voluptuous . Her cups floweth over . Blonde and greedy , she increases her accommodation fees , and Edmund decides to diminish her stature . When he is not dispensing dreadful death himself , Edmund sends his drugged assistant , Rick , out to commit mayhem . When Rick 's wholesome girlfriend complicates Edmund 's schemes , she suffers a stabbing pain . This flick is from Herman Cohen , England 's answer to William Castle . The proclaimed `` Hypnovista '' is just so much gimmicky eyewash . The dull , lengthy prologue is a problem . One can only wonder how much debris was hurled at movie screens in 1959 when restless viewers began to stir . Michael Gough 's two-tone hair color remains one of the marvels of 20th century cinema . The way he shouts his dialogue proves he sees the esoteric humor . In the `` so bad , it 's good '' world , this movie leans more to the bad . Determined collectors of old horror flicks may be pleased . Sensible viewers beware . ; - -RRB-
 I saw this movie 38 years ago as a child , and its graphic images still haunt me .
 This film pretends to be different . Instead all it is is a dull excersive in a madman murdering people in unique ways . There is more dull talk than anything . This film was laughed at and dismissed at the time of its release . It would be wise to do the same today .
 Michael Gough stars in another awful cheapo British horror film . This one is slightly -- slightly -- better than Konga , Gough 's horrible giant ape movie , if only because there is not as much reliance on horrible special effects . But it is really bad . Gough shouts and screams constantly , giving a truly terrible , artificial performance . I know he is a good actor , so he obviously was not taking this role seriously ; but it 's sort of cynical to take the money and then turn in such a bad performance . The perky , young actresses set new lows in bad acting , but then they were not hired for their acting abilities . The script is idiotic . Among other things , why would a shrewd old lady attempt to blackmail a mad killer in her deserted shop while he has a pair of ice tongs in his hands ?! She might as well wear a `` kill me '' sign ! A really shoddy , depressing film . Run for your lives from this one , folks .
 When Snipes is playing in a film , I 'll routinely pick it up , confident that it wo n't be bad and might be terrific -- he 's done some great stuff . Sadly , this film is an unbroken string of cliche laden dialogue , actions and plot lines . I watched it for 25 minutes before going to Amazon 's Reader 's Reviews , which is what I usually do before taking out a film . If I had done so , it would have saved me some money and 25 minutes of my time . Mystery Science Theater 2000 's Robot and Servo would have had a field day with this flick . It 's bad enough to get their undivided attention .
 As a piece of storytelling , ` The Art of War ' often borders on the incoherent - but if you stick with it to the end , you will find that most of the narrative elements do eventually fall into place and sort themselves out nicely . It 's getting there that 's the problem . For long stretches of the film , we really have no idea who is doing what to whom and the sad truth is we often really do n't care . The question then becomes
 Have n't they made this kind of `` who done it '' movie so many times ? And the little chinese actress `` what 's her name '' looks fine , but ca n't really act at all . How can a guy be 2 places at one time ? Com ` on , enough already . I ca n't describe how bad it is ... Just a waste of time !
 poor video quality , I should ask for refund . The video quality was bad even on high speed internet , request amazon to upgrade their infrastructure and not impact customers .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 A dissapointment from Wesley Snipes . There is enough confusion in the beginnig to make the movie interesting . But the movie soon ran out the steam . The action sequences are too far fetched , like jumping from 2 stories high without breaking his leg , and the final shoot out sequence make you go `` yah , right '' . The movie only made reference to Sun-Tzu 's book `` Art of War '' once the whole entire movie . I expected better performance from Wesley Snipes .
 After the horrendous Blade , Wesley Snipes goes with an espionage thriller in The Art of War , a film that 's pretty weak and suffers from a lack of action and a good story . Snipes himself is decent , as is the rest of the cast , but when the action is this little , the film starts to get tedious after awhile . There are a few inspired touches , such as high-noon showdown at the end that is obviously reminiscent of The Matrix , complete with bullets moving in near slow motion . Aside from these sort of scenes , The Art of War features a lame story that goes nowhere .
 I was expecting another great Snipes ' flick . What I got was a politically charged hate fest against republicans . OH , China is good . There 's nothing wrong with China geting the U.S. 's nuclear secrets . All right-wingers must die . There is the plot .
 I 've seen some bad movies . Some horrible movies in fact , but nothing , absolutely nothing , as bad as this . This is the result if you take bad editing , stolen scenes , and no plot and throw money at it.From the beginning where Neil Shaw -LRB- Wesley Snipes -RRB- gets in a fight at a major event and the event `` never happened '' to the public to the scene where a sniper kills a major diplomat at a major U.N. event . Does no one have security details in these things?His intuition of bombs in backpacks and the events that happened in the translators apartment are also quite unbelievable . If he 's that talented should n't he be working for Ms. Cleo instead of risking his butt?The ending to this movie is a direct rip off of `` The Matrix '' , unfortunately neither of the characters are superheroes so it comes off as ridiculous.Don ' t Waste your Money . And someone please convince Wesley Snipes not to waste his time or talent .
 Maury Chaykin is the only redeeming thing this movie has to offer , hence the two stars . Maury Chaykin played Nero Wolfe in A&E ; 's adaptation of Rex Stout 's THE GOLDEN SPIDERS . He was astonishingly good as the neurotic Wolfe , and made a tepid story-line a fascinating watch.In the abysmal ART OF WAR , Maury Chaykin hilariously plays a droll FBI agent , and relays the surreality of this farce of a movie by having a great time in his character . He alone is the only reason to watch this movie ; his is a class act performance in relation to the rest of the poorly conceived and executed movie.THE ART OF WAR pretentiously tries to adopt some of Sun Tzu 's maxims , but coming at the end of a goofy flick , one is more embarrassed by their employ than anything else . Although this movie is really about watching Wesley Snipes wander around vandalizing things and beating people up , they could at least have attempted to gin up a less shabby premise.Anyone who reads a newspaper will be totally bemused by the sorry devices parsed out as intellegient geopolitics . First of all , the United Nations does not negotiate trade treaties , does not have anything to do with the North and South Korean negotiations , and certainly does not mediate bilateral trade agreements between China and the United States . Second of all , the UN is a factionalized , marginally coherent entity that can barely keep its own paperwork in order , let alone conduct supersecret covert operations with a bunch of silly sassy spies . It 'd take everyone about two seconds to find out about it , and the UN Security Council members would promptly jail any UN Secretary General that tried anything that stupid . This movie presents a total misunderstanding of what the UN does and how it is organized . Thirdly , any prominent Chinese businessman that can buy and sell hotels on a whim would hardly jeopardize his position with a bunch of small-patatoes sweat-shops and smuggling operations . Fourthly , any diabolically `` clever '' conspiracy would hardly be based on the ham-handed right-wing politics that are demonized in this movie . There is also a total misunderstanding of elite policy perspectives in the US . The attempt to frame this movie as politically adept because it so blatantly advocates UN supremacy certainly does ca n't get around the fact that the political subtext is presented so atrociously.All of this makes the formulaic plot , underwhelming action scenes , and embarrassingly banal premise the ingredients of a movie that should never , ever have been made . It 's no wonder that this movie has elicited nothing from the world but a collective yawn .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 This movie is a rip-off of many other action movie ... It felt like a little bit of Mission Impossible with a pinch of Enemy of the State thrown in . Wesley Snipes stars as a U.N. spy , a very typical character in these James Bond style movies of one man takes on dozens , and wins . The plot is as difficult to follow as it is thin . The film centers around the concept that the U.N. is trying to build itself up as a major world power by framing people for the assasinations of heads of state . The movie does not spend enough time to develop this plot and thus leaves the viewer distracted from the action . Throughout the movie , you are presented with a small list of people for the `` who-done-it '' style ending , which I 'm sorry to say was very predictable . Overall , this film is worth watching on cable , but I personally would not pay the money to rent or buy it .
 Marie Matiko is the only positive in this film filled with misused talent . Donald Sutherland , who is usually a master at adding spice and roguish subtlety to the characters he portrays can not find a single hook in this ... script on which to hang his hat . He is straight and insipid as the Secretary General of the UN and could have been played by a community actor.Wesley Snipes , the unofficial hired gun who protects the UN interests , is always at the very least sharp-tongued and witty . Nope . Not even that . Besides some mildly entertaining martial arts scenes , the best right in the beginning , there just is nothing here in terms of script , action , or chemistry to make it worth your bother . It seems like there were hardly even any second takes to work on the interaction between the characters . No reason to bother.Oh , except maybe Marie Matiko . Who ? I do n't know , but she 's attractive and on occasion seemed to put an effort in this worthless script . I 'm going to go watch the Matrix for the 100th time .
 At least for a while , I 'm sure Snipes can make productions better than this . Otherwise , he will fall into Van Damme 's categorie ... Wesley is a good action hero , who can convince dramatically too . So why he spents his times in lousy films as this one ? In this , he even was one of the executive producers . The film is not a total waste of time , has good premise , intriguing start , but all is lost in the middle , when it goes in slow motion and the cliches flow everywhere around the place ... Sutherland is here again , a new kind kind of Michael Caine -LRB- be it , accepting whatever role people offer him - and still acting very fine -RRB- . Michael Biehn surprised me -LRB- negatively -RRB- as the steryotyped villain , I think he could do better than this . Anne Archer is totally unconvincing as the `` bad girl '' . The action scenes are average , no big deal , but does n't harm the movie . The trouble is really the plot , very , very weak , going towards Seagal , Van Damme and Lundgreen ... Cahnge your direction , Snipes , There 's still time .
 I was n't expecting too much when I rented The Art of War , just some mindless action entertainment . In all reality there is n't enough action in this film . Wesley Snipes plays a role that he 's played a thousand times before , renegade cop . The plot twists in this film are right out of the 1990 's action screen writing handbook . One thing I will say in favor of this film is that the martial arts sequences were accurately portrayed . Good hand to hand combat sequences and no Matrix style garbage . The plot is actually not bad , involving the UN and a US/China free trade agreement but The Art of War is not worth the time . Wesley Snipes should actually starting reading the scripts he chooses to sign on for .
 It 's final . Wesley Snipes has been type cast . No one can deny that . In this action thriller , Snipes plays Neil Shaw , a covert operative working for the U.S. Government . After years of service , one of his team-mates gets killed and then he is pinned for the death of a high foreign national . Now he is on the run looking for the person who did this to him . This is nowhere near Snipes ' best . In my opinion Jungle Fever or Boiling Point show his true acting ability . It is overly violent , using Matrix style matial arts as one of its ' the key selling points . I figured out the so-called `` mystery '' in the first few minutes of the movie . Even with a talent filled supporting cast ; Donald Sutherland -LRB- Disclosure , Shadow Conspiracy -RRB- , Anne Archer -LRB- Patriot Games -RRB- , and Michael Biehn -LRB- Aliens , Terminator -RRB- . This movie could n't be helped . One to steer clear of it at all possible .
 I do n't like to spend too much time reviewing films I did n't like . Fact I care so little for this film I did n't even FEEL like writing anything so I 'll try to keep it short.So why does this movie stink ? Simple , you can get EVERYTHING in this movie in ANY OTHER movie and done even better . I was HOPING for a spy film that could make up for MI2 . After Blade I thought Wesley Snipes might be headed in a better direction with his movie.The movie begins with a sub-par , uninteresting , rather bland not very actionish beginning . You see its not just the TYPICAL action thats a bore , there is no drama in this film that makes you care for anyone . Wesley Snipes was n't BAD , its the movie really . After I found out who was behind it all , I walked out because I could n't take anymore . the last 20 mins would have been just as boring as the rest of the film . The action scenes are SO boring!In short , DO N'T waste your time . Go Rent Mission Impossible or even SEE MI2 again JUST because the action was at least interesting if nothing else.So this movies does n't work even in a brainless action way . I saw a free screening on thursday that was n't even packed . I 'm glad I paid nothing for this film -LRB- free screening -RRB- , because it gives you nothing back in return .
 This is one of those movies that starts and ends like hundreds of others do . It seems like I had already seen this movie before . The action scenes were just like any other action movie . Fights in moving cars and people chasing each other through buildings in New York City just shouldnt impress anyone who watches action movies anymore . If you want to watch an action movie for the sake of watching an action movie then its not that bad , but certainly not good by any stretch of the imagination .
 I had to actually flip this dvd over to watch the end of the movie . It almost seems as though it could be a bootleg .
 Wesley Snipes at one time was a great actor whose talents canboth be used in comedy & action films but it seems as of lateSnipes is choosing the wrong roles to further extend on hisacting abilties . ART OF WAR a film about U.N Operative who isrunning from his crooked employers as well as the police whenhe is accused of killing the chinesse ambassador . The film ` saction scenes afre remiscent of James Bond films as well John Woo 's style of direction but it fails on any original storyline.It 's been done before but only better . Wesley Snipes Can doMuch better than this .
 I fast forwarded through most of the movie to get to the confirmation of who I knew were the `` bad guys '' , which I had figured out in the first five minutes . The most annoying part of the movie is the voice of the main Asian female character . I swear it was like a bad voice over of a Japanese film ! They used every cliche in the book - double crossing partners , sympathetic but hardened NY cop , a visit to the seedy mafia underbelly , etc. . Skip it .
 The best thing about this movie is the poster , which recalls the posters of the thrillers of the '70s . The second best thing is the trailer , which makes it seem silly , but a little fun , like a cheap thrill.You 'll observe that neither the poster nor the trailer are actually IN the movie.This movie is worse than just bad , but not bad in an even somewhat amusing way . This is the most poorly directed movie I have ever seen . There is no point of view , there is no logic , there is no rhythm or momentum . Every cut is jarring , every angle thoughtless.I respect Wesley for taking control and producing his own films , but he 's got ta do better than this . If he just had a better director -LRB- and a script would n't hurt -RRB- a lot of the glaring problems of this movie would be less visible . Actors who are not so clearly bottom of the bargain barrel would help , too.But special mention has to go to Anne Archer . She 's always been awful , but she reaches new lows here . The most ridiculous thing is that she 's supposed to be in charge of this super high-level espionage unit , and she 's about as savvy and sophisticated as an Iowa housewife who 's watched one episode of Martha Stewart . And the worst part is
 A classical of bad taste . The plot is pathetic , the acting terrible ... I really regret the 3 dollars I paid for renting this movie .
 I love Wesley Snipes , I have enjoyed many of his movies , but this is one is really really bad . It is painful to watch this film , if you can even call it that . The only part of this movie I found cool was the credit sequence at the beginning and the opening shot . The rest of this movie is a pile of cliches , with no purpose . The action sequences are very mediocre , with nothing new being shown . The dialogue in this movie is where this movie gets hurt very badly . The plot is ok , but if the dialogue had been sharper this movie could of at least been watchable . The one-liners made me cringe . The conversations between the characters is the same old , same old . This movie is completely unwatchable , and I recommend you do n't watch as it will destroy your respect for Wesley , which no one want to happpen .
 I saw The Art of War about 1 year ago , and I was verydisheartened by what I saw . The U.N. has always beenan enemy of freedom . It is a bastion of totalitarianismand socialism . The U.N. was founded by one-worlders , such as Alger Hiss and Harry Dexter White , who were bothexposed as Soviet Agents . One of the U.N. 's SecretaryGenerals , Kurt Waldheim , was a World War II Nazi . TheArt of War portrays the U.N. in a positive light , andthat is why I gave this move one star .
 The book , `` The Orchid Thief '' is wonderful . It is ashame that it is connected to the narcissistic screen play and movie `` Adaptations '' . The only thing in common are the character names . I hope someone else will do justice to the book in the future . If I could have picked a negative star -LRB- black hole -RRB- I would have . I watched the whole thing , because I had read the book . I felt cheated by this `` cop out '' movie . Everyone I was watching it with fell asleep . It was a true disappointment after reading the book .
 Oh boy , so much of this movie is so wrong . From the overheated casting -LRB- Nicolas Cage and Meryl Streep -RRB- to the destructive and cynical plot , `` Adaptation '' is a director 's star turn that falls flat on its face . What happened to the cool detachment and finely-drawn characters of `` Being John Malkovich '' ? Sorry , Charlie , but your own writers-block is never good material for a film , especially when it turns out this overplayed and underwritten . Chris Cooper is easily the best thing in this movie -LRB- no front teeth to chew the scenery with ... -RRB- and the Florida Everglades never looked so beautiful . A very unfunny movie that 's capsized by its own smug attitude .
 in one word
 In the 1960 's I read a rather minor science fiction story about a frustrated writer . During the course of the story he developed a computer program that would generate random sentences . He then turned the computer loose to print millions of lines every day hoping that a novel would eventually come out . He had lots of frustrations -- including the computer writing 3/4 of a wonderfully good novel . Unfortunately , he was n't a good enough author to finish it.The last two lines of the story were a repeat of the lines that began it -- giving the impression of a computer writing a story about a computer writing a story ... I had n't thought about this story in years but after watching this movie I did . And one of the thoughts was that I liked the old story better .
 I am very , very , very confused as to how this movie is getting an average of 3.5 stars.Now I can understand that some aspects of a cluttered film like this one can be appealing to some but I have no clue as to how somebody could derive enjoyment from the plot . The movie played like a broken record
 If I had to sum this movie up in one wored , it would have to be Pointless . You do n't care about any of the characters . You want they all to just go away and leave you alone . After about an hour and a half , In could n't stand it anymore and shut it off .
 This movie was one of the worst I have seen in a very long time . Could n't even finish watching it . Do n't waste your time .
 This movie is a waste of time . The actors do a good job -LRB- which is the only reason you keep watching -RRB- , but by the end you 'll want your life back . I preferred Synecdoche , New York .
 i really dont like movies that are 2-hours-long in jokes , and that is what this felt like . ive never much liked nicolas cage , and getting to see him in TWO roles doesnt do much for me . i liked chris cooper , but of course there was also the presence of the brilliant -LRB- sarcasm meter should be going bonkers here -RRB- miss streep , which in combo with cage and the glibness of the overall concept makes this one to avoid .
 This movie was a waste of time . Pointless.Certainly not worth seeing a second time.I like Nicolas Cage , but why ? What was he thinking?Not a good career move . Boring . Bad apple . Rotten egg .
 I guess if you think you 're smart and an extreme film buff , then you could go with the flow of critics and give this one 5 stars , but if you 're looking for anything even remotely entertaining as `` Being John Malchovich '' , then you will be sorely sorry you decided on this piece of fluff.The story moves at a snails pace , the acting is sub-par -LRB- Do n't even know why Chris Cooper got an Oscar -RRB- and the only chemistry going for it , is Nicolas Cage playing off of ... Nicolas Cage.It 's not as smart or intellectually stimulating as `` Malchovich '' , and I know it 's not the same movie , but when you have the same director and writer , you do expect something close to being as original and funny as `` Being John '' . Skip it , you wo n't miss anything in this over-hyped and uninteresting film .
 Although this movie is not unusual in its theme - successful but fragile artist examines the industry and their place within it in hopes of making sense of their life - it has been done better.Cage as screenwriter Kaufman gives a great performance but through all the machinations and twists of the movie I just did n't care what happened to him.In the opening sequence we see Kaufman being largely ignored by the crew and actors on the filming set of his movie Being John Malkovich which I found an absurb exposition upon which to base the character and the movie.In trying to explain his secret of not caring what other people think his brother tells him he always felt himself defined by who he loved , not by who loved him . Yes and a spoon full of sugar helps the medicine go down too!So many writers and directors have done what Adaptation should have been able to do without the scoops of vanilla ice cream coming at you all the time . As another reviewer has suggested 81/2 by Fellini is much better than Adaptation .
 I do n't blame the screen writer . The project was simply too big for him . I mean , how could anyone possibly write a great adaptation for `` The Orchid Thief '' ? It does n't have a plot , it 's full of ruminations about flowers ... It 's just not movie material.Okay , okay . I know that a lot of people thought this movie was great . I know , I know , 4 Academy nominations . Geez , says so on the box . Got a lot of good reviews from critics , I recognize that . This is strictly my personal view , but I hated it.The interweaving of the many threads -LRB- The screen writer 's self-contempt , his jealousy for his twin brother , the screen writer 's struggle to write an adaptation for a book that refuses to be adapted , the ` real ' story about Susan Orleanne and LaRoche , blah blah blah -RRB- failed . The whole idea of making `` The Orchid Thief '' into a movie was a bad idea in the first place , but this definitely was n't the best way to go about it . It 's boring , it does n't draw you into the story , it 's choppy , it has n't been edited enough , it will leave you depressed , and it might make you a bit angry because of disappointed expectations.I hated the main character . I did n't want to say this , since he 's based on a real person -LRB- the screen writer for this movie -RRB- but I did . He whines . He complains . He hates everyone , including himself . He 's arrogant . He 's embittered . And the worst thing is he has n't got a single real problem that accounts for his attitude . The movie was all the worse for his inclusion and the fact that he is the protagonist we have to spend our time with . I wanted to shout , `` Get a life , you whiner ! Some people actually HAVE REAL problems , unlike you ! '' He should n't have included himself in the movie . It 's hard , listening to his self-loathing and hatred for over an hour . Maybe he should 've taken some advice from McKee ; leave out some parts that are n't necessary . How are you supposed to sympathize with a protagonist you hate?There are two way to look at it ; You either think , like the movie critics , that1 -RRB- This movie was an ` intriguing , original , witty , zestful , thoughtful play upon the thin line between fact and fiction ` or you think , like me , that2 -RRB- The screen writer became desperate . He took the first idea that popped into his mind -- write about his own dilemma ! What a delightful turn , whee-hee ! But ... Uh-oh ... He get 's a bit stuck along the way , throws in some unbelievable twists , makes a fairy tale out of the whole thing , and gives himself a girlfriend and a good ending . The fact that it 's a blend between fact and fiction hurts the movie more than it compliments it . You keep thinking , ` Jesus , that just ca n't be happening . No , that 's not right . Oh no , oh no , WRONG TURN ! ` The actors did a good job , though . Great casting , great performances.I normally like intelligent art-indie style movies . I loved Magnolia . I was all prepared to like this one , or I should say , ` geared-up ' to like Adaptation ... After all , if I do n't , I 'll be in the minority within the group of ` intelligent movie watchers ' , would n't I ? Still , I say it loud and clear ; this was an artistic movie gone overboard , and for all its originality I declare it ADAPTATION GONE WRONG .
 I think somebody snuck the wrong DVD into the case when I viewed this because I seem to have seen a completely different film than everyone else here . I feel like the kid shouting `` The emperor has no clothes ! '' Maybe this is like modern art . It looks like rubbish , but people will still find a way to pull out some complex deep meaning from it . In my opinion , if you have to watch a film several times and do mental gymnastics to find its redeeming qualities , there 's something very wrong . However , if you 're the type who likes to watch artsy , overlooked films and feel superior to the masses for having done so then you just might like this one.Personally , I think it might deserve the award for worst film of all time . Very few films are bad enough to actually make me angry for having watched it , but this is one of the few . It was beyond boring and gave me no reason to care what happened to any of the characters . If it had at least been weird I might 've enjoyed it , but this was just boring and nothing more . I kept expecting it to get better but it never did . I can not say enough about how bad this movie was , and I was quite stunned that Meryl Streep was involved . Please read my one star rating as -10 stars .
 Surely one of the most self-absorbed and self-indulgent films with memory . Fabulous acting by Chris Cooper , Meryl Streep and Nick Cage ca n't save this dog . Somebody should have told Charlie Kaufman what Tom Lehrer once said -- that people with nothing to say should just shut up !
 If you really like off-the-wall , totally asynchronous , completely non-linear stories , this is it . If you consider yourself a mainstream movie buff , you 'll probably think this is the worst movie of the year.For me , this was not entertaining , fun , or even amusing . I kept looking at the time on the DVD player , trying to guess when this ... would end.The DVD does n't even include `` the making of '' extra material to explain what I just saw . My only comparison is `` Being John Malkovich '' - if you like one , you 'll like the other .
 Whenever the story is thin , at points bizarre , and pointless , writers try to make it look profound by using lots of flashbacks . Using identical twins , both writers , is another trick . The resulting confusion might strike people as profoundness . This did n't work for me in the case of Adaptation . Give me a straight story if you really have one . Also , keep your images steady and in focus , and do n't try to look dramatic by shaking the camera !
 some parts of it were funny . i fell asleep so i had to watch it in two separate viewings . a different `` tradition of storytelling . ''
 I saw this film because I was so impressed with Chris Cooper 's wonderful performance in `` Seabiscuit . '' He is good here as well , but the movie itself ... well , it 's just not for me . `` Adaptation '' stars Nicolas Cage as twins Charlie and Donald Kaufman . Neurotic Charlie 's job is to adapt the book `` The Orchid Thief '' by Susan -LRB- Meryl Streep -RRB- Orlean for the screen . He apparently has a very loose grasp of reality to start with , and , faced with monumental frustration , begins to put himself into the screenplay , and has the real characters doing fictitious things , including attempted murder -LRB- of him ! -RRB- Toothless Chris Cooper plays John , the eccentric orchid hunter , who combs Florida 's swamps for the elusive `` moth '' orchid and who , in Charlie 's mind , falls in love with Susan.It was never clear to me what was real and what was a figment of Charlie 's mind . Even the existence of brother Donald is questionable at times . The film 's story -LRB- it could n't be called a `` plot '' -RRB- is completely surrealistic . Add to this the fact that Charlie and Donald Kaufman actually wrote the screenplay for `` Adaptation , '' and that Susan Orlean really wrote a book called `` The Orchid Thief '' about a real man named John , and I was left confused and repelled by the characters and their actions . It is impossible to know what is real and what is fantasy , and none of the characters -LRB- especially the protagonist , Charlie -RRB- mattered to me.Nicolas Cage is just okay as the brothers ; he was repulsive and unbelievable . Streep is always flawless , but this script has her playing an unsympathetic , unlikeable woman I did n't care about at all . Oscar winner Chris Cooper , the reason I watched the film , showed great range as an actor , and certainly deserves points for losing several teeth for this part . His character was slightly sympathetic but mostly disgusting.I recommend this film to those who like off-beat , avant-guard film-making ; there is nothing traditional or familiar here . It was not to my liking , but I 'm sure there are many who would enjoy this energetic romp into chaos .
 I read the book `` The Orchid Thief '' and loved it . And so , when I heard it was being adapted for a film , I was delighted . I knew the film would be rather offbeat and experimental because I had seen the trailers . And it was being directed by Spike Jonze who directed `` Being John Malkovich '' . And Charlie Kaufman , one of the writers , was the creative genius who wrote the John Malkovich film also . I therefore expected something strange . Well , I certainly got it.This film is about the screenwriter himself and his struggles with creatively adapting the book . Nicholas Cage is cast in this role and he sure is a good actor , especially since he is playing two roles - one as the self-effacing screenwriter and one as his twin brother who is also a screenwriter . The camerawork is clever and Cage does an excellent job of portraying the two personalities . Meryl Streep is cast as Susan Orlean . She 's good too , but this is neither her best or most challenging performance . Chris Cooper , cast as the Florida orchid hunter manages to seduce the audience as well as Meryl Streep . But there are plot twists in this film that never occurred in the book . And much of it was overblown and silly.The film becomes is just too clever for it 's own good though . I spent most of the time wondering where it would go as it meandered around exploring the process of creativity . The characters were so exaggerated that I could n't relate to any of them . And even though the film is considered a comedy I did n't laugh once . Mostly , I just looked at my watch , waiting for it to end .
 There is a basic rule of cooking which states that if you use very good and very fresh ingredients and you neither over cook nor over spice them , the resulting dish will invariably be delicious . That simple formula does not apply to what Hollywood serves up , and this is an unfortunate example of how to take excellent actors -LRB- Streep , Cage , and Cooper -RRB- , a good book -LRB- `` The Orchid Thief '' -RRB- , use superb photography , enjoy a large budget , and produce what at best could be considered a mild emetic.There is no excuse to waste Meryl Streep 's acting genius on this idiotic , solipsistic , attempt at cleverness . It will be a long time before I manage to erase from memory the image of Streep in a Florida swamp holding -LRB- Pieta-like -RRB- the body of Chris Cooper , who has just been killed by a -LRB- rubber ? -RRB- alligator and screaming at Nicolas Cage -LRB- who is trying to escape the situation , as they probably all were -RCB- ... Oh , my ! The pain in her expression must have come from the realization of how her art was being iolated.The movie tries to exploit the terrain of self-deprecation , self-doubt , and a paralyzing sense of inferiority which Woody Allen has profitably cultivated over the years . Allen is funny precisely because he is not incompetent or inferior ; but here the script renders Cage as incompetent . And inferior . There is nothing funny about that.The worst of this horrible mixture is the artsy-craftsy pretensions with which it is riddled . Discontinuities in time and narration might be here to give the movie a certain `` avant-garde '' flavor , but they do n't , they just irritate . Cage plays himself and his twin brother -LRB- a technical virtuosity -RRB- ; together they are twice as painful to see as a single Cage would have been . Streep 's part is so undemanding that it could have been played -LRB- equally well -RRB- by any one of a thousand aging actresses . There is nothing in the script that allows her to shine , and therefore the Academy awarded her an Oscar for best supporting performance . Chris Cooper does shine in his role as a Florida hick with graduate school knowledge of everything . He too received an Oscar for his work , proving the inscrutability of the Academy . This aberration was directed by Spike Jonze , who should be charged with malpractice and kept out of the kitchen .
 ... is how I see myself on this one , as I will be in the minority of folks who REALLY did n't like this movie!Now , the little I knew about it going into the theatre was that people thought it was good but fell apart at the end . Alright , I had that much , and nothing else . Well , this did n't gel for me right from the start , let alone the ending.For one thing , it 's kind of misleading to say that this is a Nichlas Cage/Meryl Streep movie , because they 're barely in it together . It 's really a film of two parallel stories , happening out of synch with each other . Cage is a loser screenwriter who 's struggling to make an adaptation of Streep 's plotless book . He 's in real time , while she 's two years ago , interviewing the man in the Everglades she winds up writing a book about . A different take on the old flashback routine . Streep 's is the more interesting story because of the interviewee , a toothless horticulturalist who smacks of cracker every now and again . We can see her begrudgingly becoming fascinated and infatuated with her subject . Okay!But the Cage storyline is the one getting the most play on-screen , and is it a loser . Stories ABOUT losers are tricky business ; `` Rocky '' and `` Marty '' are the exception , not the rule . One bit of movie-making which I found particularly bad was that in Cage 's house , he keeps talking to himself , who is lying usually on the floor talking back to him . Only towards the end of the film did I realize that he had a twin brother -- I thought this was supposed to be proof of his insanity , or a manifestation of his conflicted inner self . No , it 's just his twin brother . Bad , really bad.And the ending ? Well , as I did n't like the movie in the first place , I was n't too broken up by what started happening . I 'm not going to spoil anything for anyone , but I will say that it brought to mind `` What Lies Beneath '' , a movie that was going along pretty well until it became laughably awful in its denouement . That 's the kind of thing that happens here , so preposterous and unmotivated , that it is shameful to Ms. Streep most of all . Period , case closed .
 Yawn . Another Hollywood movie that relies on gimmicks in the absence of a good plot . But then , I guess that 's the joke right ? You ca n't write an interesting movie about flowers . It just does n't zing and pop as much without graphic violence , sex , and fantastic chase sequences , right ? So , you write a movie about writing a movie about flowers so you can insert the aforementioned ingredients to make it more palatable for us mindless moviegoers.How cute . And insulting . We get it already - hollywood knows how to poke fun of itself -LRB- in it 's own self righteous kind of way -RRB- . Great . Now quit being so narcissistic and start putting out movies with actual plots.This movie is filled with sarcastic jabs at contemporary moviemaking , and little else . In fact I thought the only interesting part of the film was Merryl Streep 's initial observations of the obsessed orchid collector Laroche -LRB- Chris Cooper -RRB- - you know , the part that was n't supposed to be interesting.And , in the end , maybe that is the biggest joke of all .
 Do n't get me wrong , I GET this movie 's message . The problem is ... the message -LSB- is bad -RSB- . The movie had great promise , great cast , and it took all that greatness and completely crashed and burned . And yes , that is the point , but it honestly went beyond Hollywood clich&eacute; . It was something more putrid and disturbing that can only hide its ugliness behind the guise of a Hollywood clich&eacute; . The joke is not on the people that did n't get that this movie 's point was failure ; the joke is on the people that think this movie had some masterful point . People who loved the movie laugh at the ` nave ' people who hated it ; meanwhile Kufman is laughing at all the people that think he is making any statement at all ! It is -LSB- horrible -RSB- disguised as cleverness.I am a movie lover , a Meryl lover , and was intensely excited about the release of this film -LRB- having loved Kaufman 's previous work -RRB- , yet it was the only movie I have ever seriously wanted to walk out on . Painfully disappointing .
 Being a screenwriter myself , a story about another writer should be interesting , but this is pure self-indulgence by the writer , and the producers should be slapped for spending money on his indulgence . A more loathsome creature onscreen I have never seen than the scriptwriter 's persona played by Cage . Cage is good , as is Street , and Cooper gives an excellent performance , but the whole film had me feeling like I was covered by ants biting me all over until my nerves were raw . Maybe it is just me , but I am tired of Oliver Stone-type movies where quick cuts abound , and you have to move fast to avoid being hit by some off-the-wall filming . I miss linear storytelling .
 This movie was bizarre , slow moving , and disjointed . While the acting by Nicholas Cage and Meryl Streep was excellent in the parts they played , the depressing self-examination that dominated the plot was hard to follow and thoroughly unentertaining . The dark attempt at artsy comedy was absolutely disappointing and about as far from being comedic as anything I have seen .
 I think somebody snuck the wrong DVD into the case when I viewed this because I seem to have seen a completely different film than everyone else here . I feel like the kid shouting `` The emperor has no clothes ! '' Maybe this is like modern art . It looks like rubbish , but people will still find a way to pull out some complex deep meaning from it . In my opinion , if you have to watch a film several times and do mental gymnastics to find its redeeming qualities , there 's something very wrong . However , if you 're the type who likes to watch artsy , overlooked films and feel superior to the masses for having done so then you just might like this one.Personally , I think it might deserve the award for worst film of all time . Very few films are bad enough to actually make me angry for having watched it , but this is one of the few . It was beyond boring and gave me no reason to care what happened to any of the characters . If it had at least been weird I might 've enjoyed it , but this was just boring and nothing more . I kept expecting it to get better but it never did . I can not say enough about how bad this movie was , and I was quite stunned that Meryl Streep was involved . Please read my one star rating as -10 stars .
 A brilliant film which is surely crying out for a Special Edition treatment . Are the studio planning to release another version once we have all placed our orders ? Why no announcement either way ? I would love to buy this film on DVD but I 'm not interested in this `` vanilla '' Superbit release .
 Everyone told me I 'd love this movie . I want to be a screen writer , and I love different movies , including Being John Malkovich . When I finally rented it ... it just did n't do anything for me . It did n't entertain me , or really get me involved . I know it 's got a cool message or whatever , but you have to get the audience into the story before you give them the message or they wo n't care ! At least ... that 's what I think .
 Maybe it 's a case of ` liking this sort of thing ' , but I found `` Adaptation '' to be , like the writer and director 's `` Being John Malkovich '' , just too complicated and silly to be enjoyable , with a plotline running in and out of the lines of ironic boundary . This is even a little less impressive as it concerns the reliable dramatic device of a man and his twin brother , who may or may not be a figment of the other 's imagination . Nicholas Cage , Meryl Streep , and Chris Cooper offer dynamic performances in the principal leads but it 's the increasingly bizarre and emotionless story which gives the thing an impenetrably chilly air .
 This movie was so slow and long . Once you finally reach the last 45 minutes , you have reached the best part of the whole movie . Just let this movie run while you are busy doing something else .
 Yet another braindead , hollow , formulaic Hollywood concoction with the standard ingedients
 I expected to like this because I think `` Being John Malkovich '' is one of the most creative movies I 've ever seen . After the first 15 minutes or so of `` Adaptation , '' I just thought it was a slow-starter . Same thing after about an hour . I do n't know why my wife and I watched the whole thing , but we wish we had n't . What a waste of time . `` Being John Malkovich '' has bizarre elements , but that is not what makes it successful . It is thought-provoking , surprising , and hilarious . After watching `` Adaptation , '' I had the impression that the creators decided to recapture the bizarreness of `` Malkovich '' without its well-thought story and rich humor .
 Well , like , y' know , we got ta make this movie , so what 'll it be about ? Oh , I know ! It 'll be about * me * writing this movie and it 'll be * so * cool -- cause I 'll go in and out of the movie so the audience , like , never knows what 's going on ! And I 'll be the writer , who 's a genius , of course , but make him look like an idiot ! With a twin ! How cool is that ? And there 's this guy who just knows all this cool stuff about nature and all that smart stuff and ... he 's an idiot too ! But he 's a genius ! -LRB- This is so cool ! -RRB- And he just like gets to know all about fish and stuff and learns everything ! He can even say the cool technical names and all , so he 's a genius , but then he just drops things , y' know , cause like now he knows all about it , been there , done that . And like , there 's this cool bored career woman who like does n't have any passion left and so ... -LSB- This has all been done before and tossing it into a garbage disposal to see what comes out when does n't save it from being tripe . -RSB-
 I have attempted to watch this movie twice . After getting part way through it both times , longer through the second time just to force ourselves to give it more of a chance , we shut it off due to the fact that we were so incredibly bored.I have absolutely no understanding of what any of you , who liked it , see in this movie . Perhaps it gets better , but when over half of the movie is dead , I do n't see how it could .
 The film is comic at points but its juxtaposition of caricatures are just that . As parody its representations are too broad to provide the kind of delight one finds in say , `` Dr. Strangelove . '' I would n't recommend even wasting a Netflix rental on it .
 I tried to watch this movie , I made it through over and hour of torture and shut it off.Maybe my expectations were too high . The critics loved this movie , they called it funny . Big name actors . I thought it was ... junk . Too much unhappiness and dispair for me .
 Saw this movie thinking it truly must be worth all of the hype . Not that far into it I turned to my friend and said `` If Nicholas Cage masturbates one more time , I 'm leaving ! `` Shining perfomance -LRB- once again -RRB- by Chris Cooper , and the story between him and Meryl Streep was worth watching . However in this film , their wonderful performances were wasted.As for Nick , I generally like the guy , but this movie was a stretch for him . The entire time I felt as though I was watching a guy who was acting , and not as if I were in the story . Not sure what all of the buzz was about . Truly a disappointment in my view.Spend your money on `` Lost in Translation . ''
 Adaptation straddles the border between being clever and being smug . There were some amusing scenes , but by the end of the film I felt that the filmmakers probably had more fun making the film than I actually had watching it . Despite Jonze 's amusing camera tricks , this probably worked better as a screenplay than it does as a film .
 Look , I understand very well that I 'm supposed to find this thing `` brilliant , innovative , unique '' and so forth . But to begin with , the storyline of making a movie about making a movie is old , tired , and absolutely lackng in originality . This yawner wastes a good cast in telling a ho-hum tale about a mediocre writer . By the end of this thing , I really wanted those 90 minutes of my life back . The humor is lame , the situations are absurd , and the plot is devoid of interest .
 It is curious that so few people find the bad reviews helpful . They are much more insightful than many of the good ones.So , here goes another bad one , insightful or not.I was extremely disappointed with this movie . I was looking forward to the odd conceit of a film within a film . Having labored through reading The Orchid Thief , I knew it would be a difficult book to bring to the screen . Good idea , I thought , to make a movie about writing the screenplay . It would give the book some meat . Where did it go wrong ? From the opening scenes to the bitter end.The major trouble with the movie is that we do n't care about any of the characters . Charlie and his brother are loathsome -LRB- so much so that Charlie loathes himself , his one smart move -RRB- . By the end of the movie , we still barely care about any of them , we just want them to go away . Laroche is well cast and well acted , but he spirals into a despicable character , something he never did in the book . The major points of the book are that Orleans never saw the rare treasure , the ghost orchid -- and , she DID NOT physically fall for Laroche . A non story ? Or , a story so subtle that the lessons are too profound for people to understand . OK , that 's the hard to adapt part.Enter Charlie . IF we had liked Charlie , and the movie within the movie idea had held steady , it might have gone somewhere . The story could have continued to be about Charlie and his screenplay . Instead , the screenplay becomes the book , and in a huge muddle , the Hollywood ending melds the screenplay and the book , resulting in an unbelievable , pointless , gratuitous ending . Streep even sinks into pathetic acting with trite lines.What could have saved this film would be to keep the play and the book separate , i.e.
 Read the book , thought the movie would be good , but it was not good , it was bad . The dumbest thing I have ever seen in years . Actors should be ashamed to cash their checks . As for an award ? You have got to be kidding . WASTE of money and time .
 Where do I start with all the things that are wrong with this film . First of all , it claims to be based on the book , which it absolutely is not . The movie writers took two characters from the book and one very broad idea and cast the rest of it aside . By the rest , I mean the book 's short stories about adventure , history , culture , passion and of a colorful guy -LRB- Laroche -RRB- who stepped in and then out of the Orchid lover 's circle in Florida . Instead , we end up watching `` screenwriter '' Nicholas Cage struggle with his enormous lack of self-confidence from which every annoying complication stems . This messy story is scattered with bits and pieces from the book as opposed to simply following any substance within the book itself . I found it hard to relate to such an unemotional , boring main character who would n't stop talking about himself throughout the whole movie . Its also a shame that the movie writers felt it necessary to extend the book beyond where it ended into a tabloid-esque scandal consisting of Laroche , Orlean and the two brothers mixed up with drugs , sex and violence ... and finally after all that , Cage is able to smile .
 I rented this film hearing good things about it , and only veiwing bad things . Nothing really happens till the end of the movie , half of it is flashbacks , and everything just seems to have no end . The only good charactor is the kauffman brother who is wrighting the screenplay `` The 3 '' . And he is annoying . The only time this movie even tends to pick up is at the end of it -LRB- which by then u have probubly turned off the movie and thrown it in the trash . -RRB- STAY AWAY FROM THIS PEICE ...
 I guess I should 've known better , being that I loathed Being John Malkovich , but I was pretty shlitzed when I hit the video store so what the hell.So tonight I put on the DVD , only to find that the first minutes , while white credits are slowly getting gone through on a black screen , are occupied by a voice-over by Nicholas Cage , whining about his life at great length like a Woody Allenesque self-pitying slob . `` I need to get my life back on track , got ta start running five miles a day , really do it this time , make it happen maybe I 'll take up rock climbing I 'm really in a rut ... '' This person has a severely neurotic personality which is not attractive in the least . Its at this point you begin to see what you 're in for with this picture
 This movie felt 4 hours long . Very tired and boring .
 Movie dwells on a Woody Allen type screenwriter who rants about how stupid he is and what a pitiful life he leads . Not what I want for my precious leisure time . The book was intelligent and intriquing . The movie sinks to sleeze
 `` Adaptation '' will , probably , be remembered among the 10 worst films produced in this Century.Why the talented and beautiful Meryl Streep agreed to be part of this fiasco will , probably , remain known only to her . The story line & script would become lost in the eye of a needle . Gage plays his usual neurotic self . How this film won any awards is beyond me . I will not type the rating that I would give it .
 It 's been a month since I saw this movie and I still have the same feelings . I did n't like it , because it fails to deliver a clear message to the viewer , who in this instance would like to know why some things happen . Some of the scenes are very graphic -LRB- i.e. car accident -RRB- and shatter the viewer . I personally feel that few too many events lack cohesiveness and become extreme for no apparent reason.Pros
 Strip away the wacky creature from the swamp , and `` Adaptation '' is nothing more than another film about writer 's block and the relationship between art and life . Many others have come down this road . The Coen brothers in `` Barton Fink '' . Woody Allen in `` Deconstructing Harry '' . Woody Allen again in `` Bullets Over Broadway '' . Federico Fellini in `` 81/2 '' . So this movie 's not really `` fresh '' . It 's not even that good . I agree with another reviewer that the Nicholas Cage character is just pathetic . Woody Allen played artsie schmos , too , but Woody at least had charisma , screen presence , and a really big sense of humor . Nic Cage has none of that . yuk . yuk . yuk .
 Having enjoyed `` Being John Malkovich '' I was ready for an offbeat , untidy but funny movie . What this high-powered team delivered instead was a meandering , pointless , self-indulgent movie . They kept trying to tell the story from different perspectives , but this is no Rashomon and Jonze is no Kurosawa.Anyway , as you can see from the other reviews here , others felt very differently . All I can say is -LRB- 1 -RRB- you 've been warned ! -LRB- ;--RRB- and -LRB- 2 -RRB- if you nevertheless rent or buy it and find that you hate the first 15 minutes , PLEASE just turn it off at that point and go off and do something more productive and enjoyable . Which would be almost anything you can think of !
 From reading the other reviews it seems that everyone else loved this film more than I did . I wanted to leave the cinema -LRB- two of my friends did -RRB- when I went to see it . I found the story between Meryl Streep and Chris Cooper well acted and touching but I was irritated by the parts of the film that featured Nicolas Cage 's character , Charlie . For me it was almost as if he was getting in the way and I left the cinema with the distinct impression that I would have enjoyed it much more if I had simply read the book .
 This movie was bizarre , slow moving , and disjointed . While the acting by Nicholas Cage and Meryl Streep was excellent in the parts they played , the depressing self-examination that dominated the plot was hard to follow and thoroughly unentertaining . The dark attempt at artsy comedy was absolutely disappointing and about as far from being comedic as anything I have seen .
 * Minor Spoiler Ahead * Instead of recapping the plot , I 'll just say what I liked and did n't like about this movie.First of all , the acting was great . Especially Cage . -LRB- I never thought I would say that before about him ! -RRB- . The first two thirds of the movie were hilarious , bleak , and I eagerly awaited the ending . I thought for an instant that I was on the verge of seeing something really innovative and thought provoking . Unfortunately I then saw the ending , and felt insulted.Here is why
 If this is critically acclaimed as a movie than we have New york critics who arein therapy or need to be ? I suppose there are two ways to look at this movie : a through the looking glass comedy about intellectual instabilityor just a play by someone who should probably be in prison forthe safety of the community ? Something like van Goghcutting off his ear without the excuse of great art?In the decline of the Roman Empire the ruling class just lost it.That behavior seems to be the state of New York in the entertainment industry?People get critically acclaimed for making trash andcalling it art.I think the totally lost fellow who gives the screen writing classkind of sums up how bad thing really are ?
 Picture this
 Adaptation was a highly lauded film , critically , but nowhere near a great film . Yes , Chris Cooper won an Oscar for his turn as botanist John LaRoche , & it is a good performance until the film tanks , as well as his acting . Again , it 's no defense to claim the screenplay or director wanted deliberately bad , hammy , over-the-top acting . Anyone who 's seen CC in earlier roles in John Sayles films such as Matewan or Lone Star knows he is 1 of the best actors of our times . Adaptation is not in a league with either of those 2 performances . Anyway , here 's the basic pr&eacute;cis of the film
 Adaptation had my attention until the strange and boring second half . The only thing I liked about this dark comedy was Nicholas Cage and Chris Cooper , they are the two finest actors around . Meryl Streep was n't designed for this type of role , she overacts sometimes . I can not even explain the plot , it is so confusing . I was expecting greatness , jeez Spike Jones is out of his freakin ' mind ! Do n't waste your money on this lackluster comedy .
 The only folks who could possibly get anything out of this movie might be those who read the book `` The Orchid Thief '' . Everyone else is left guessing and trying to piece each scene together . The acting is good , but there 's no continuity in the story line - unless you 've had prior knowledge from the book .
 Well , at least Kaufman seems to know that he ca n't write a third act to save his -LRB- or his fictional brother 's -RRB- life . The emperor is officially desnudo , my friends .
 The one truth in this movie is when screenwriter Charlie reviles himself for turning a screenplay about The Orchid Thief into a screenplay about himself . I agree ! Cage as Charlie is embarrassing - he seems to be trying to copy Woody Allen . The only good moments here are provided by Streeps and Cooper -LRB- Streeps is especially good -RRB- . The rest is a waste of time . And the concluding segment , where Charlie gives in to his twin Donald and produces an `` action '' ending , is just silly . Very disappointing ! I had high hopes and simply do n't understand the enthusiasm others have expressed .
 Chris Cooper and Meryl Streep are great . Nicholas Cage is not very good . The movie as a whole was extremely boring , disjointed , and horribly written . I was really excited to see this movie . It had gotten rave reviews and friends recommended it . What a big disappointment . Do n't waste your time . Skip over this one and see something else .
 like many unfortunate souls out there , i had heard how great adaptation was , blah blah blah . i rented it and proceeded to utterly waste two hours of my life . i 'm writing this for one reason only
 I like Meryl Streep and Nicholas Cage is pretty good as his usual unusual character playing two characters , however in the critical third act of the movie this film goes whacko south . Cage obsesses over writing a screenplay , while his twin brother locks it down in a hilarious short amount of time and suddenly becomes the one trying to save his brother 's successful career as a writer . So they begin stalking this writer , played by Streep who begins having an affair with the man she 's written a book about.Writers falling in love with the writer 's of their work subject was interesting , where this would resolve was kind of interesting . Until one brother is taken hostage by Streep when she catches him watching her have an affair , she 's married . Taling both brother 's out to the Florida swamp Streep and her lover intend to kill them and this is where the movie lost all credibility with me . If Streep 's marriage had been initially outlined as something she was tremendously involved in then her fearign exposure and loss could 've made sense . However her ego is n't as clearly portrayed as Cage 's over his work . Him snapping and killing and kidnapping is credible but her snapping seems contrived or something to kill off his odd twin brother and show that they really do care for each other.I think the problem with these movies now is that they are strong in casting and in the first two acts but then writers and producers and directors panic and try to pump up the ending . And messes like Adaptation are made.Good actors , good two thirds of the film but the final third is so out there that it ruins the rest of the film by the time the credits role . It comes off as contrived . A genius writing a great movie is a good thing , a genius hurling the ending out of nowhere at an unsuspecting audience , is unfair .
 This movie was BY FAR the worst movie I have EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE , that is not an exaggeration . When I saw it , I went for free to the Sneak preview screening compliments of my local radio station , so I did n't actually waste any money on this atrocity -LRB- thank the gods -RRB- . However , It was so utterly bad that I felt I had still been wronged for having wasted my TIME having gone . In addition , this movie has in fact ruined Nicholas Cage for me FOREVER , I can not take him seriously anymore . The worst mistake he ever made was agreeing to make this movie . If I had a copy , I would not sell it , I would BURN IT !!!
 Have you ever noticed that some of the movies that are hailed as `` great dramas '' are actually pieces of crap ? This is that kind of movie . The basic premise of this movie is that a successful movie screenplay writer -LRB- Nicholas Cage -RRB- has just finished a great movie and now has writer 's block . Cage lives with his twin brother -LRB- also played by Cage -RRB- who frustrates him . There are some other parallel stories going on involving Meryl Streep and Chris Cooper , but I wo n't waste your time.It seems like your basic middle-of-the-road dramedy with celebrity names plastered over it , but this movie goes even farther than that . It tries to capture the essence of `` the repressed self '' that headline -LRB- better -RRB- movies like ` American Beauty ' , but fails miserably . What tries to connect with pent up inner frustration hits nowhere near the mark , and the writing just plain sucks . In the end , this movie is BAD , simply put . `` Bizarre '' is also a word that comes to mind , but not in a good or clever way . Please do n't throw two hours of your life away on this movie .
 I wanted to like this movie but just could n't . This is a sad case of the filmakers `` high on themselves '' and in my opinion must think they are `` legends in their own minds . `` True if you are a screen writter , film maker , some Hollywood hotshot or journalist this movie could be everything you want it to be.For me I just wanted to witness Nicholas Cage in another great role in a good movie . It 's just Nicholas Cage in another one of his dozen bad movies . Cage 's acting is well done and the best since `` Leaving Las Vegas '' , but not as outstanding just for the fact the characters in this movie are not likeable , nor is the story any good . It was very boring not to mention also very depressing . Some comical aspects are in this movie but the filmakers are WAY OVER thinking this whole project of just a movie.The filmakers are so `` high on themselves '' that it 's almost emmbarrasing to the average movie go-er to bother even watching.This is the kind of CRAP the Hollywood bozos like to call art and amuze themselves with I guess . In no shape or form would I call this David Lynch wannabe any form of art . As a average movie go-er looking for a good comedy-drama , this one just plain stinks and the only thing that held it together was the acting in the movie.Too bad it could n't of been redone with a better outlook on life and alot better ACTUAL WRITTING . Which is what the movie is about . I suppose half the reason this movie stunk , IN MY OPINION , is because the writters must 've had writter 's block and nowhere to go , or only to peddle this bad movie to their Hollywood buddies that would approve.I suppose if you like the kind of movies where Hollywood people are into themselves , then this is your flick.Wanna see a REAL movie ? Rent `` The Big Lebowski '' for some good writting for a dumb movie . Plus it 's actually funny and not depressing like this one.I wanted to like this movie , but I ended up hating it . The bad acid-trip like story telling and writting overshadows Nic Cage 's acting and just makes this one a mess in my opinion.I have also recently noticed that on amazon if you write a public `` opinion '' review of a movie , ESPECIALLY a movie that has fans , basically `` fanatics '' of a certain movie , they give you bad ratings . These are the same David Lynch fans that never can ever explain what they just seen , so they call it `` a form of art '' . I respect other opinions of movies and if they enjoyed it then good for them.But my review is for those that if your NOT into the whole `` Hollywood scene '' then I would figure they might not like this movie . I found nothing facinating about this movie . It was like a bad `` Twilight Zone '' boring Hollywood drama IN MY OPINION .
 I guess many people like giving the middle finger to Hollywood . We all need scape goats . Or do we?This movie had wonderful acting , which pulled the movie up about 10 degrees past dull . While I do not care for contrived , poorly made Hollywood blockbusters , I am even more sickened by the pseudo-intellectual elite who are so angry at the cash being pulled in that they position themselves as the `` struggling genus who will never be appreciated for the masterpieces he creates . `` Blech . Total self pity . True genius is n't the sewage and bilge that swills in the hidden corners of your mind . Anyone can feel sorry for themselves . True genius speaks for itself , and does n't need the elite to tell the `` uneducated '' dummy what the point was.We live in a world where a 75 IQ individual is considered a fool despite the fact that he has enough intelligence to open doors for elderly women , and 150 IQ `` geniuses '' wallow in the muck of human existance , busy telling us how bad it is to be alive.Poor , poor Kaufman . You need to write a screenplay about a man who is clueless to the fact that real people like heroes . You need to write a screenplay about a man who has no clue that we are not defined by what we love , but rather by how we act.Kaufman is typical of our modern era
 If you are a pathetic loser , and you like to watch movies writen by pathetic losers that are about themselves being a pathetic loser , then you should definitely watch this movie.An author writes a book that is to be written into a screenplay , and the screenwriter is such a self-indulgent twit that he writes the movie about himself -LRB- the movie is all about what a loser he is -RRB- . Meryl Streep made the movie bearable -LRB- she 's gorgeous here -RRB- . Do n't eat just before watching this movie , because you 'll see shots of a shirtless Nicholas Cage .
 This is a horribly disappointing film . Reviewers that give this thing more than two stars are doing a prospective buyer no favor . Cage remains his usual one-dimensional self . The story is ... boring . Very few of us are going to hang in there with a tale of a flower . Trust me on this one guys ! The `` twin brothers '' -LRB- Cage in both roles -RRB- are confusing , as Cage is still Cage . Set your sights higher and buy any other new release . You can only improve your shopping cart .
 Went to see this movie as the critics all gave raving reviews . First suspected something might be wrong when I saw there was no one else in the theatre . Walked out halfway through the film -LRB- something I have not ever done before -RRB- . If you think Hollywood and the movie making business is the center of the universe , and thoughly enjoy stories about screwed up people - then you might like this movie . If on the other hand you see making movies as only a very small part of the real world , and if you do n't enjoy mucking through the details of messed up lives - then this movie is a waste of time.Frankly , even a `` 1 star '' rating for this movie is too high !
 This movie could have been written by a film school student with no talent . The plot is trivially simple
 Ok , I do n't know about you but i could not get into this movie it draged on and was just dull to me , It could not keep my attention i turned it off half way into it.Eevn though it has Niclas Cage , Meryl Streep and Chis Cooper who are top names it just did n't do it for me . Maybe i should give it another chance but why bother ? One star for trying.sorry
 This had to be the worst dissapointment I have viewed in a long time . I bought this DVD haven read `` The Orchid Thief '' which was a great book ; much more than I can say for the movie.I am surprised the author of `` The Orchid Thief '' approved the script of this movie.It was slow at the beginning and slow at the end and everywhere in between . It had no imagination and riding on the heels of `` The Orchid Thief '' it did the book nothing but injustice.I could not even recommend this movie to my worst enemy .
 Nicolas Cage is brilliant in his interpretation -LRB- s -RRB- but I ca n't understand how this movie can get 5 stars ... it is boring boring boring and quite ridiculous in some scenes .
 i ca n't imagine how ms. streep got herself into this mess . it could only have been meant to be passed from one screen-writer to another as an in joke . when i got to the final scenes that took place in the swamp , -LRB- with my favorite character , the alligator -RRB- the smell was overpowering !
 I find it funny that someone almost one an oscar for a film about a writer 's `` lack of talent '' . Kaufman was assigned to write a movie about Susan Orlean 's `` The Orchid Thief '' , but instead he came up with a biography of himself and his failure to make an adaptation of the book . This is n't a film it 's a documentary of Kaufman 's failure to screenwrite .
 The movie is so lame and boring !! And what irritated me the most was the character played by Nicolas Cage - Charles Kaufman . He is such a pathetic loser , halfway thru I wanted to jump into the movie and slap him hard ! This is one of those attempts to show a messed up movie and characters , try and make a mix of fantasy-n-reality . Some directors know how to do it and it works , but Spike Jonze is not one of them.And to top it all , the ONLY special which the DVD contains is the theatrical trailer !!!!!!!!! Nothing else . Run away , faaar faaar away.Hmmm . . one thing which I wanted to say that there are 2 car crash sequences in this movie which were like - friggin ' amazing . Gave me quite a jolt . Just mentioned , that 's all ...
 Last Xmas I brought my recently purchased `` ADAPTATION '' dvd to my brother 's , and we sat down to watch . I had already prepped them as to the basic storyline and the award nominations.After 15 minutes into the movie I turned to my brother and his wife asking if they wanted to watch something else . I asked the question because I was embarassed at how bad the movie was so far . They were kind and said they 'd watch it thru to the end . In actuality , they both nodded off from sheer boredom.I had high hopes for the flick since Meryl Streep and Nick Cage were both favorite actors plus the buzz had been so favorable . Nick 's performance actually made me uncomfortable . It appeared too mannered and I could not feel any sympathy for his plight.Meryl is just plain beautiful to watch but again an unsympathetic character.Chris Cooper kept what momentum existed in the movie going with his performance , and I found Cara Seymour to be very endearing.And the last 20 minutes of the movie appeared contrived and a bit pointless.I must state here I enjoyed `` Fargo '' , and loved `` Raising Arizona '' and `` Oh Brother , Where Art Thou ? '' But I can not recommend this movie . The two star rating is based on Chris Cooper 's performance and the opportunity to see Meryl Streep on the screen .
 I laughed a lot during my first viewing . But my second viewing was awesomely different . While the information found in Susan Orlean 's book , THE ORCHID THIEF , is indeed still inspirational , it is Nicolas Cage 's portrayal of the brilliant Charlie Kaufman that I find most problematic now.Nic Cage is n't asked to do much with the character , and does n't do much with it , compared to the charisma he exudes thoughout the picture in his portrayal of Donald Kaufman . Charlie is a character without inspiration . And Nic Cage portrays the character without any idea as to how he could make it moving , or funny.How I managed to overlook the flaws in his perf ' during my first viewing is simple . ADAPTATION , just like BEING JOHN MALKOVICH before it , is a totally original story , that only gets weirder and more surprising as the narrative continues to its ultimate finale , on a first viewing , of course . The screenplay is the star . Nicolas Cage , Meryll Streep , and Chris Cooper , are not starring in Spike Jonze 's picture . But Charlie Kaufman 's . His script , at first , is a ride down a rabbit-hole , whose scenary is perfectly overwhelming in its glorious oddities . Virgins are in its clutch.But when you whipe away all of the weirdness , no longer surprised by it all , there 's still Nic Cage 's uninspired portrayal of Charlie .
 A while ago , my wife brought home Moulin Rouge from the video store and I ran screaming out the door . When I came back two hours later from the bar , I asked her if she liked the movie . `` No , '' she said , `` but I was glad I saw it . '' I spent the better part of a week trying to figure out what on God 's green earth she meant by that . How can you be glad to see a movie you did n't like ? Well , now that I 've seen Adaptation , I know exactly what she meant . Adaptation , like Moulin Rouge -LRB- and no , I did n't end up seeing it . Some things I simply can not do -RRB- , is a movie that is eminently worth seeing without actually being good.Let me explain . Sometimes you 'll see a film and not like it , but you will want to have seen it , in order to engage yourself with it , to actually decide for yourself if it is lousy , or thought-provoking , or whatever -LRB- Note
 The first 80 % or so of the film are boring . If you try to conceal your lack of ideas by writing a story about lack of ideas ... and jumping back and forth in time ... Then there is obviously enough of surprise , sex , violence , drugs , and dead bodies to boost the IMDB ratings to incredible levels . I regret watching it .
 Since I was teaching the short story I wanted to also show the film.Loved seeing young Harry Belefonte and early Zero Mostel but the film does not haveimpact of the short story and drags . The musical score is really irritating.The two main characters were actually miscast , according to the story.Karol Verson
 I had bought this movie a few years ago and never watched it until recently.I was disappointed by the plot and by the characters , the premise itself is fascinating.The premise is that this unlikely black angel -LRB- Belafonte -RRB- comes to this suffering Jewish man -LRB- Mostel -RRB- and his wife and tries to get him to believe in the angel . The theme of a man 's need to believe in something resonates.But the plot goes in a different direction , much of it is about the angel . And the language is often harsh and the movie itself resembles The Pawnbroker in its cynical and harsh view of New York life at that time.Mostel is perfect , I believe every word and action of him . Belafonte would be a great choice as the angel if the plot eliminated the earthiness and self-pitying of his character and stressed the idea of him as an angel . As for the rest of the cast , Milo O'Shea as a Jewish doctor ?
 The only reason I 'm reviewing this movie is to caution traditional values families not to waste their time on it . The premise to the story could be a wonderful portrayal of a man 's search for meaning in life and for God . But the so-called angel has no hesitation to use the Name of the Lord in vain ... and often . My wife could n't believe how contra-real-angel he was . Whomever dreamed up this movie has no idea of either angels or personal relationship with God . Forget this one .
 Movie was scratched and I couldnt watch the movie with it stopping every 4 to 5 minutes due to scratches . Id like to return it for the same movie only that i dont want it scratched .
 If I had n't rented this movie myself , I would have thought I was watching a late-night , made-for-TV movie on USA Network . The main characters are all played by has-been TV actors , none of whom really did much to enhance their parts . Maybe it was just the terrible dialogue . Judd Nelson had better lines in `` Suddenly Susan '' , which says something about how terrible this movie was . Normally , I would have said that 90 minutes was not long enough to develop the plot and let the audience get to know the characters , but in this case , I just kept looking at the clock to see how much sleep I was losing.For a movie about a ship , you 'd think they 'd actually have real shots of a ship . Instead , it appears that they took footage from a video game . Even the helicopter that transported the characters to the ship was fake . And the scene inside the Chinook helicopter was very inaccurate . There is no way the characters could have heard each other over the roar of 2 rotor engines . They should have had headphones on . And the special effects of the Bermuda triangle and the ghosts in the final scene were not gripping at all . In fact , there was no suspense in this movie.It is easy to see why this movie went straight to video . Save your money and go see `` Ghost Ship '' instead . Oh , by the way , there are no special features on the DVD and if you want captions , the only choice is Spanish .
 I spent most of this movie asking why this ship was n't moving in heavy seas.Then I spent a few minutes yelling at it.Highly predictable `` boo '' factor here.Telegraphed from the off.I happen to like mindless entertainment late at night.Sometimes I just watch a stoopid movie.Ten Little Indians did it better .
 Ok , I had high hopes for this flick , but I was very let down . Judd Nelson is pathetically unbelievable . His acting is horrible compared to his performance in `` Breakfast Club '' , which says a lot . Lance Henrikson does a fair job , and his character is somewhat convincing , but any role the man portrays screams `` Millennium '' -LRB- former TV show -RRB- . The DVD itself has no special features that would set it apart from a VHS copy , save the digital audio track . The only reason to watch this movie to show your friends that , although `` Freddy Got Fingered '' really is the worst movie ever , you 've found a serious contender for a 2nd place finishing .
 I must say I 'm glad I did n't pay much for this . As a fan of Judd Nelson 's work I took a chance and have regretted it ever since . -LRB- Though probably not as much as Nelson -RRB- Not even Judd could save this wreck of a movie . The special effects are the ONLY thing going for it and even they were n't all that special . The acting is pathetic and the writing is even worse . Oh , and did I mention the story ? I can not believe the folks at UFO and City Heat Productions funded the making of this masacre . I also ca n't believe they suckered Nelson and Lance Henrikson -LRB- Aliens -RRB- into making it . My guess is both actors lost a bet ! Please , do yourself a favor and pass on this one !
 I was n't sure what the movie was about . Whether it was about someone trying to write a story , a man looking for answers or the ship itself . The plot and the storying line is a little rough or rather non existent . There is alot of paranormal stuff in the movie but very little is said to clarify what happened to the staff and passengers . There is alot left unsaid . The only reason I gave this film 2 stars is because of the sound . If you turn off your t.v. you can listen and imagine a better movie ...
 What a horrible movie . No redeeming value whatsoever . This movie is what happens when all of the budget goes to CGI special effects -LRB- and they ai n't that great -RRB- and none is spent on writing or editing .
 If I had n't rented this movie myself , I would have thought I was watching a late-night , made-for-TV movie on USA Network . The main characters are all played by has-been TV actors , none of whom really did much to enhance their parts . Maybe it was just the terrible dialogue . Judd Nelson had better lines in `` Suddenly Susan '' , which says something about how terrible this movie was . Normally , I would have said that 90 minutes was not long enough to develop the plot and let the audience get to know the characters , but in this case , I just kept looking at the clock to see how much sleep I was losing.For a movie about a ship , you 'd think they 'd actually have real shots of a ship . Instead , it appears that they took footage from a video game . Even the helicopter that transported the characters to the ship was fake . And the scene inside the Chinook helicopter was very inaccurate . There is no way the characters could have heard each other over the roar of 2 rotor engines . They should have had headphones on . And the special effects of the Bermuda triangle and the ghosts in the final scene were not gripping at all . In fact , there was no suspense in this movie.It is easy to see why this movie went straight to video . Save your money and go see `` Ghost Ship '' instead . Oh , by the way , there are no special features on the DVD and if you want captions , the only choice is Spanish .
 Since the reviews for `` Trail of Robin Hood '' seem to have been consolidated under one title , I 'll address the dvd first and the older VHS version afterward . As for the movie itself , `` Trail of Robin Hood '' is one of the most beguiling , downright charming of all later Roy Rogers westerns . It 's also one of the most surreal B-westerns ever made , not only aware of its anachronisms but absloutely reveling in them , presenting us with a 1950s white collar business world existing side-by-side with a genial Old West full of genial cowboy stars who take time out from their usual cowboy & robbers business to help a senior star , Jack Holt , get his Christmas trees to market . The more you know and love these old westerns and westerners , the more smiles you 'll get . This is also an excellent Christmas movie to play alongside the usual visits to Beford Falls and 34th Street.The GoodTimes DVD edition is unforgivable . The back cover tells us this movie was `` mastered with the best available source material . '' That 's true only if the source material went no further than `` Happy Trails Theatre , '' a syndicated series hosted by Roy Rogers , Dale Evans , and various guest stars . There is some charm to the introduction , which provides an all-to-brief appearance by Penny Edwards , Roy 's leading lady in `` Robin Hood . '' Sadly , the charm is wiped out by the movie 's presentation
 I honestly wanted to like this movie . I truly did . But I found it terribly dull . A military movie should have some action . Instead , the movie tended to drag and I was barely able to pay attention half the time because I started to lose interest . The actors are great , but something was definitely missing . It 's unfortunate .
 Ulli Lommel 's -LRB- who is this anyway -RRB- Black Dahlia is the most worthless piece of nothing that I have ever subjected myself to . I 'm embarassed to admit that I actually watched this poorly produced , poorly scripted , poorly acted , poorly directed piece of poo . Steer Clear of this trash .
 This movie was the WORST movie I have ever seen in my entire life . I would n't even give it one star . A complete waste of my time and money . Shop well , do n't see this movie . Horrible , horrible movie !!!!
 If I could leave zero stars , I would . I picked this up thinking it was de Palmas Dahlia - what a complete waste of time ... I forwarded through most of it . . not sure why ... I guess I was hoping I had n't wasted my money . Please do n't encourage this guy to make any more movies ... seriously , it was awful .
 I ordered this DVD mistakenly , confusing it with Brian De Palma 's `` The Black Dahlia '' which was also released in 2006 . I suffered through about 30 minutes of this near unwatchable film in the hopes it was a slow starter . It would be no exaggeration to say that in comparison to this picture a movie like `` Ishtar '' looks like a cinematic masterpiece .
 I was also unaware there were two versions of this movie made . I should have known to stop watching after the first ten minutes of the movie , but i sat through the whole thing thinking it might get better . IT DOESN `` T ! Do n't getme wrong I am a huge b-movie fan and i love budget horror movies , but this was as close to unwatchable as i have ever seen . I could n't tell but it almost seemed like they were deliberatley attempting to make a bad movie ... which is always a bad move . it was as if the directer -LRB- Ulli -RRB- had no movie making experience what so ever and the actors had never taken a acting class in their lives . A freshmen in film school could have made a better film . This film is BAD and not the good kind of bad ... just straight bad . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME ! Zero Stars !!!
 I also was unaware of the fact that there were 2 `` versions '' of the movie . I have to ditto other reviews . Horrified , my husband and I fast forwarded assuming this was some sort of dream sequence gone bad and the investigation would start up soon . Wrong . Just avoid this movie it is really awful .
 I accidentally ordered this movie , thinking it was the other 2006 Black Dahlia film , with Hilary Swank , and when this came on , I had absolutely no idea what to think . I actually watched this entire log of dookie , it was like a bad train wreck . I kept wanting to look away , but could n't veer away from my state of disbelief and curiosity . This movie is actually worse than dragon wars . It 's gory , but not in a scary way , they cut up a lot of girls , but it 's very obviously all rubber body parts , and it 's effing hilarious . It 's like some really bad combination of a snuff film , outtakes from a reality show , and Insomniac , all shot in infomercial quality film . Seriously , worst movie ever ! I do n't advocate drug use , but this movie makes it seem ok . It had everything
 Sadly , I also confused this movie with the one released in 2006 . The `` acting '' , `` directing '' , and `` filming '' of this movie are so disgustingly terrible . I paid $ 10 for this movie , and I should have known that the quality was going to be poor . Do not waste your money!I only gave it a 1 because it made me rate it , otherwise it would be a -100 .
 I bought this movie on sale thinking it was the good one -LRB- THE Black Dahlia -RRB- , which I have not seen yet . I knew in the first several minutes that it was going to be bad . By the time it got to the second murder scene , which was identical to the first , I started the fast forward and just inserted my own dialogue , which was mostly `` blah blah blah . '' You would have to pay me at least $ 20/hour to watch it again . Not since Plan 9 From Outer Space have I seen plot and acting flounder so badly . Plan Nine , though , is genuinely funny . This tripe is not .
 I would n't wish any Ulli Lommel movie on my worse enemy . This movie was terrible . Is this guy mental or does he really think that he makes quality movies ?
 Hands down the worst movie i 've ever seen . My buddy makes better ones for his freshman film class . The only reason this is making money is because people mistake it for the blockbuster that was recently released under the same title . We fast fowarded after the first 5 minutes to see if it got better , but to no avail . I see better acting in the children 's theater and better effects at the free haunted house that my neighbors throw each year . Thank GOD for dollar rentals in the wonderful city of LA. -LRB- i only wasted 1 dollar and about 6 minutes of my life -RRB-
 Not worth the time it takes to read this review ! A super-stinker , completely unwatchable !
 `` Barbary Coast '' is a 1935 film from Howard Hawks starring Miriam Hopkins , Edward G Robinson , and Joel McRea with Walter Brennan , Brian Donlevy , Harry Carey and Donald Meek.Even before `` Little Caesar '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , Edward G. Robinson made quite a name for himself in early gangster films like `` The Hole in the Wall '' -LRB- 1929 -RRB- , `` Night Ride '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- and `` Outside the Law '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- , and on Broadway in `` The Racket '' . With `` Little Caesar '' he became Warners ' biggest star and Robinson would go on to play in 30 gangster films in a career that included 89 feature films . In `` Barbary Coast '' he adopts his 1920s gangster persona to play a saloon keeper in 1850 San Francisco . Listen carefully and you 'll even hear him say `` yeaah . `` Miriam Hopkins -LRB- 1902-72 -RRB- was a major star in the 30s at Paramount where she did equally well in dramas -LRB- e.g. , `` Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde '' -RRB- and comedies -LRB- `` Trouble in Paradise '' -RRB- , was a major contender for the role of Scarlett O'Hara and a top rival to Bette Davis throughout the 40s . Hopkins was nominated for an Oscar for `` Becky Sharp '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- and for a Golden Globe for `` The Heiress '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- . She plays an Eastern lady reduced to working in Robinson 's saloon.Joel McCrea -LRB- 1905-90 -RRB- had a long career starting in the silent film era , and appeared in more than 50 films , usually as a hero in westerns - `` Wells Fargo '' -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , `` Union Pacific '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , `` The Virginian '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , and `` Four Faces West '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . But McCrea was n't limited to western films , and he gave good performances in films such as `` Foreign Correspondent '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- and `` Sullivan 's Travels '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . McCrea completes the third leg of the love triangle.Walter Brennan -LRB- 1894-1974 -RRB- won 3 Oscars for Best Supporting Actor - `` Come and Get it '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , `` Kentucky '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , and `` The Westerner '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- - and was nominated for his work in `` Sergeant York '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . We know him best for his Emmy nominated role in the TV series `` The Real McCoys '' , and his film comedies -LRB- `` The Over the Hill Gang '' -RRB- or as the grumpy side kick Stumpy in `` Rio Bravo '' , but he was equally capable of playing the villain , as he showed in `` The Westerner '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` My Darling Clementine '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , and again In `` How the West Was Won '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- . In this film he adopts the persona of the poorly dressed , babbling , well intentioned side kick that he was famous for.Brian Donlevy -LRB- 1901-72 -RRB- was nominated for Best Supporting Actor in 1939 's `` Beau Geste '' as the sadistic Sergeant Markoff -LRB- Thomas Mitchell won for `` Stagecoach '' -RRB- . He appeared in almost 100 films between 1923 and 1969 , but his busiest period was the 40s when he did more than 30 films including `` Command Decision '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` The Virginian '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , `` Two Years Before the Mast '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , `` Hangmen Also Die '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- , and `` Billy the Kid '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . He plays Robinson 's assassin , but is surprisingly low key.Donald Meek -LRB- 1878-1946 -RRB- was a short , crumpled , bald man who appeared in more than 100 films between 1923 and 1947 . He was usually a villain . He had memorable roles in `` Captain Blood '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , `` Adventures of Tom Sawyer '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , and `` Young Mr. Lincoln '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- . I remember him best as the whiskey salesman from `` Stagecoach '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- and as Mr. Poppins from `` You Ca n't Take it With You '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- . He plays a newspaperman.Harry Carey Sr. -LRB- 1878-1947 -RRB- was one of the first western stars of the silent film era , and we have him to thank for getting John Ford his first few jobs . Over a 40 year career he appeared in more than 200 films and was nominated once for `` Mr. Smith Goes to Washington '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- . Carey plays a vigilante.The great western director Howard Hawks -LRB- 1896-1977 -RRB- made nearly 50 films . Hawks was nominated 3 times for a DGA award for `` Red River '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` The Big Sky '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- and `` Rio Bravo '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- and Oscar nominated for `` Sergeant York '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . Among his more notable films are `` Gentlemen Prefer Blondes '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , `` The Thing '' -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , `` A Star is Born '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , and `` The Big Sleep '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- . Hawk 's films were full of energy , and we can see that same energy in this film . He usually worked with male stars , so the prominent place of Hopkins in the script is unusual.The film is based on a true story . Robinson 's role is taken from the life of Charles Cora and Harry Carey 's role of the vigilante leader reflects the true atmosphere in San Francisco in 1856 . Despite the considerable talent , the film is lacking . Hopkins never inhabits her role -LRB- a problem she had in Virginia City -RRB- , the production values are poor , Robinson 's mobster persona is more amusing than frightening , McCrea 's nave poet seems more idiotic than inspired , and the script is a little sketchy . Bear in mind that 1935 was a great year for films , with classics like Michael Curtiz ' `` Captain Blood '' with Errol Flynn , James Whale 's `` Bride of Frankenstein '' with Elsa Lancaster , George Cukor 's `` David Copperfield '' with Freddie Bartholomew , `` Les Miserables '' with Frederic March , `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' with Clark Gable and Charles Laughton , and John Ford 's `` The Informer '' with Victor McLaglen.Interestingly enough , `` Barbary Coast '' was the 7th highest grossing film of the year , behind `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' -LRB- # 1 -RRB- , another Miriam Hopkins film `` Becky Sharp '' -LRB- # 2 -RRB- and `` The Informer '' -LRB- # 5 -RRB- . There 's not much to recommend this film . Better films about the west from this period are readily available - Woody van Dyke 's `` San Francisco '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- with Clark Gable and Spencer Tracey , `` Destry Rides Again '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- with Marlene Dietrich and Jimmy Stewart , John Ford 's `` Stagecoach '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , and `` Dodge City '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- with Errol Flynn and Olivia deHavilland .
 I will say the ending of this movie totally caught me off guard , but aside of that , I did not really like this movie liked I hoped I would . I 'm usually a major fan of thrillers . I think the main problem I had with the movie is the suspense never had a chance to build . Just when things would get interesting , the climax for the scene would happen , and it was over too quick .10 strangers find themselves stuck together on a rainy night in a motel after the storm washes out the road . One by one the strangers are being murdered , and the strangers are trying to figure out what is going on , and who is responsible . There are a lot of twists and turns in the film . What I did like about the DVD is it contained three versions of the movie you could choose from . You could select Full screen , wide screen -LRB- my favorite to watch -RRB- or the extended wide screen version . You also get some deleted scenes , but they would not have added anything to the movie except to make the movie a few minuets longer . The acting in this film is good , and this film has an excellent cast . John Cusack , Ray Liotta , Rebecca DeMornay and Jake Busey . My reason for giving this film a 2 score is the movie was not as thrilling as I had hoped it would be . This is the type of movie you will watch once . It 's not the type of movie you will find yourself watching over and over again .
 I find most of the reviews here genuine and I respect others opinions . I do n't agree with that particular reviewer -LRB- about a page back -RRB- who claim others who do not like this movie are n't '' intelligent enough '' to understand it . People have their own minds and opinions . No one has the right to belittle someone because they do n't like a film . I paid attention to all the reviews and found each one helpful -LRB- except the one I mentioned above -RRB- . Intelligence is the least of it . People can hate a film like this and it does not mean they ca n't understand it . You dislike a film because you DO understand it . Identity was a waste of time for me . I love John Cusack but I found the film boring and slow . I could tell what was going to happen the minute I began watching . The plot is very predictable but to each 's own . My review comes from the heart . I respect people who liked the film and who did n't as long as it was an honest and fair review . Give the film a try if you have n't seen it . You may like it . Some do , some did n't . But do n't knock someone else 's intelligence just because they do n't agree with your taste . That 's why the world is different .
 John Cusack and Ray Liotta , amongst others , get lost in a motel in the middle of nowhere . It ` s a rainy , obscure night , and suddently people start getting murdered for no apparent reason . As each character dies , the closer we are to descovering who the murderer is ... This James Mangold ` s thriller -LRB- `` Girl , Interrupted '' , `` Kate and Leopold '' -RRB- has a few nice twists and surprises , but the character development is n`t strong enough to make us care much and the multiple changes on the last part only make it worse . It has a suspenseful atmosphere , competent acting and neat direction , though the final result does n`t step above average . A decent , schizophrenic thriller , but nothing great or terribly exciting . Watchable .
 I 'm a very big fan of movies that are suspensful and have a twist to them . But , this one was extremely disappointing . I wo n't be a jerk and give the ending away , but the movie itself was great up until the ending . I gave it two stars only because of the cast and the fine acting they did . The ending was sooooo dumb that I knocked down the 3 stars that would 've gave it a 5 ! I do n't recommend this movie at all and just want to say `` Rent '' it or wait 'til it comes on cable . DO N'T BUY THIS MOVIE !!
 If you 've seen the Sixth Sense starring Bruce Willis , you know what its like to watch a quality suspense film with a monster of a twist at the end.This movie falls far short of that standard , and I 'm suprised to see so many good reviews . The shizophrenia angle seems chucked into the movie 3/4ths in and not stiched-in throughout the plot.The result , I found , was ridiculous . If you want to watch a quality movie about the human mind playing tricks - I 'd recommend the Sixth Sense or even Fight Club.Those are films that bear repeat viewing . This one 's a rental .
 I do n't blame the actors or the talented director who guided this confusing mess through an endless series of contrived and mindless twists and turns . Nope . The problem clearly is just this
 in Adaptation ? Check it out , it made it to the big screen !
 OK . They tried to make something really different here . But making a wild turn next to the ending of the film , a turn that made clear that all that happened before a lie -LRB- or a kind of dream -RRB- was inexcusable , absurd , and made me feel like an idiot . -LRB- maybe that was the intention of the producers ... -RRB- Technically , the movie is very good , and acting is top notch -LRB- except by the father of the little guy . Watch his expression of `` disbelief '' when he sees a victim that had a baseball bat stuff into his throat ... . But , even feeling a kind og guilty pleasure watching this movie , I can not help but feeling cheated .
 It 's not schizophrenia in this movie , it 's multiple personality disorder , which apparently affected the script . Although John Cusack 's always watchable and the `` trapped strangers '' plot usually rustles up some general creepiness , this movie could have been a lot better even with a flawed premise .
 In reminiscence to Hitchcock 's classic , a film tells of ten strangers staked and murdered at a motel , but presents an emphasis on mental conditions meeting something supernatural.I think combining weird with earthy is not a too clever attempt itself , adding a kind of round table court proceedings surely.What is realistic it is a completely inappropriate court order which reflects movie-makers own civic expertise probably .
 `` Identity '' is definitely no `` Psycho '' - not even close , although it does have the motel and psychopathic killer -LRB- s -RRB- . There is more missing in this film than Alfred Hitchcock 's brilliance . I had great expectations , especially after the movie 's excellent beginning . Creepy opening shots of a criminal mug shot , bizarre childlike drawings , photographs of female murder victims , with voice-overs of a psychiatrist interviewing a very disturbed person , backed by eerie music and a very strange poem , all seemed promising.Then ... on a stormy night in the Nevada desert a group of people , stranded by the flooded highway and surrounding roads , converge on a lonely motel in the middle of nowhere . -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- There 's Ed -LRB- John Cusack -RRB- , an ex-cop turned limo driver from LA , and his has-been actress passenger -LRB- Rebecca DeMornay -RRB- ; a Mom , Pop and kid who have much more than road problems ; a gorgeous hooker ; a recently married couple ; a very sinister motel owner ; and a cop , -LRB- Ray Liotta -RRB- , accompanying a dangerous convict in chains . My initial feeling that the film was doomed was when I noticed that the convict was a cross between Freddy Krueger and Frankenstein . He is ugly , yes , but too funny looking to be really scary . Then I noticed that 3 of the 4 women were all stunning , sexy , wore miniskirts and showed lots of clevage ... more credibility lost . I may sound picky , but if the film is really scary , then one does n't notice these things.Anyway , to cut to the chase , the murders begin , and just like in the film `` And Then There Were None , '' the motel guests are knocked off one by one , in descending order of their room numbers , with their keys placed next to the bodies . It soon becomes clear that every possible suspect is being eliminated . So , who is the murderer ?? This is when a major plot twist kicks in , but even with the new turn of events the film does not become more credible , nor do the characters.The plot is hackneyed , even with the 21st century rewrite and surprise ending - most of this has been done before , many times . The dialogue is inane , peppered with four-letter words , although there are a few quips by the motel owner that are kind of funny . He is asked to guard the convict who has just been recaptured after a very violent escape . He says , `` I do n't know if I feel comfortable with guard duty , per se . '' That 's as good as it gets . The characters are flat - absolutely no depth . Now some may say there 's a reason for this , and there may be . However one still has to sit through an entire film watching cardboard characters running aimlessly around in the pouring rain , mouthing inane dialogue - just to see an unusual ending . This does not make for an entertaining film.The premise is good . But good premises do not always make good movies . This one 's a loser . You may get a few scares during the film 's run time , but you might leave the theater feeling unsatisfied . I sure did.JANA
 Hackned script and bad acting by all but a couple of actors . I found the ending different but unsatisfying . At the beginning , the dialogue was mumbled and low , so I tried to turn on the Closed Captions , and found there was none . Alfred Hitchcock did the Bates Motel much better .
 One of the characters in this horrid film actually has the temerity to compare what is happening to them to Ms. Christie 's classic , Ten Little Indians ! This movie is confusing , unbelievable and trite . Let me see if I can dispense this film , obviously launched to acquire money from the less discerning in our population , in a paragraph or so . The first 100 minutes of the film you can skip . It transpires that all the mayhem , and blood-letting , unconvincing , at the hotel really didnt happen ! It was all imagined by this chap about to be executed for multiple murders.H e convinces those taking him o the xecution area , as well as the legal and psychiatric authorities , that he is no longer a danger since now he oly imagines bad things . Maybe he didnt take his medication that day , but on the way to the prison for the criminally insane he murders everyone in the car , and shortly thereafterwards sends one of his manifest identities , a young boy , to strangle an attractive girl her Florida garden . Apparently , the screenweriter was not satisfied with imaginary characters buried in the synopses of the psychotic killer , but with a Stephen King-like enthusiasm , made it possible for the killer to created these personalities in flesh and blood . I do n't think this is clininically possible , and I have poured over the DSM - I-IV , of the AMA.If there were such an entity , it would certainly be a challenge to treat.Since all that happened at the hotel was imaginary , I do n't feel that I should have to describe that action . I will say this , altough I 'm sure such a nuance point was not in the mind of the director or screenwriter , he lack of plot , craziness , inconsistencies , symbol objects such as a key , the curious amount of rain in Nevada , killings , does point to the imaginary ramblings of psychotic killer.I 'm going back to Hitchcock ; I 've had enough of this . The lst thriller I viewed that was realistic was Sea of Love . If you have not seen this get it , anvailable trough amazon.One final irritation . This movie had many opportunities for laugh-out loud wicecracks and jokes . Try turning this movie down and providing your own dialogue . It will be hilarious !
 Even John Cusack ca n't save this . I expected to see something different . DO NOT BE FOOLED . This has been done before though some people believe it has n't . This was a rip off of many Hitchcock stories as well as some horror films.PEOPLE GETTING BUMPED OFF AT RANDOM
 This movie a joke . It is an insult to any viewer 's intelligence . The shocking secret is so blaringly obvious , it 's beyond stupid . The ending of the movie is a total ripoff . Save your money . The only saving grace is the actors , but then the story is so lame that it totally overshadows their performances . A total letdown .
 Identity is one of those movies that pisses me off . All of the reviews for the film claimed it was good but what I got was a knock off of other films . This plot has been overdone and has been done better by other writers and directors . Half of the cast was boring . The characters were one-sided . This film was dumbed down and nothing smart at all . If you want to see a smart film done better , than watch some of the older films from the 60 's which originated this tired plot . When it comes to Identity the ending can not be ruined because it 's nothing original . I suppose this is interesting if you have n't been around more than two years . If you have , you 've seen this film done better 1,000 times . People who think this plot was original must not read books at all because I can name twelve books alone that have done this and BETTER . And though everyone has their opinion , I ca n't see how this movie is getting 4 and 5 star reviews . Come on folks ! With such a good cast this movie was pitiful . I recommend anything with Cusack but this . This was strictly pathetic . This movie was about as original as a Godzilla remake .
 A -RRB- - This movie is boring . Yawn city . It 's about as suspenseful as watching your toenails grow.B -RRB- - Yes , it 's true that the premise of this movie is original and it 's never been done before ... . BUT the reason it 's never been done before is because IT 'S F *** ING STUPID !!! C -RRB- - The ending is so stupid and the big plot surprise at the end is so stupid your jaw will drop and you will feel like such a SUCKER for believing there was something at the end of this ultra-stupid movie worth watching it for.I heard great things about this movie . I heard it was awesome and suspenseful and there were all these cool plot twists and it was really scary and yadda yadda yadda . All HYPE , I assure you . At the end of this film I felt like such a sucker I had to turn around and check to see if there was a stick protruding from my a ** . There are much better ways to spend your time than watching this turkey ... . like performing eye surgery on yourself with a rusty Swiss Army knife or washing your face in public toilets .
 that this is the movie the stupid brother in Adaptaion was writing?Identity is an absolute waste of everything and it actually sucks more than I have let on ...
 Spoiler follows ... as if anything could spoil something this lame . Do I actually have to award any stars at all ? What a waste of a star . Dang!The previews looked great . I was really looking forward to this stellar , star-studded cast in a * ah-em * `` film '' full of atmosphere . So , this film LOOKS great ; it is wonderfully shot . The acting is very good . That 's the best I can say for it . It 's the story stupid.This * ah-em * `` film '' actually left me feeling angry and cheated when I saw it in the theater and I can only think of one other film I 'd ever seen that left me angry and feeling cheated
 Simply Horrible.If you need an explnation see the movie.If you do n't agree , you deserve this tripe of a film .
 Do NOT buy this film.The ending of this film questions the very reason why you bothered to pay good money and sit through the movie in the first place . It leads you to question your own intelligence and purpose as a human being , for if this movie made 50 million dollars at the box office , everybody on this planet are certainly a bunch of wacknuts.Save your money , and your dignity , let this film sink into obscurity - let it rest in peace , not in your dvd player .
 Bad writing , choppy action , and horrible twists brings `` Identity '' down to levels of other awful psychological thrillers such as `` Abandon '' or even worse , `` American Psycho '' . The film starts off with introducting the uniteresting ensemble characters one bye one such as John Cusack , Amanda Peet , and Ray Liotta who all give the worst performances of their carrer in this film . No real storry , and no real climax in this film it 's just a redundant mix of gore and a suprise ending that doesnt seem to make much sence . The main theme of the film is skitzophrenia which has n't been used well since 1999 's `` Fight Club '' perhaps the best film of the generation . `` Identity '' will be a film without one in film history .
 A tip to filmmakers for future reference
 I * COULD * go on about how this movie annoyed me . I * COULD * complain how increasingly fed up I was with being so far ahead of this movie , that it almost never caught up . I could talk about how Pruitt Taylor Vince looks so much like former MTV host Matt Pinfield , I was nearly doubled over with laughter whenever he was in the picture . And oh , how I * COULD * go on about what has to be THE most convoluted plot outside of Donald Kaufman 's `` The 3 '' from `` Adaptation '' -LRB- Seriously . That 's all I kept thinking about watching it -RRB- . But I WILL ask - where is the `` alternate ending '' advertised on the disc supplementals ? I watched the extended version all the way through , then cut back to the theatrical cut to see the difference about 10 minutes from the end , but they were EXACTLY the same ! I watched all the deleted scenes , but they were just extended scenes from the movie , nothing effecting the outcome . I guess part of me wants to believe that somewhere , somehow there 's another part of the movie that would let me forgive all the things that drove me nuts about wasting my time with this movie . But it 's just not meant to be . Oh yeah , and John Cusack is the only guy actually acting not just performing here -LRB- Or gads-mouthing all her lines at top volume like Clea Duvall -RRB- , but I still say it 's only barely worth a rent if you 're easily surprised or thrilled . PU !
 Sounds like a great thriller , great trailers , etc. . Movie 's going great until almost the end . The whole story is in some crazy guy 's imagination and none of it is real . Waste of money !
 It was a dark and stormy night . Several strangers , that we are slowly -LRB- very slowly -RRB- introduced to through a series of out of disordered flashbacks , are force to stay in a sleazy motel . As with all sleazy motels people start to dismantle `` Fargo '' style . The characters have the audacity to compare their situation to Agatha Christie 's `` Ten Little Indians '' so is the last one standing the culprit ? At least we are not treated to a gushy love story overlay.Not all the gimmicks in the world can disguise this common slasher movie posing as a physiological thriller.And Then There Were None - Starring
 Without giving away too much , this movie is both figuratively and literally a great gigantic migraine headache . Headaches of any kind have never been enjoyable . This one is no exception.If it were n't for John Cusack and Amanda Peet , they would have never been able to produce this movie with the absolutely non-plot storyline . Why does Cusack even agree to star in such a dumb movie ? He has talent , as well as Peet - at least I think so .
 This movie 's ending is a cop-out of the worst degree.All throughout the movie you are trying to figure out how it all was happening . How did everybody get where they are ? What 's the explanation of their birth dates ? -LRB- Spoiler coming -RRB- -LRB- I warned you -RRB- When it 's all in the guy 's head , the it-was-all-a-dream ending is a major cop-out . No wonder we could n't figure it out , joke 's on us ! A movie with a surprise ending at least owes us a puzzle that we could have figured out with clues throughout the movie . It 's a shame when the cop-out ending is that it really did n't happen the way we perceived it -LRB- except The Sixth Sense -RRB- .
 This film had a lot of hype going for it . So when I actually saw the film I was very dissapointed . Now it ` snot as bad as all that , but it 's just another hollwood piece of tripe , thrown together very quickly in order to make an extra buck.John Cusack is excellent in it , which is very surprising since he had to get his tongue twisted around an awful script.Never the less , I did enjoy it for a while , but the end was simply crap . It was one of those annoying endings that could be the ending to any film ever made . Which is very annoying because it just felt like whoever wrote could n't think of an ending so he just pulled this one out.Rubbish ending . Not particurlarly engaging . If you want to see a really good film , that 's set in a motel on the road , then just watch Psycho.Alfred Hitchcocks Psycho that is , not that crap re-make .
 Man , this movie sucked ... It is only good if you stop the movie after the part where they think it is some ghost from the Indian barial ground that is killing them off one by one.If you watch any of the movie after that point -LRB- which is a about an hour into the movie -RRB- you will be very disappointed , IT JUST GETS STUPID.Please take my advice , I scratched the last 45 minutes of the movie off my DVD , I suggest you do the same .
 John Cusack is always great , Rebecca DeMornay 's few minutes onscreen are well done , and Ray Liotta delivers as expected , but I 'm really surprised they all agreed to work on this film . What a disappointment . Anytime you find yourself laughing when yet another character is murdered in some tired old horror movie fashion , it 's time to hit the stop button . Even when you realize that everyone with a room key is going to die , it is n't suspenseful or even an issue because you do n't really like them anyway , and they certainly do n't care much about each other . The `` plot twist '' at the end is a total cop out and fairly predictable . -LRB- Was n't it 20 years ago that Bobby dreamed an entire season of Dallas ? -RRB- Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if I 'd watched the alternative ending -LRB- s -RRB- , but the final version was more than enough for me .
 ... then I 'd know what the heck happened . Did the guy kill himself 10 times , or what ? How did he REALLY kill everyone . DID he kill anyone ? Confusing.A lot or terror with no resolution . Unless no resolution is resolution . Psychobabble is right .
 I had high hopes for this movie since it starred several excellent actors . My husband and I had a difficult time sitting though this silly movie without walking out . As it was , we stayed through the credits hoping to catch the name of the psychiatric consultant so we could send a poison pen letter . Wisely , no psychiatrist allowed his or her name to be associated with that movie.I did not find the end of the movie surprising , because it was similar to some of the `` multiple personality '' themes that were once popular in daytime soap operas . I suspect that modern soap opera audiences are now sufficiently sophisticated to see through that old theme.Many small and large details were laughably and gratuitously wrong.The actors performed well but the stupidity of the plot kept me from enjoying this .
 Man , this is mean . After watching for almost one hour a group of people being slaughtered one by one in a cheap motel during a thunderstorm , we reach the conclusion that the killer can not be one of the four remaining survivor up till this point . And , surprise , it 's really not!Why ? Because nothing that happened in the last hour was real ! Yes , that 's right ! All of that was happening inside the mind of highly mentally sick killer , who had `` multiple characters '' inside himself , some of them good , some of them bad and one very bad , a real serial killer . In order to not be executed , the judge must be convinced that the very bad one does not exist anymore.So , who is the killer is simply not an issue anymore ! That 's righ ! You 'll feel like a suck . . r after watching the turn of events . And , by that , it will be too late to turn off your DVD , so you 'll end up watching it until the end , anyway , while the writers , the actors , the director and the producers will be laughing their ars . . s off .
 In `` Adventures In The Screen Trade '' Bill Goldman tells a story about the moment in `` The Great Waldo Pepper '' where the audience turned on the film , and began to hate it . Once a film loses an audience in a way that makes them hostile , it 's impossible to get them back . And so it was with me , and `` Identity '' . Without giving away spoilers it 's a little hard for me to describe exactly what it is about this movie that I disliked so intensely , but at its heart my problem is with the central contrivance of the script , which becomes apparent about 20 minutes into the film . The film asks the viewer to speculate on what might or might not be real . The problem with this as a plot device is
 The same principle to this story was written by Stephen King in an earlier work of his entitled `` The Secret Window . '' This story just has more `` personalities '' and more victims . The writers should 've come up with something out of their own minds , not out of the mind of one of our great literary achievers such as Stephen King ... a disappointment to say the least .
 The first hour or so of this film is fantastic . The setup is simple . Different people get caught up in a flash storm only to end up in a motel where they start getting bumped off one by one . The story is very interesting , fast , with lots and lots of plot twists along the way but it all falls to pieces in the end with what the filmmakers probably thought was a unique and original twist-type-premise for the whole film . It sadly is not and even the final scene is like something out of Scream VII.Watch `` Brazil '' or `` Jacobs Ladder '' instead to see how they got this kind of a plot twist right .
 ... the premise is silly and the ending sillier in this so-called psychological mystery . Without trying to give too much away , I 'd have felt more better if the Liotta character was actually the mass murderer and he and Amanda Peet were left to fight to the death , so to speak -- this to me , simply became one dark , gloomy and soggy night at the ` Do n't Drop In ' Motor Inn . Even though the creators tried to keep it from being another horror-slash film like Halloween , -LRB- maybe to revitalise that genre for an older demographic -- the original audiences for the 80 's slasher film -RRB- , in my opinion , that 's exactly how it comes off , except the victims are not horny , drunk teenagers . It also has the feel of the director shooting scenes just as the writer -LRB- s -RRB- come up with new pages of dialog . Which was okay in those days when they were doing those corny Sat Morning Matinee serials . The only redeeming value of this movie , to me , is that it has that glamourous De Mornay in it for a split second ... A far more creepier , more intense and nastier show is the 80 's moderate budget movie The Hitcher with Rutger Hauer and C Thomas Howell . Do n't get Punk 'd on this . There ai n't no Kutcher involved and thusly it ai n't much fun .
 This is really a mess . One wonders how such movies get made . James Mangold , who was off to such fine start in his directorial career with the critically acclaimed Heavy -LRB- 1995 -RRB- and the superior psychodrama Girl , Interrupted -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and even the slightly offbeat but intriguing Cop Land -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , really loses it here with this bizarro attempt at something like Psycho and David and Lisa meet Agatha Christie 's `` Ten Little Indians . `` The premise is ridiculous and the resolution just plain silly . Without revealing anything -LRB- the denouement of the obtuse plot being perhaps the only thing that might keep the thumb of most intelligent viewers over the age of , say , fourteen , off the stop button -RRB- let me say that when it 's over you just might feel cheated.John Cusack stars as an ex-cop , now a chauffeur , who can suture wounds . The scene is the Nevada/California desert during a savage downpour that traps ten -LRB- +1 -RRB- people at an isolated motel where bloody mayhem of the most inexplicable sort ensues as one by one the guests turn up dead . The action consists of wet people screaming and staring with horror at such sights as a dead man with a baseball bat shoved three-quarters of the way down his throat , etc. . They insult each other a lot . Prostitutes do n't like cops ; little guys who never got any , hate prostitutes , and the little boy does n't really love his mommy , etc. . As the coincidences pile up -LRB- as the motel proprietor remarked , with the odds against being `` trillions to one '' -RRB- we begin to realize that either something supernatural is going on or ... You guessed it . It 's all a. ... But I ca n't say . We do get a hint of how everything will turn out when Mangold flash-forwards to a group of shrinks and other interested parties who are holding a kind of seance around what seems to be John Cusack 's character.Anyway , even the acting is not that good with the usually very fine Cusack seemingly infected by the deficiencies of the other players , or the stupidities of the script , or the impatient-to-get-it-over-with direction by Mangold . -LRB- I do n't think the actors wanted too many takes in all that water , and it shows . -RRB- At any rate if you want to see a little kid and some mediocre actors overact or a lot of people deadpan the horror their eyes spy while barking at each other or you just like seeing Hollywood players have to make a living while wet , go for it . Otherwise , hit the off button and watch reruns of `` That 70 's Show . ''
 Both the story and the director 's style of telling it grab you from the start . It reminded me of `` Memento '' -LRB- which I greatly admire -RRB- for the first few scenes in the way that it seemed to be progressing backwards , but then it settled into a more conventional narrative . The lead characters are drawn well enough that I was invested in their stories ; I was especially sympathetic to John Cusack 's character . It 's classic murder mystery fair with a twist . Ten strangers find themselves stranded by a storm in a creepy motel . One of them is a cop who 's transporting a psychopathic killer . Another is a man desperate to get his seriously injured wife to a hospital , but the roads are flooded and the phones are down . When one by one they start turning up dead , it 's a game of wits between the viewer and the screenwriter to figure out who 's doing it . Obviously , all is not as it seems . But when the true nature of the characters was revealed , I felt cheated , bamboozled , duped and angry . I wanted to fire off a nasty letter to the director and the writer ; instead , I 'm writing this review . The much ballyhooed double twist at the end is not of `` The Sixth Sense '' variety ; the kind of jaw dropping revelation that makes you go , `` whooooa '' . No , this ending pulled the rug out from under all of the caring and compassion I had invested in the characters . When the end credits rolled , I hit the stop button in disgust . Without revealing the ending , I ca n't go into justifying my reaction and I know lots of people disagree from all of the positive reviews I 've read . I guess this is one of those love it or hate it kind of films that you should definitely rent before you buy to see which category you fall into .
 Director
 This has to be the worst DVD i have ever bought.Not only is this extremely tame and not in the least bit offensive , its not even the remotest bit funny to compensate.Beetle uncensored doesnt even come close to REAL ` shock documentries ' like Steve-O , CKY and Jackass.The very few pranks that u see are repeated over and over again and are neither crude , shocking or funny ... at least 1 out of 3 would be OK , but not in this case ... Basically put , if u enjoy flushing your hard earned dollars down the toilet , then this is a must see .
 My `` review '' is solely for the DVD itself and not the movie it contains . I ordered this double feature a long time ago and threw it on the shelf to watch when I was bored . Well yesterday I found myself with a few hours to kill so I thought I would take a look . Well , much to my frustration , my player could not read the disc . I thought it might need to be cleaned or something , but I tried a half dozen other movies and none of them had any issues . So it looks like the DVD has some kind of an issue that wo n't allow it to be recognized and played . I noticed a couple of other people had the same issue . So bottom line is this ... While I can not speak on the movie itself ... I would not buy this version of the movie because it seems to be hit or miss on whether or not it will play . Just wanted to send out a little warning to prospective buyers . Have a good one !!!
 DVD does not work could only watch Village of the damned , also could never get the menu to work . The DVD was not much but I expected it to work . Do not buy .
 this 1960 version of village of the damned is not worth seing its so low budget and not even scary like the remake all the victims in this movie u never can see because their is nothing to show dont get this movie
 Village of the Damned is n't so bad . George Sanders is always worth seeing . But the film is an obvious cheapy -LRB- made for under $ 300,000 -RRB- , and you have to be about eight to get excited about the strange eyes of the strange children who come , apparently , from another planet . In the end , the hero blows up the monsters -LRB- and himself -RRB- ; the classic cheapie horror show ending.Children of the Damned is much worse . Again , an obvious cheapie , this sequel ca n't figure out what the strange children are supposed to be doing on the planet . The couple of sentences uttered by the head freakie kid make no sense at all . So , in the end , the children with the strange eyes are all destroyed . Again . What a waste of film .
 After watching this film , I wondered `` what was the most obnoxious part of this movie '' ? Was it at the drug dealer 's house ? Was it the gay guys ' dinner with their mothers ? Or maybe it was the overly long and inflated `` whirlwind '' tour of Europe through the eyes of , perhaps , the most despicable person in this film?All of these characters are deplorable and shallow . One reviewer said they felt sorry for the girl who was sending the purple letters ! Why ? She does herself in for a guy that she does n't even know and has made no attempt to talk to !! Following their lives leaves the viewer feeling empty . They are all emotionally and ethically bankrupt . Why should we care about these characters ? What is the point here ?! It is truly sad that Brett Easton Ellis has gotten rich writing pathetic drivel such as this . He has truly hoodwinked a lot of people who are easily shocked . Richard Avary and Ellis is a good combo though -- because both are masters at creating exploitative , sensationalist garbage with no heart .2 stars for the acting only .
 `` The Rules of Attraction '' is based on Bret Easton Ellis book of the same title , and the fact tells you all ; like the previously filmed `` Less Than Zero '' and `` American Psyco '' the characters spending time aimlessly in university are not your oridinary clean-cut all-American boys and girls . But let me hurriedly say that that is not a problem at all here -LRB- in fact , not everything about them is repulsive as some critics suggest -RRB- . The real problem can be found in the name of the director , Roger Avary , who once was working at a local video shop with a film buff called Quention Tarantino . Unlike his ex-pal , however , Avary 's filmic technique are only a showy performance -- split-screen , fast cutting , backward-running shots -- everything is at first mildly funny to see , and then he overuses them . And we realize that the characters are not well-rounded or interesting in any way -LRB- I mean , how many people really care if college students drink so much as the film shows ? We are long past the stage when we are easily shocked by them , living in the time of the internet , you know . -RRB- The story is actually a string of loosely connected episodes around drug-dealing -LRB- and brother to another Bateman in `` American Psycho '' -RRB- Sean Bateman -LRB- James Vab Der Beek -RRB- and Lauren Hynde -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- . It starts with a party scene where every students got drunk and stoned , and among them we see these two not-quite-happy . And you are introduced to other characters played by Ian Someholder , Kate Bosworth , and Kip Pardue -LRB- though the last two 's screen time is fairly short , Plus you get cameos of Faye Dunnaway and Eric Stoltz.Sean wants to sleep with Lauren , who is in love with another guy . Sean then sleeps with different girls while Paul Denton -LRB- Ian Someholder -RRB- is attracted to him . Every character wants something which they can not have , and the only thing they can do is `` deal with it . `` These characters are all shallow and self-centered , but remember , Tarantino has shown many killers in his films and can make them quite engaging and lively presence . No chance here . Roger Avary insists on his own `` realism '' so that Dowson 's Creek Van Der Beek must show us how he spends his time in bathroom . All is done as if saying , `` How about that ? '' Sorry , but we are not impressed , after watching `` Kill Bill '' lately.Possibly except for Ms. Sossamon , the acting is of lower kind that would explain why these actors have not achieved higher or bigger level of works after their once memorable performance in career . They need another agent who has seen Avary 's tedious `` Killing Zoe '' disaster , and can give better advice on their choice of jobs.I do not disagree with the shallow characters -- we may resemble them in some way or other -- but the shallow way of presenting them . But more fundamental questiuon is the film does not answer the question -- why should we watch this film -LRB- which still smells the bubbly 80s -RRB- now in the 21st century ?
 I only review the very best and the very worst movies . This one is so completely worthless I felt compelled to warn others.First off , in the interest of full disclosure , I only bought this because Jessica Biel is hot , so I was n't expecting nor requiring very much of the movie itself . Even measured against these low expectations , this movie was dismally bad . FYI , for any other Jessica Biel fans out there
 This is a movie in the tradition of American Beauty , Doomsday Generation and those other flicks that trys so hard to become art that they end up losing the main point . Its not fun to watch . Imagine watching pathetic students that have no direction , lead their lives in to utter disaster because their fantasy idea of love ones do n't come true . What is the point of making such a depressing and uninspiring movie ? On the plus side the directing was interesting to watch , with the backwards theme like Memento , and it had some interesting visuals/angles as well . This is why I gave the movie two stars instead of one . If you like movies like American Beauty , or Doomsday Generation this might appeal to you , but stay far away if you hated those movies like I do .
 If you looked up bad movie in the dictionary , than you just might stumble upon this one in one of the examples . This movie absoulutely disguted me beyond words . When the characters were n't trying to get laid or doing drugs , the camera was tweaking out , moving back and forth , backwards and forwards . I literally had to sit down afterwards and figure out the plot line , and when it came right down to it , there was none to found . I recommend this movie to anyone who likes to see nasty images , and college kids ruining their lives , which I hope is no one .
 ... there 's a new worst movie ever in town!Last night my roomate asked if he could torture me with this ... erm , `` movie '' . I said well and fine . After all , how bad could it be ? Oh god ... I do n't even think I was 30 seconds into this before I realized that this was gon na be a huge clunker . How right I was ... Now , I 'm no prude . I am in college myself . I 've been known to party . -LRB- Not excessively , but enough so . -RRB- However , these characters represent everything that 's wrong with our damn generation . Shallow , self-absorbed , superficial , substance abusers , petty , whiny ... somebody call the cops , someone robbed the cliche store!The plot ? What plot ? There is no damn plot . Just the same crap peddled mercilessly for two hours . `` OoOoO , Luk At Da KeWl CaMeRa AnGeLs ! DiS mOoGiE bE kRuNk ! I dInK dIs Be BeTta DeN dAt GoOdFeLlUz MoOgIe LOL LOL LOL !!! :-P '' -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- In short , this movie is stupid , boring , cliche , mundane , badly acted , badly directed , badly written , painful to watch , horrendously BAD , and this gets my new title of WORST MOVIE EVER . The only way I could ever recommend this P.O.S. is for Mystery Science Theater 3000-like viewing -LRB- watching and making fun -RRB- . Otherwise , stay FAR , FAR AWAY . AVOID . Throw this s ** t away . BAH !
 Awful , terrible , dusgusting . It takes a LOT to offend me , and I found this movie offensive . I loved seeing Dawson in a gay love scene , though . I felt terribly sorry for Lauren -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- , but hated the rest of the characters . The movie really has no plot - it 's just a bunch of shock-value scenes and special effects throughout . Parents , do n't be fooled by the all-star teenage-crush cast - this is not a movie for the teen set by any means .
 Beautiful people with pockets deeper than they are recklessly indulge their appetites for drugs , alcohol and sex
 There are two types of bad movies . The first is movies that were doomed from Day One . -LRB- Battlefield Earth , Glitter , Swept Away fall into this category -RRB- The second type is much more aggrevating . This is movies that COULD 'VE have been great , but something went horribly wrong . Sadly , `` The Rules Of Attraction '' falls into this category.Director Roger Avary tries several filming techniques that would have been good in moderation , but unfortunately he drags them out to the point of boredom . A perfect example occurs at the very beginning . The first scene takes place at a party and shows events through the eyes of the three main characters , sociopathic Sean Bateman -LRB- James Van Der Beek -RRB- , repressed Lauren -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- , and frustrated bisexual Paul -LRB- Ian Somerhalder -RRB- . After Sean 's events and before Lauren 's events , the film then `` rewinds '' , as everything we just saw is reversed . This would have been cool for about 30 seconds , but instead the film continues to rewind for a few more minutes , to the point where you want to scream `` WE GET IT ! '' at the screen.Another classic example is when a character who has been out of the country for most of the movie returns , and his adventures are displayed in fast-motion while he quickly narrates without taking a breath . Again , this would 've have been interesting for about 90 seconds , but the scene continues to drag on for over 5 minutes.The movie also suffers under the misconception that being `` outrageous '' will automatically make it interesting . Watching the characters do drugs non-stop and talk about sex is n't enough to carry a movie . And if you 're going to have a character commit suicide in a graphic manner , it may be more effective if you actually give her at least one line of dialogue during the movie . It 's hard to feel too much sympathy for a character we do n't even know.There are only two reasons to watch this movie . The first is for the scene in which Paul and his former male lover dine out with their mothers . This scene is so hysterically funny it almost makes the movie worth watching . The second reason is for Jame Van Der Beek , who breaks his usual typecasting and gives an incredibly effective and chilling performance as Sean Bateman . -LRB- American Psycho fans , do n't get too excited , the only mention of Sean 's serial killer brother is when Sean is informed that `` Patrick '' left a message for him -RRB- . Other than these two pluses , watching `` Rules of Attraction '' simply makes us wonder how good this movie could have been had it been put together better . It almost feels like you 've just watched a two-hour movie trailer ...
 Directed & Scripted by Roger Avary from the Bret Easton Ellis novel , RULES OF ATTRACTION is 100 % UNCUT in NZ ! Amazing!The `` story '' revolves around a pack of self-absorbed , doped-up college kids - among them Sean Bateman -LRB- James Van Der Beek in a bad guy role -RRB- cousin of American Psycho Patrick ; Paul the token gay guy ; Peter a country bumpkin who is attending college on financial aid ... and who also needs to pay off a whacked out drug dealer who possesses a vocab as extensive as Mickey Rourke ; & other characters I wo n't bother going into because the movie is so self-absorbed and numbing . Just like the story 's protaganists.THE RULES OF ATTRACTION is basically about a group of college kids & the seemy underside of the American Dream of a privileged education & what lies below the surface . The film is narrated in a dull monotone by Van Der Beek 's character ; which of course manages to capture the tone of Ellis 's book quite well - if you 've read the book & LESS THAN ZERO , you 'll know what I mean.The first 15 minutes are the most annoying ; which is meant to set up the story before the opening creds - including a scene where Van Der Beek is engaging in a violent sex act . Meant to be shocking , but really when you watch it you just think `` Hey , check it out ! Dawson 's doing the rumba ! `` After that the film turns into a long , protracted two and a half hours of drugs , booze , sex , rape , suicide , vomit & numerous other bodily fluids ; a vain attempt by Avary to be provocative & scandalous ; but all the movie does is wallow in its own excess & amounts to nothing more than a self indulgent piece of glitzy trash . This especially applies to the overlong , monotonous montage sequence in the last half hour ; where my next door neighbour makes her motion picture debut as `` the Kiwi girl '' - an entire half second of screen time . -LRB- Chances are she 'll jump the fence and beat me up if she reads this !! -RRB- Overall , RULES OF ATTRACTION is a movie in which its ambition far outweighs its achievements -LRB- What 's with the reverse play sequence in the movie ? Is it just Avary saying `` Look at me ! I can do camera tricks ! '' ? -RRB- . One of the characters also makes a reference to Quentin Tarantino . Subtle . Is Avary annoyed because BOOGIE BOY & MR. STITCH were far from being great movies ? Is RULES OF ATTRACTION a vain attempt to be taken seriously by Hollywood for another 15 minutes ? If so he 's failed in that respect.The cast also includes Kate Bosworth , Swoosie Kurtz & Faye Dunaway . Ron Jeremy has a cameo as a pianist . Why did they bother ? And why should you ? Read the book instead , its equally pretentious but will give you less of a headache .
 Based on Bret Easton Ellis 's novel of the same name , Roger Avary 's first film in five years is a rather tedious tour through the social malaise of some rich , young and miserably hip kids at a swanky New England liberal arts college where the good-looking come to breed . The story , what little there is of it , involves an abortive love triangle between Sean Bateman -LRB- James Van Der Beek -RRB- , brother of the infamous Patrick from `` American Psycho '' , Lauren Hynde -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- and her bisexual ex , Paul Denton -LRB- Ian Somerhalder -RRB- . Paul loves Sean , Sean loves Lauren , and Lauren does n't want either of them . She 's saving herself for Victor -LRB- Kip Pardue -RRB-
 Banal , I know there must be people who will think that watching people masturbate , shoot coke up their nose , commit suicide and use the toilet on camera is worty of 5 stars . If you do then this is for you.The chatacters try to be so damn tough and real that they end up being unbelievable . Rent it if you must , but procede with caution .
 I can not speak to whether this movie is faithful to the Bret Easton Ellis ' book . Having seen the movie I have no particular desire to read the book . It 's hard to fathom how anyone sees much truth in this movie with its ridiculously inept drug sellers and unbelieveably oversexed college kids . The camera tricks and narrative tricks are mildly interesting , but are only minor modifications of things you have seen before.One thing I found peculiarly unpleasant about the movie was its unmitigated misogyny and the deep contempt with which it treated female characters . Lauren , the `` virgin , '' is forced to give oral sex to a `` cool '' professor in return for a grade . A boy she is in love with does not even remember who she is . Then , while passed out , she is gang raped and , then vomitted on . All while being videotaped . And afterward she smokes a cigarette and waxes philosophical about the meaningless of it all . Why this does n't result in a lengthy criminal trial and sex scandal at the university is not explained . I guess the screenwriter thinks she deserved it or something . Another girl character gets her face punched . I guess she deserved that too , since she seduced the James Van Der Beek character.Just not much to like here .
 If this movie did n't attempt to be something more than a flick for teen-age boys , I might not have taken several moments to sit back and think about it . However , since the makers of Rules attempted at a contrived philosophy throughout the movie , I feel the need to let anyone curious about this moive know the truth . This movie is painfuly stupid . The characters are weak and petty , the acting is one dimensional , and the script was a patchwork of several good movies , which gave Rules of Attraction a perverse Frankenstein make-up . If you 're into mindless sex and nudity which is attempted to be passed as `` DEEP '' , then rent this . The only emotion this movie will stir in anyone who is n't a teen boy is depression over the fact that you actually sat down and watched this . And god forbid if you actually paid for it !
 This film is at the same time excessive in it 's overwrought grotesquely iconic depictions of ivy league pin-ups and their depraved exploits -LRB- see the unrated directors cut for some extra vapid gratuity -RRB- and heavy-handed prurience as to the moral status of the collective cesspool of the sub-human bores it depicts.The film is trite , plotless , pointless -LRB- the fabuluously wealthy are despicable and have lost every iota of their ` humananity ' is about what it amounts to -RRB- , so desperately in search of a narrative that it resorts to testing our patience with a patent overabundance of MTV style fast editing , fisheye-lenses , whirling -LRB- read : nauseating -RRB- camera moves in order to mask the fact that the filmmakers are as empty in their scurrilous pretensions as the subjects who 's exploits , trajectories and environs they so , um , lovingly detail.This is the aneamic , jaundiced , rickety third cousin to the film and book versions of Easton Ellis ' superior ` American Psycho ' , which was itself not overflowing with ideas . The inferior source material can only be relegated to that dreaded authorial scrapheap headed
 The Rules of Attraction is a poor movie of a story told poorly . In my eyes , this movie has no value whatsoever.The `` backwards '' sequences are neither creative nor fun to watch . -LRB- Twin Peaks did something like that years ago ... and did it better -RRB- The story is so thin , it 's almost nonexistant . What little plot there is does n't make this movie worth seeing.Movies can be good or even great for many reasons . Cinemotography can be breathtaking , stories can be awesome , acting can be brilliant ... Rules of Attraction has none of these attributes . Movies can survive poor stories and other problems if the viewer is left feeling uplifted or educated or emotionally connected to a character ... this movie does none of this.Finally , when I 'm at a loss to explain the existance of a movie , I ask myself two questions ... 1 . Am I better off in anyway for seeing this movie ? 2 . Are the characters in the movie better off for living through the story that was told ... did they learn anything ? The answer to both questions is NO .
 After watching this film , I wondered `` what was the most obnoxious part of this movie '' ? Was it at the drug dealer 's house ? Was it the gay guys ' dinner with their mothers ? Or maybe it was the overly long and inflated `` whirlwind '' tour of Europe through the eyes of , perhaps , the most despicable person in this film?All of these characters are deplorable and shallow . One reviewer said they felt sorry for the girl who was sending the purple letters ! Why ? She does herself in for a guy that she does n't even know and has made no attempt to talk to !! Following their lives leaves the viewer feeling empty . They are all emotionally and ethically bankrupt . Why should we care about these characters ? What is the point here ?! It is truly sad that Brett Easton Ellis has gotten rich writing pathetic drivel such as this . He has truly hoodwinked a lot of people who are easily shocked . Richard Avary and Ellis is a good combo though -- because both are masters at creating exploitative , sensationalist garbage with no heart .2 stars for the acting only .
 It 's not often that you get to see a film in which everyone is mis-cast , but Rules of Attraction is one of those moments . Sean and Lauren are the worst choices in this one , with Van Der Beak stretching to distance himself from his squeaky clean past , and Lauren just seeming much more weird and aloof than she was in the novel . And do n't even get me started on that hatchet job haircut . Biel and the girl who played Lauren should have flip-flopped roles as the Lauren in the novel seemed more akin to her . Paul and Victor are just annoying , the portrayal of the drug dealer is way too overboard , and Fred Savage as the junkie playing the clarinet-I mean c'mon ! Scenes added on , like the hotel room dance to George Michael 's `` Faith , '' show director Roger Avery 's overindulgence . And all those super close-ups ... UGGGGGH !!!! Just terrible souless film-making . If I were Bret Easton Ellis I 'd be pissed at this hatchet job of a film based on a far superior novel .
 I have to say that before this movie I never watched Dawson 's Creek . I 'm at an age where the word creek sounds more like a burial than a place of teen angst . So I did n't have an image in my mind of what this movie 's lead would be like . After watching it twice I have come to believe that tv stars do n't for the most part make good movie actors . Sure Sally Fields maybe , but most tv stars take to movies like like George W. Bush to the English language.The problem is usually about the ease and talent that film acting requires . On a small screen those breaks in the strory can cloud limted acting - ask any soap star - but in a 2 hour movie I have to believe you from start to finish or else I am wasting all my time . The people in this movie are pretty in that '' Real World '' way . You would only notice them because someone makes them seen . But their characters are also '' Real World '' like . They no real flaw of character that you believe shows any insight or depth and they are labels from the minute we see their names on the screen ; labels they never rise above . The film is written as though we are to think that the characters all have more than they offer and are passing time try to figure that more out . But in reality one wonders how they got into college in the first place and what is more how their sexual needs are any thing more then just drugged induced feelings of horniness . Between the drugs , the kisses , the drinks and the screwing this films only suggest that their are a great many parents outthere who should reconsider how much allowance to send junior . It is clear that he/she is getting too much . No one can get through college as dysfuntional as these people . Finally I would be thoughtless if I did n't mention two scenes that really bothered me . First Dawson and the `` gay '' kiss at some point - at least in the `` gay '' 's mind . It is the worst kiss I have ever seen . It is wooden , and fake and lacks any true desire . It is meant to shock the viewer and not deepen the characters . That only proves that these are n't real actors but image boys . If they really wanted to break their image they would have really kissed and shown the world that a man to man kiss can be as exciting and defining as any other moment . Too bad they are too homophoic to really see the character and not the kiss . Secondly - one actor Russell Sams -LRB- Dick -RRB- seesm to think that he is in a real movie and makes his character what all the other one are n't - unforgiving . In his scenes we see a real dysfuntional boy who not trying to be a man but a human with wit and childish honesty . His meanness and crude behavior is based on a known future and we can respect his manners because we know he knows that they are just an act .
 This movie is trying very hard to be a Pulp Fiction for a younger crowd , and you can tell . It mostly fails and the resulting film is an almost unwatchable nightmare .
 Directed by Roger Avary '' The Rules of Attraction '' is one of the worst movies of 2002 and there have been a couple.The movie stars James Van Der Beek from '' Dawson 's Creek '' as Sean Bateman , a drug dealing slanking student who basically by his own words is a '' social vampire '' someone who leeches of others , and sinks his fangs to those naive and weak enough around him . The best example is near the beginning where Sean is telling us through a couple of brief flashbacks about the pathetic situations he has been involved in . He then seeks to forgot about his problems like some individuals by consuming himself with alcohol and then finding a cheap girl to sleep with . His prayers get answered when he meets a young blonde who is obviously a little drunk as well . Anyhow fast forward 5 minutes and then we are introduced to a whole slew of pathetic characters . There is the homosexual character of Paul -LRB- Ian Somerhalder -RRB- who basically likes to sleep with any boys around him . I doubt think gays would have liked this character either . I have seen in many films vile heterosexual characters but dare I say it , Paul is the first vile homosexual character Ive seen in film -LRB- another good reason that the movie should n't have been made let alone a novel -RRB- Supposedly this horrible movie was taken from a novel by Bret Easton Ellis and I could only shudder to think how bad the book is if the movie of this calibur is taken from a novel . In fact looking at another site it does n't quite know how to qualify the movie . It has the movie itself listed as a Comedy/Drama/Romance / Thriller ? lolBack to the movie , we see a couple of the stupid situations Mr. Bateman is in . Apparently he has a drug pimp -LRB- some weak little 17 yr old white boy -RRB- who think he is a big shot because he carries a gun . Anyhow , this pimp wants money from Sean -LRB- apparently they have some sort of partnership going where this guy gets his own cut of the drug money -RRB- . Sean ca n't pay the money but he comes with a way to get it by swindling a couple of rich preppies who want to get high ... lolThen there comes this sick twist in the film , Paul sexually loves Sean and Sean is interested in this girl Lauren Hynde -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- supposedly because she is pure and sweet -LRB- which is not what I heard in the novel -RRB- . Anyhow , Sean Bateman well to put in a blunt is real nilist , he likes to turn everything into crap plain and simple . The movie itself takes one direction -LRB- to sicken us with one hideous character after the next and shows their selfish stupid actions -RRB- and pretty does until the very end . Speaking of which , the ending itself is written on the wall halfway , it 's not surprising , it 's a sad ending to a sad vile film . '' The Rules of Attraction '' also has done nothing for the cast either , James Beek has n't done a movie in 2 yrs and none of the other actors except maybe Kate Bosworth who has a short role as Kelly -LRB- friend of Lauren -RRB- has gone anywhere.The only good thing that I think comes from watching such a stupid movie as this , is that it shows that even in 2002 American directors still seek to make incredibly bad movies hoping that audiences will dig them , they wo n't and I did n't dig this movie at all.Another horrible movie with James Van Der Beek which started a couple of years ago with his weak movie '' Varsity Blues '' . I did get the blues watching this movie -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Van Der Beek is just not a good actor at all , all he has is good looks but not much acting depth . So stay away from this movie . Dont fork any money into buying it , but if you still want to see how bad it is rent it .
 You know most times I dont listen when people tell me a movie was horrible b/c I know I have different tastes , but I shoulda listened this time . The actors in the film who usely produce such great films and tv shows , severely dropped the ball here . The storyline was poorly developed and so were the characters which made the end of the movie to me be like `` So what , who cares . '' Honestly if you wan na see a well acted and rebelious story , dont watch this film , its not even worth quenching your curiosity , PLEASE BELIEVE ME WHEN I SAY THIS ! Well lets change that if you are on an acid trip or something the movie might be interesting .
 I was recommended this by numerous means . Friends , Amazon itself , site reviews , so I eventually got the movie for cheap . After finally getting around to watching it , I really wish I had n't . Brett Easton Ellis ' book is turned into this nearly 2-hour festival of bad writing , horrible acting , and non-engaging `` Short Cuts '' - esque plot . It 's the story of multiple college students , and pretty about them and what they do . And of course , since it 's a Hollywood movie , there has to be some insane amount of pointless , non believable things happening . Atop of this pile of unbelievable stuff , the writing is just as bad . Everytime James Van der Beek 's character was going to talk , I cringe , because I know some pointless , bad thing was going to happen.And while I suppose this knocks out Brett Easton Ellis , perhaps not , as I have not read the book , but the characters are so cliche for movies . There 's your basic drug dealer , your horny gay guy , your virgin who 's `` saving it for one guy '' . Ugh.Please , with movies , I like something fresh and original , not the leftovers of garbage that Hollywood throws at me.I highly suggest you pass on this movie , it 's just unenjoyable to many extents , and it just is n't worth the time or money .
 this movie is empty . it made me feel gross . i wonder who this movie was marketed to ... people who think they like good movies but actually do n't ? someone had fun in the editing room making things backwards and freeze-frame which does n't work if there 's no purpose . i hate movies where the narration is too dumb to take and this is one of them . if you like weird , random movies i recommend seeing some of the better ones -LRB- requiem for a dream , being john malkovich , eternal sunshine of the spotless mind or punch drunk love -RRB- . this film does earn one star because jessica biel is cool and we 're getting married this summer .
 I rented this movie based on the previews I &#65533; d seen prior to its release , and was expecting good things from it . And although the casting was very diverse and some of the comedy was humorous , I found this movie to be a huge waste of time . James Van Der Beek is the main character ; as he plays the role of Sean Bateman . The molester-like vulgar thoughts and actions that Bateman reveals are somewhat stimulating , but in the end only sickening . The film could be considered as a romance-based comedy with episodes of drama and action , yet the ending and use of the rewind button can &#65533; t really fall under pretense to any of those genres . Another WB heavyweight appears -LRB- Jessica Biel as Lara -RRB- , but only plays the role of an unintelligent , sex-driven roommate . Which is typical of the entire film.I &#65533; d categorize this movie as a troublesome mix between Pulp Fiction and Magnolia ; both of which portrayed many small stories within one . And also similar to those two films , there is a weak and/or stupid ending that will leave you wondering why you watched the film . The movie starts by showing us the ending -LRB- which you &#65533; ll figure out halfway through the film -RRB- and introduces the characters of Sean , Lauren , Paul , Lara , and a few other no-namers . Still , none of the parts really take shape or have any relevance to college life . The movie twists between scenes of suicide , gays , porno-like themes , drugs -LRB- primarily pot and cocaine -RRB- , and backwards storytelling . Among the suicide attempts and successions , you &#65533; ll see anything from a girl resting naked in a bathtub full of blood to Van Der Beek trying to hang himself with a phone cord . Paul Denton -LRB- played by Ian Somerhalder -RRB- is the premiere gay guy , but is supported by a few other gay developments . And Paul &#65533; s feeble obsession with Bateman is very weak . Another part of Van Der Beek &#65533; s story is that he owes money to a drug dealer . Which , as you can imagine , spawns some of the movie &#65533; s more violent imagery . In the midst of the film &#65533; s horridness , I found many things to be either sick or unnecessary . For instance , the 5-minute rant from Victor -- giving us his life story consisting of drugs , sex , foreign countries , and a forgotten girlfriend -LRB- Lauren -RRB- -- is terrible to the point of annoying . Also , James Van Der Beek &#65533; s thoughts during his many &#65533; sex &#65533; scenes were appalling ; as they &#65533; re reminiscent of a porno movie . We won &#65533; t even discuss his gay &#65533; sex &#65533; scene with Ian . His pretty-boy Dawson identity is easily gone . Again I come back to the backwards film editing . It was probably the most unnecessary part of the film ; it was a bit intriguing the first time , but after the second or third it becomes bothersome . The suicide incidents were revolting , although I &#65533; m sure that &#65533; s what the director -LRB- Roger Avary -RRB- wanted them to be.I hope that I haven &#65533; t spoiled the movie for you ; but on the other hand , I hope you don &#65533; t see it . If you were enticed by the movie &#65533; s trailer , you will be more than let down with the film as a whole . Its comedy is definitely lacking , yet it &#65533; s the only thing that made the movie watch-able -LRB- Van Der Beek singing the Counting Crows &#65533; &#65533; Anna Begins &#65533; and dubbing it his own is most excellent -RRB- . And if you are a fan of the WB and all their teen shows , this movie is certainly not for you . It &#65533; s sick , it &#65533; s unethical , it &#65533; s sexist , but most of all it &#65533; s disappointing . Only watch this movie if you are a fan of the drug-induced-new-millennia-college-life cycle ; or a huge fan of James Van Der Beek . Otherwise its nauseating and jarring plot , characters , and themes are not worth your time . If there is anything good about Rules Of Attraction , it &#65533; s either -LRB- as I said -RRB- the bits of comedy ; or the cameo by Fred Savage .
 This is now the worst film I have ever seen . That place was previously held by the 1976 film called `` Lipstick '' . It is full of undeveloped characters and a flimsy boring plot . The Director/Screenwriter makes a pathetic attempt to make this film cool through over the top scenes . He is probably bitter from years of not getting credit from his work with Quentin Tarantino and uses brutality or anything sensational or disgusting to get attention which is a cheap way to do it . Sorry , but Quentin has the ability to pull it off . Mr. Avary does not .
 After watching the Rules of Attraction , I felt like I had just indulged in an oily , foul tasting dessert . Its subject , -LRB- sex , drugs , and rock 'n' roll amongst cynical college youth -RRB- crisp cinematography , gimmicky film techniques , and cast of beautiful people all appealed to me in an immediate superficial sense . But after watching this pointless shock-fest , I felt like a slob ; my mind , unkempt and fat with the nastiness and excess of this movie.Sean Bateman -LRB- James Van Der Beek -RRB- is our tour guide through a rich college campus . There 's a love triangle at work between him , Lauren -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon sporting the worst hair style I 've yet to see in a motion picture -RRB- and Paul -LRB- the terrifically pretty Ian Somerhalder -RRB- . But plot is n't important . And for that matter , neither are the characters , who by the way , are n't palpable human beings but walking adjectives . Sean is BITTER . Lauren is NAIVE . Paul is GAY . The dishonest depictions of sensitive subjects such as homosexuality , rape , suicide , and drug addiction might elicit outrage - if they were n't so totally within context of the dishonest and vacuous sensibility of the movie . In other words , this movie is too inept to even offend.Rules of Attraction is style . Style that serves no content , no purpose , and dazzles your most base and lazy senses . It 's indicative that the best moment in the film is a still , wide-angle shot -LRB- of Paul and his old chum , the charismatic Dick dancing bizarrely to George Michael 's `` Faith '' on a hotel bed -RRB- . What you 'd least expect from a film this frenetic and giddy on excess is tedium
 I went to see The Rules Of Attraction when it was out in theaters a couple months ago , and could n't wait until it finally came out on DVD . Boy was I disappointed ! First off the movie is n't all that great . James Van Der Beek and Shannyn Sossamon were excellent and could n't have captured their characters any better . But as for the rest of the cast ; what was Roger Avary thinking ?! And if you have n't read the book -LRB- which is amazing ... thank you Bret Easton Ellis -RRB- I do n't think the movie flows like it is supposed to . The DVD itself is n't worth the money spent , no matter how little it may be . No deleted scenes , no fun little tidbits that were promised in the DVD , nothing ! The only thing that makes this DVD anywhere near `` alright '' are the many commentary tracks . But come on , could n't they atleast put ALL the cast on one and the crew on another ? My recommendation would be to take some time and read the book . The characters are more alive than anything you will see in the movie . It 's also a very fast read so you can read it again and again ! Once again ; Thank You Bret Easton Ellis , you 're a genius !
 ... Nothing in this movie makes sense . The characters are all unlikable and demented trying to find some sort of happiness , but filling all of the gaps in between with drugs and sex . It 's boring . There is no plot . And I can only think of a few reasons to see this movie . The number one reason would have to be the kissing scene with James Van Der Beek and Ian Somerhalder . Ian 's character yearning for James ' character is about the only true emotion that plays out well in this movie . The second reason would be Russell Sams who has an all too brief cameo . Someone find this guy some work , cause he made me laugh my tail off . The movie is so uneventful and absurd that by the time his character comes into the movie , the audience is begging for anything and he delivers . His scene at the dinner table with Swoozie Kurtz is just priceless . After this scene , the movie goes back to being dull and feeling sorry for itself . Thirdly , the cast all does a great job of portraying people you 'll loath . James and Jessica Biel especially shine as an over sexed druggie who ca n't find happiness and a -LSB- person -RSB- who ca n't be too high or too skinny . Ian Somerhalder who shows potential deserves better and Russell Sams needs to be in something cool NOW . ... Oh and by the way , the camera tricks were cool for the first ten minutes , quite annoying the other 110 minutes . In closing , I have to say , I feel sorry for the people who made this . It 's not deep , it 's not thought provoking , ... . If these souless characters reflect your lives in any way , please seek help now . I feel sorry for all the actors . Hopefully they 'll all do something else one day that 's much better than this . At least James and Ian got a nice kiss out of it . I also feel sorry for the audience . I really wanted to like this ... . This movie just tries way too hard to be something it 's not .
 I was sadly disappointed in this latest attempt to depict the `` meaning of the meaningless of it all . '' This film was chock a block full of lukewarm acting , semi-weak writing with fancy camera tricks to make up for Van Der Beek 's leering -LRB- his attempt at angst ? -RRB- and the lackluster character development . Jessica Biel was almost convincing as the sad little promiscuous girl looking for love and affection through sex , but who cares , since that character is totally overdone ? Shannyn Sossamon , as gorgeous as she is , can not save this trite exercise in banality . There is an uncomfortable scene in which she is vomited on while losing her virginity , but it seemed gratuitous . The best scene is when one of the kids -LRB- ca n't recall the name -RRB- makes an excellent scene in a restaurant .
 I just finished viewed the DVD release . The movie was great but the DVD features ca n't please everyone and I 'm one of them.Okay with this release you must know *** IT 'S RATED R *** I was hoping for the unrated version -LRB- which reportedly was by 22 seconds -RRB- since it created a stir when this movie was being released but hopefully Lion 's Gate release it `` properly '' someday.MENUS ! Menus are great ! The `` main menu '' is taken from the official site , for those you ever logged on to it.This is what is included on the DVD for those who want to know : Special Features : Sundance Channel Present
 I can not begin to express how AWFUL this movie is . The one star I gave it is VERY generous and I would have given this movie negative amounts of stars if I could have . Many of the reviews I have seen on this movie talk about how it is addressing the majority of college students - who supposedly act like the people in this film in mass . That could not be any farther from the truth . It is not inspiring nor insightful and is not like the majority of college people out there either . It is simply playing into the belief that our generation is lost and empty with no idea what is going on in life outside of drugs , alcohol , and sex . Not everyone -LRB- and not even the majority of people -RRB- are this calloused , cold , empty , and totally void of personality as the characters in this movie . All that this movie did to me , was to make me sad that such an empty , void , calloused view of society is being forced on college age students with the -LSB- stuff -RSB- they are being fed w / movies like this . I did n't mind the technical aspects of the movie such as the split screens etc. but I thought that not only was the story horrible but the acting was bad too . James Van der Beek 's intense glares were badly acted and everything in this film focused on the absurd . This movie I can honestly say was the WORST film of ALL time and I have seen some pretty bad movies over the years and to say even this is a huge understatement . `` If you do n't get it do n't knock it . '' I get it and it 's still absolutely the worst movie since the beginning of time . I once said that I usually do n't feel the need to totally knock a movie on here but this is one of those rare times that I do and , in comparison , any other film I have ever said was bad on here is wonderful compared to this absolutely horrible movie .
 This is something I seem to hawk on in any review I give that is negative , but it 's too important to be overlooked . In order for any art form to be `` good '' -LRB- however you want to subjectively define that -RRB- , it needs to * make sense * . Whether it 's a painting , the lyrics of a song , a book , or a movie
 I picked up this movie because it had Ian Somerhalder in it . Mistake . This movie is weird , brash , conceited , and thinks it is far better then it has any hope of being . I did n't know it was based off a book until I got on here , but I sincerely hope the book is better because the movie is terrible . And the ending was retarded . Pass this one up , even if you like Ian .
 Absolutely terrifying cinema . `` The Rules of Attraction '' makes `` Battlefield Earth '' look halfway decent . There was no point to this movie but to show how kids are in college dorms . Dawson 's Creek boy -LRB- James Van Der Geek -RRB- should stick to his ` clean boy ' image . He looked mean and looked intimidating at the camera which I thought was truly frightening -LRB- no -RRB- . This movie is just as bad as `` American Pyscho '' with a sissy la la playing a ` tough guy . ' Shannyn Sossamon played the innocent girl who waited for true love . Please wait for more meaningful projects and more deserving roles will come your way . George Michael 's music is disgusting and shall never be played in a movie or anywhere ever again . Even Fred Savage -LRB- Yes , `` The Wonder Years '' boy -RRB- shows up and injures his foot ! Jessica Biel deserves better , Kate Bosworth deserves better , and Faye Dunaway deserves better . Not funny , not cool , should 've ended within five seconds . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . Buy something with substance , like a Steven Seagal movie .
 Wow . This was a terrible terrible movie . I dont even know where to begin . I guess I 'll start off by saying that I gave this movie one star because it had great camera work . Other than that it really didnt have much going for it . First of all , there was no plot . none . I just kept watching it wondering where the hell the movie was going . Most of the characters were flat and undeveloped . It was extremely lengthy for a movie that went no where . I think the best part of the movie was when the credits started rolling . The only movie worse than this was Bjork 's `` dancer in the dark '' and that is pretty bad my friends .
 Yes , I found myself saying `` What ? '' throughout this entire movie . Perhaps I 'm not as film-savvy as some of you others , but I really thought this movie was ridiculous . There were waaaay too many effects , and basically no plot line other than following -LRB- then backtracking , then following again -RRB- the incredibly nonsensical lives of entirely too many characters . You 've got your drug addicts , your not-quite-straight-but-trying-to-hide-its , your blatantly bisexuals , your `` virgins '' , your tramps , your womanizers ... Basically , your bored rich kids . I think that this was a none too successful attempt for some of the actors to shed their `` goody goody '' images . Imagine watching James Van der Beek masturbating and selling drugs , and Jessica Biel running around in her underwear enjoying sexual escapades with the entire football team . If that 's your thing , go for it . Otherwise , try American Psycho -- at least it has a plot and some pretty good twists .
 Words can not adequately describe what a pile of fertilizer this `` movie '' is . The dopey plot is pointless , the bland actors are forgettable , the idiotic characters are reprehensible -- oh , why waste the space . Avoid this junk ! Pray that Hollywood stops squandering precious celluloid on Brett Easton Ellis ' pretentious typewriting banging !!
 The rules of attraction is the most boring film I have ever seen . I almost walked out of the theatre when i saw this film . God , it is terrible , crummy acting from the whole cast , what the heck is Faye Dunaway doing in this movie ? Did she run out of money or something ? James Van Der Beek and Jessica Biel are the worst actors in the world , yuck ! Everyone is pucking on eachother , sick picture of people who have STD 's , foul sex scenes , and even a disturbing scene of a girl committing suicide in her bathtub by slicing her wrists . What was i thinking seeing this junk , i must have been lacking brain cells that day . Do n't waste you time and money with this bulls#&@! .
 Words can not express the revulsion I feel toward this movie . The acting is tolerable , but there is something very forlorn and misbegotten about the entire affair . Why , for example , must we witness the suicide scene ? What 's the point in showing a college student who draws a bath , gets in the tub , lights some candles and slits her wrists ? -LRB- We later see the dead body in the blood-filled bathtub -RRB- . This is a sad , sad scene , very painful and agonizing to watch , and contributes nothing to the story , except the moribund nature of the film.The suicide is just one example of scene after pointless , depressing scene . It feels like the filmmakers were going after shock value . -LRB- `` Let 's take a character we know nothing about and watch her kill herself . '' -RRB- Also disgusting is the lack of humanity all the characters show . They are all nihilist , masochist people , who seem to find no joy in living . Even hedonism is more fun than this . It 's not just the character 's disturbing attitudes ; I can take a film that has self-hate . Witness the excruciatingly painful montage where a guy goes off to Europe and has joyless , senseless sex with every woman he meets . These characters seem to transcend any logical reason for existing.I question the very reason why this film was made . I understand it was based upon a book by Bret Easton Ellis , who also wrote `` American Psycho , '' and maybe the book is this pointless and miserable . The photography and editing are compelling and done with skill , but they ultimately add up to nothing . The characters are uninteresting . The situations are unremarkable . Not even the backwards story -LRB- told from the end to the beginning -RRB- does anything for the film , and it feels like the director only did it to be hip . It almost worked in `` Memento , '' but it 's entirely out of place here.Yes , I did sit through the entire thing , just to see if it would ever -LRB- finally -RRB- get better . Alas , it never did .
 Movie
 This was a terrible movie . Waste of time and money . period
 just got finished watching this movie on HBO and am still not sure what i just witnessed . this is quite possibly the worst movie i have ever seen . the way the movie jumped around was if the director was trying to re-invent the pulp fiction plot twist , but only ends up confusing viewers . 1hour & 50minutes wasted , better spent on something else . anything but this horrible movie .
 This movie tries too hard to be negative , empty , and depressing . The movie tried to shock its viewers , but it came across as freshman-year college film class `` dark . '' I was very disappointed .
 I only gave this movie one star because there was n't an option for NEGATIVE 5 stars , but since I did give it one star that star goes to the pseudo ` special effects ' -LRB- split screen , going backwards , speeding up -RRB- which is the only plus about the move . The rest of it tanked , big time . The plot was numb , the characters numb , the acting from some seemingly talented young hot stars was numb . Overall , this movie made my brain go numb . The voice overs were nauseating ! Yeah all those things happen to teens in college , but they went a little overboard.It was really bad and I did n't realize it was a Sundance movie , otherwise I would have been a little more prepared.The only treat was looking at the cute gay guy named Paul . Shannon Sossamon was the only stand out ` performance ' if there had to be one.DO NOT BUY OR RENT THIS MOVIE ... !
 Seriously , the best part of this movie is when the credits roll . That 's when Erasure 's `` STOP ! '' kicks in , a raucous song that will have you up and on your toes.I tuned in and out of this movie when it was on HBO , it never really held my attention . Sure there were some cute actors and actresses who were stripping down now and then but the whole movie was just bizarre . I kept watching though because I was bored . Finally this piece of junk ended and my favorite band started singing.Instead of buying this , just go buy any one of Erasure 's great albums instead . More bang for your buck .
 Spend your money for some other DVD . If you 're interested in watching this movie , just rent it .
 Ok , so just like the rest of you I saw that trailer for this movie and thought `` Oh , sexy , fun , Now ! I need to see that ! '' Thank God I missed this movie 's ten seconds in the theater because I saved 5 bucks since I only had to rent this mess . So , what is wrong with the movie . Where to begin . The Direction of the film feels like a cocky NYU film student trying to show off his effects skills . The Acting is bad all around . The Story goes nowhere . None of the characters are relatable or in anyway nice . The Trailer for the movie tries to appeal to the younger audience by showing drugs , sex and James Vanderbeek half naked . If he was naked in the movie I do n't remember , if he kissed a boy it was only in that boys DREAMS , because the gay character in this film is pathetic and stereotypical . He spends the whole film chasing after straight guys who beat him up , yeah there is a message to send to the youth of America ! Skip this one and watch Cruel Intentions .
 Will i ever get this movie ... I watched this one without any judgements on it before hand . Despite my best friend warning me about it . I still was like it cant really be that bad `` can it ? '' . Little did i know that i should actually listen to folks advice once in awhile . There is so much that could be going with this movie . If it werent for the constant rewinding of action every so often or the token gay guy in the movie -LRB- of course -RRB- . That hasnt been done before ... oh yeah . He proceeds to get spat on , thrown out of a room and called a bunch of crap that i would call my worst enemy . Not so bad for some ... but other folks -LRB- me -RRB- dont care for it movie or otherwise.The love thing going on between the lead male and female character is so crazy and confusing that it boggles my mind . how i was able to understand anything at all . James Van Der Beek keeps getting these mysterious cards filled loving , caring lines and all that . he thinks that it is the girl he wants to get Shannon Sossamyn -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . I 'll leave the rest for you to figure out ... dont wan na ruin all the surprise for you . Some people might enjoy this or wonder why i didnt care for it.I tried getting into the movie , i really did . But i just wasnt able to enjoy it at all for more than a few minutes at a time . Keep in mind that you may want to rent this before buying it . At least in my case , i just watched over a friends place . But i do know that it is something that will NEVER , EVER add to my DVD collection . If its bought as a gift ... it will get returned.Thats my whole deal on the movie , like it or not .
 I rented this DVD really expecting to like it . I 've never been a James van der Beek fan , so I was hoping this would be something to turn that around . It was n't . In fact , from interviews I 've read and seen with this guy , his character in this movie was probably a whole lot closer to his actual persona than his Dawson 's Creek character . To me , a good movie does n't necessarily have to possess all of the elements of a good story -LRB- conflict , character development , plot , denouement , etc. -RRB- , but this movie has NONE of these things . Some of the filmmaking `` tricks '' are incredibly well-done -LRB- the split-screen resolving seamlessly into full-frame , for example -RRB- , but some , such as the repetitive `` run the film backwards '' thing and the frenetic `` Victor tours Europe '' monologue -LRB- I was exhausted after that 4-minute part of the movie -RRB- were just not my thing . I can see how this movie would appeal to some people , and I do n't think it 's a BAD movie , by any means . I just did n't find much to like in it . All in all , a watchable , but entirely forgettable movie .
 Read and loved the book , decided to give the movie a shot despite the pop teen cast . Horrible . The movie is a hatchet job . The director tried to modernize a book that was written for a time when fast sex , drugs and unmerited self-righteousness what the norm -LRB- the early 80 's , pre-aids scare -RRB- . The movie is extremely loosely based on the book , and lost much of its essence . Suggestion
 Never have I enjoyed watching a movie I did n't enjoy more . What do I mean by that ? The filmmaking techniques in The Rules of Attraction employed by director Roger Avary , cinematographer Robert Brinkman , editor Sharon Rutter , and the slew of digital effects technicians and all the rest behind the scenes is splendid . This is a movie that people who appreciate the art of shooting and editing a movie can be thrilled by . The sheer visual joy of filmmaking is evident in almost every shot . It 's too bad all this technical prowess and creativity is wasted on a whole bunch of characters that are shallow and unpleasant . It 's the story and the performances that I did n't enjoy.The Rules of Attraction centers around a group of reprehensible students at a small liberal arts college whose lives revolve around getting stoned/drunk and getting laid . Sure , that description can be applied to almost any teen `` coming of age '' comedy or drama . But the problem is that none of the characters in this movie had any redeeming qualities . There was no reason to root for any of them , no reason to care enough to become invested in the directions their lives would take them . On top of that , the script is a collection of disjointed scenes . These disjointed scenes allow for cameos by notable actors like Faye Dunaway , Swoosie Kurtz , Fred Savage , Paul Williams , Theresa Wayman , and not-so-notable Russell Sams , but none of their appearances really serve the story . In fact , you could take their scenes out of the movie , and nothing -- absolutely nothing -- would be lost . So , what was the point ? In fact , the only one on that list whose character is an important plot point , a motivating factor for much of the lead character 's actions , is removed from the story at the two thirds mark , but because of the disjointed nature of the script , the removal does n't have any transformational effect on the lead character as it could or should.As for the stars , from my understanding , Jason Van Der Beek chose this script because he wanted to break away from his Dawson 's Creek image . Well , okay . The lead character Sean Bateman is a much different note than Dawson Leery . The problem is , it 's only one note . Part of the blame must be laid on scriptwrite/director Roger Avary , because there is n't much in the way of development for the character -LRB- or any of the other characters -RRB- in word or direction , but Van Der Beek does n't imbue the character with any depth of his own creation . Much of Van Der Beek 's performance is made up of tilting his head down and looking up with his eyes to communicate menace , lust , puzzlement , being drunk/stoned , annoyance , fear , and an orgasm -LRB- mind you , not all at the same time -RRB- . It 's an extremely limited pallet , and it gets monotonous . The other two leads , Shannyn Sossamon and Ian Somerhalder -LRB- who have equally difficult names to spell -RRB- , fare a little better as the script gives them both a little more to do in terms of range and because they are able to inject small bits of humanity into their performances.Ultimately , I watched the movie until the end and I 'm glad I did . Not because I was transported by the story -- that just annoyed me -- but because I enjoyed the filmmaking technique . I just wish it could have been brought to material I appreciated more.Note
 Simplicity of it ... the first of 45 minutes of it was intriguing , then it just falls apart .
 `` The Rules of Attraction '' already has an address in the cinematic dictionary under `` cult film ''
 `` The Rules of Attraction '' outwardly has a great deal going for it . Just about no one does it better than Bret Easton Ellis when it comes to capturing the vapid , empty existence of his generation - therefore the adaptation of his novel should be just as scathing , right ? In this case , absolutely not . Director Roger Avary has an arsenal of cinematic tricks , violence , and sexual deviance that he lets loose in `` Attraction , '' but all of it does n't really add up to much . Sure , it catalogues some of the things that go hand in hand with the college generation that the movie shows
 I had seen some really good reviews for this film and the previews were intriging . The characters are under developed ; the cinemaphotography was the best thing about the movie . There were some scenes that reflected the title , but overall it was meaning less dribble . I thought it to be one of the 10 worst films of this last year . I thought that it had great potential , but someone missed the boat all together in prepping the book for film . A BIG disappointment . Rent this ; but do not bother with the purchase .
 Wow . What a waste of time . Since there was n't much of a plot , I 'll assume the point of the movie was to glamorize sex , drugs , and suicide . Do n't get me wrong , I can enjoy all those things when they 're done well , but this was just trying too hard to be `` hard '' . Jessica Beil as a coke -LSB- addict -RSB- ? James Van-der-Beek as the psycho thrill-seeking drug dealer ? Oh my , what will their parents think ? This was a big laugh as much as anything . Being unintentionally funny , and having a good soundtrack were the only good points to this . The sad part is knowing that some 16 year old is going to watch this and think it 's cool . I mean the sex and drugs are one thing , but there were two suicide scenes because people could n't `` hook-up '' with their crushes . Even if the shock-value was the thing this was going for , it was just done wrong . If you want that type of film , rent `` Kids '' . It 's alot more realistic .
 This is one of the most odious , offensive , repellent movies I have ever seen . One reviewer urges you to look behind the shallow , hedonistic characters and find truth and beauty . Do n't bother trying ; there is only a void . I watched this movie with other young viewers in ultra-open-minded San Francisco , and the feeling throughout the theater was palpable . It was like enduring root canal surgery .
 This movie only succeeds in an effort to depict the most mundane , cynical and nihilistic view of life . If you want to feel offended , shocked and ultimately bored by all the emptyness and lack of sense from this movie ... go ahead , watch it ... just do n't say you were not warned . Really , there are truly better movies thant this ... even the silly ones .
 There are not enough bad things I can say about this movie . It was a waste of time .
 I give this movie a big , `` YUK ? '' . The previews made it look like a comedy . I did not find one moment of humor in it . This movie starts nowhere , goes nowhere and ends nowhere.The message seems to be `` here are a bunch of shallow college students who devote their lives to drinking and meaningless sex . '' Example
 This is one of the nastiest things I 've sat through for a long time . I kept waiting for some hint of wit or wisdom to emerge but it simply cloaks its vacuousness with some pretentious flashback trickery . Every character in it is repellent and despaired , sex-obsessed and self-absorbed ; the violence and abuse is graphic and it has nothing to say about human nature beyond what we know happens to people who have lost touch with all decent values . I 'm told that it is satirical but it 's too witless to be trenchant or mordant in its observations and as for comedy - I 'm afraid I could not laugh at its glorification of decadence . People who live like this live neither long nor happily but this film attempts more to legitimise and normalise their casual misery than to satirise it . Real `` vomit of despair '' - avoid it .
 it was awefully done and the spice girls stink
 for girls who possibly like junk . for guys who cant get a girlfriend
 Maybe this show appeals to some people , but to me the characters seem like a bunch of annoying , whiny retards . I ca n't stand the voices of the main actors - two of them shriek rather than talk . Rather than provide comedy that everybody can enjoy , Will & Grace revolves around cliches and gay sex jokes . Debra Messing is the only salvation in the show , but she 's not enough to save bad comedy .
 do not buy this movie it sucked really bad made no sense at all
 My Boyfriend Bought me this Movie because I Love Horror Movies and Erotic Movies . . So I Watched it . And Let me Tell you . . It Is Nothing But a Piece of Crap . Dont Waste Your Money On it.First of All it was all In French And Only English Subtitles . . I mean Who Would wan na Sit there and Read what They Are Saying.Your Suppose to relax and Just enjoy watching it . Not having to Read The Words to Try to Figure Out what There Sayin.The StoryLines . . Were Horrible . . I mean . . A Guy trying to FInd Out His Past And These 5 Girl Vampires Come And Suck Peoples Blood . . Then The Stake through There hearts Wow what a Surprise . . And then At the end a Guy And a Girl get in the Coffin Naked as it Washes Away Into the Ocean ??? And the Point of that Movie was ??? Now Theres the Sex Scene . . I mean . . Both People Naked Kissing and rubbing On each Other Standing out at the Beach . . Wow ... Thats it !!! Not even really Sex . . But You get to see a Peek at the Guys . . `` Jewel '' But Thats Really the Only Good thing That Happens In the Whole Film . . For a Girl Anyway Lol . . So Guys and Girls DOnt waste your Hard earned Money On this Movie . . Because its Nothing but Crap .
 The one BAD VERY BAD feture no closed caption for people with hearing problems that depend 100 % on closed caption . This should be cooected ASAP !!
 When you watch it , it 's so unrealistic that you cant help your from laughing .
 I ca n't find anything good to say about this movie . The acting is poor ; the plot seems to have a mind of its own -LRB- like a 2-year-old 's -RRB- ; the fighting scenes are some of the worst I 've ever seen in a movie . They 're so unrealistic , it 's more like watching a cartoon . Dennis Rodman does seem to try , sometimes . Most of the time , he 's just trying , unsucessfully , to be cool . Half of the characters in this thing seem to be there for comic relief . Seriously , half of them . It 's that stupid . Do n't pay money to see this movie . And do n't EVEN consider buying it .
 While the film can be funny sometimes and it does have some decent action scenes . Dennis Rodman was okay in this film . Not great but pretty good . The plot is soo stupid as wacthing a John Cena match . The Cyber Monks & Dane Cook are soo annoying , you wish they were in a Final Destination film so they can get kill off right away . Overall , it 's ok if you are a Dennis Rodman fan . I give this film a 4 out of 10 .
 I watch this movie than gave it away or pawned it . Whatever . It 's a lame movie .
 ORDERED BEFORE JULY 4TH . STILL NOT RECEIVEDEMAILS NEVER ANSWEREDNO CREDIT GIVENI JUST WANT THE 2 DVD 'S I ORDERED
 Simon Sez is , more than anything else , a movie that -LSB- stinks -RSB- . It is , however , also a movie that is n't likely to irritate because of its badness.The plot revolves around a bunch of totally over the top characters , one of them being Dennis Rodman ... I mean , Simon -LRB- played by Rodman -RRB- , an ex-CIA agent now working for Interpol -LRB- although I frankly doubt his are Interpol working methods -RRB- . Simon works in a small town on the french coast and is helped by two monks of death who live under a church and seem to be equipped with very sophisticated electronics . Whether they are real monks or not is never explained but , then again , nothing is really explained in the movie itself.Although Simon seems to be investigating on some kind of story about a kidnapped girl , it is only when a former friend , Nick enters the scene that he really gets involved in the whole thing , which turns to be almost a story of some kind of disc for some kind of secret weapon . I guess I can stop here because , quite frankly , the story is absurd and ridiculously illogical.The characters in this movie are some of the most over-the-top I 've ever seen . Nick , for instance , behaves like an idiot most of the time
 I received my copy of The Mechanic in no time . After ordering on Friday , I got my copy on Tuesday morning , Great ! Only problem is , the copy I have is the most bootlegged piece of media you could get on Amazon . The case is very basic -LRB- it has actor name , and movie title -RRB- . The DVD menu has one option - `` play '' . I can live with these disappointments , but at about the 1 hour mark the movie jumps ahead about 30 mins to the final 10 mins of the film . Its like someone took out a few scenes -LRB- Yacht -RRB- to fit it on a DVD . I am not happy with this purchase .
 thae movie is great but the dvd it self is poorsound keeps fading you have to keep playing with the volume contro ; on you tv
 It was okay . i dont like old movies though . i just wanted to see it because i liked the new version . The action was good .
 We purchased this movie thinking we would enjoy seeing Charles Bronson as we usually do . This movie , however , was a terrible disappointment to both me and my wife . We hated it so much we threw it in the trash .
 Judging from the title , you would expect good old Charlie to roll up his sleeves and get under the hood of a few cars . There is not one car that is worked on in the entire movie !!! Is it too much to ask that I see a silver screen icon up to his elbows in car grease ? I am all for the killing scenes , but how can you have a movie called `` The Mechanic '' and not have the main actor at least work on a few cars in between killings . I understand that the movie was later renamed , but the damage has been done . If anyone has any old footage of Charles Bronson working on cars it would be much appreciated .
 The purported 1.85:1 widescreen side of this is not -- it is merely the 4:3 framed film with the top and bottom sliced off to appear widescreen -- the same thing MGM did with their double-sided DVD release of Coma . Watch the 4:3 side , because you are actually seeing much more of the original film with that version . Why , MGM , the phony widescreen appellation ?
 Be careful ! This item only works on region 1 . I 'm very dissapointed with this purchase because it does n't work in Europe .
 Well , I just saw what everyone was saying should win the Oscar for best picture . I thought it was going that way for the first twenty minutes or so of the film . It sure did keep me wondering and riveted . However , like a lot of movies tackling complex themes and ideas , it had to resort to a trainwreck of an ending ... Suddenly , from suspense to psychological , it takes a turn for the philosophical . It 's not as bad as Vanilla Sky , but you get the feeling they 're in the same new genre -- the I-Can-Do-Anything-With-This-Movie-And-Come-Out-Original genre . I had more questions than answers after the movie ended which that explanation just did n't solve . Too bad , I really wanted to like it ... go watch Insomnia for real psychological suspense and thrills -- no , not the remake from Memento 's director , Christopher Nolan , but the original by Erik Skjoldbjaerg . -LRB- Now , let 's see short term memory deal with that name . -RRB-
 I suppose the only reason I could suggest this film to anyone is if I have a sincere desire to torture someone else , or the person I 'm referring it to is just as confused as this movie is . The movie from beginning to end is exactly that , confusing . The constant `` rewind technique '' the film seems to use is part of the love/hate issue I experienced . I think it 's very trendy technique though . It 's just they use it way to often . You get 5 minutes ahead only to go back 10 . It 's very frustrating for me to watch . The only reason I finished the film was that I wanted to see if all this rewinding/fast forwarding was going to pay off . Somehow it never did .
 Take a 12 minute student film , chop it , recombine it 8 different ways in a moviola , toss in some hip , noirish narration , the riveting gimmick of having the guy with amnesia tattoo essential data on his body so he can never lose it , lots of artsy affectation from the MTV '90s style book , an oblique/patently meaningless story , and voila , you have the cult hit of the new century.Was I wrong to be less than charmed by this notably fashion-conscious , arch film editor 's trick flick ? I will leave that up to you . It could very well be that this will prove to be the Citizen Kane for a whole generation-to-come of film makers , that style will continue being pushed over substance to a point that films that tell stories will simply cease to exist . My more modest guess , however , is that as stinting as Memento is with feeling , this will become the dust collector in most people 's DVD collections , the film that one half of virtually every couple out there despises and refuses to watch a second time . It is an extremely low yield experience in emotional terms . Gimmicks wear out , even the good ones , and leave empty wireframes behind . Think of Memento as Roger Rabbit for the new millenium . The search for the perfect film continues in perpetuum .
 Nice gimmick , but lousy story . The director is in love with the way he 's telling this mediocre story and that sustains the movie for the first thirty minutes , but then tedium sets in . I 'm glad he tried so hard to do something different , and that may make the movie worth seeing -LRB- ok , it 's worth seeing briefly for being unique , but you 'll get bored with it pretty quickly so have another movie handy to put in when this one starts putting you to sleep -RRB- . There is mild fun in trying to piece all the elements together , but once you do there is n't anything interesting going on . People are giving this movie too much credit for telling its story from both the beginning and the end at the same time with an actual ending somewhere in the middle , and are n't giving it enough criticism for being just a simple minded and uninteresting story to begin with .
 Okay , I was so excited about seeing this movie . For the most part , critical reviews were overwhelmingly positive . I am also a huge fan of movies that are a little off the mainstream path . Some of my favorites over the past few years are Being John Malkovich and Magnolia . I was almost certain , from the reviews I had heard , that Memento would join that list . So , I hurriedly bought the DVD without having seen the movie . That was a mistake.The movie plays backwards . For example , if you divided the film into 20 scenes , traditionally scene 1 would play first , followed by scene 2 , etc. . In Memento , Scene 20 plays first , followed by scene 19 , then scene 18 , etc. . This is definitely a unique style , and if it would have worked , I would have been thrilled with the technique . Unfortunately , I do n't think it is successful . Just when a little Momentum begins to build , we are pulled from the story and thrown back in time . The film could not hold my attention.More troubling , though , is that interspersed within the film are scenes that play in the correct chronological order . This just adds to the confusion . By the end of the film , I was frustrated and exhausted by trying to keep up with the plot -LRB- which I can not help but think would have been extremely weak if played in the traditional chronological order -RRB- and was hoping the ending would shed some light on the muddling film . Instead , the ending just left me asking `` What ? '' If Memento were a better film , I would attempt to watch it a second time to figure out some of the puzzles . But as it stands , I do n't feel like watching this film again anytime soon.I would reccommend that before purchasing the DVD you rent the movie first . It could save you from disappointment.NOTE
 I love this movie , its one of the best.I am sick and tired of these greedy people pumping out limited editions of films that have already been given this status.When memento was released on dvd I purchased it right away.My point is wait until you get all the special features you can put on the dvd , THEN sell it.I love special features but ill be damned if im going to buy this thing twice .
 This movie just plain stinks . No , you do n't have to be an intelect to follow the story line . You simply must be from Pluto to understand why the heck someone would go through all this trouble to make a movie this bad . And when that moment comes and you finally get the point and understand how the timeline works and figure out what in the world is going on and you know the plot , you are left with only one single solitary clear thought - who cares . I tried to watch this movie twice , neither time did I make it to the end .
 Worst movie ever . It tries to be different , but it 's nothing . Bad acting , bad plot , really a joke .
 I liked Guy Pirece from `` LA. . Confidential '' , and I was really looking forward to this film . While the concept could have good , it completely breaks down . This is one of the worst movies , in that you keep hoping it will be explained , or get better ... . IT DOES NOT !
 I do n't know where to begin ... I hate the actors , especially the main character . I have never seen a character so stupid until now . He 's also very annoying.Who gives a s ** t that he 's have short term memory loss ??
 Totally unrealistic and stupid . The tattoo concept was so dumb !
 I really thought I would like this movie . Everyone I spoke with , said it was like the movie `` The Machinist '' . It was not ! Only the notes and the guy being lost was something like it . Also , I really ca n't stand Guy Pearce . He is pretentious and arrogant . I could not stand to watch any more of this film . It should have been filmed mostly at night . With some good haunting music for the film score . Just way too bad I paid $ 18.50 for this mind puzzling crap . Tortuous and it really hurt my brain to try to follow this film . This best part about this film was that it was low budget . I did like that . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The concept of this movie is a good one , but it fails to keep you entertained.It is annoying and boring . Not to mention this is not one of Guy Pearce 's best work .
 I do n't have to say much about this movie to let you know do n't waist you time or money . I paid $ 21 for it through Columiba house . I relied upon the good comments of others before I bought it . It was boring , sensless , and a downright waist of time . If you must put yourself through such torture at least go rent it . The only movie that comes close to such idiocy is The Man Who Fell to Earth .
 I did n't like this movie . I lost interest about halfway thru because it was showing each `` chapters '' backwards , starting at the end and finish at the beginning , but I finished it though . No suspense this way because the movie will reveal the answer at the beginning . Good thing I rent it for $ 1.00 .
 I believe that the individuals that gave this movie a high rating only wants us to think that they knew what -LRB- ... -RRB- was going on . No one is THAT intellegent . I think that movie started from the end and continued in reverse was because the writer and directer did n't have an ending for this puzzle . It was just a distration from the typical movie about a wife who really committed suicide and the husband went nuts ...
 This is a great movie , although I am only giving it two stars because this particular DVD had captioning . When I placed the order it did not say there would be captioning the whole entire movie . I got used to it as the movie went on , but it was still very annoying . I checked the settings on the dvd player and it was n't the player . Please note I bought this as a used DVD and it was so cheap I did n't bother complaining or returning it . I guess if I watch it again I 'll have to get used to the captioning again .
 I did n't hate it , but beyond the way the story 's told there 's really very little there . Seeing the movie told from the hero 's point of view is interesting ... for the first few minutes .
 This is probably one of the best movies in my collection but the limited edition version is simply awful . In a nutshell the special features are a mess . It 's almost like being harassed by your DVD.The DVD starts out by asking you a ton of stupid questions which , for those seeing the movie for the first time , would help to give away some of the movies mystery.The original DVD version is much much better . It has the movie and the short story that the movie was based on . THAT IS ALL THAT IS NEEDED but I guess Christopher Nolan wanted to milk the fans for a few more bucks.A nice special feature for this DVD would have been to have the option to play the movie in sequential order . While this would be a horrible way to first watch the film , I 'm sure many fans would n't mind watching it that way .
 I recently bought this Limited Edition DVD set because I love the film and wanted to watch all the extras that comes with the DVD.When I got the DVD , it was beautifully design . But when it comes time to play it . Horror ! Though the DVD was designed to be viewed like a mediacal file , it was a terrible way to navigate through to get to the extra . Disc 1 was pretty easy . One just needs to hit WATCH and the movie will play.Disc 2 was a different story . After hitting an icon that looks like a book , it led me through a series of question . I managed to find the Director 's Shooting Script that correspond to the film in multi-angle . It was pretty cool . But that was it.I am still looking to see how I can get to the Original short story , the Trailers and all the extra freebie . But at every turn , all I get was a series of questions that leads to more question . Undoubtably it was fun for the first minute . But very quickly , the frustration sets in . I think the designer forgot that they are designing a DVD that is meant to be watched . What 's the point of hidding all the features that no one can find . A bummer ... and very disappointing as a DVD.I would give 4.5 stars to the movie but 1 star for the design of the DVD . Save your money and go get the regular edition instead .
 This review is of the Limited Edition DVD , not the movie itself . The movie is quite good , but unless you are fanatically devoted to it , get the `` regular '' edition , not this `` Limited '' edition . First of all , the menus are enough to drive you crazy . I like my menus to be simple and utilitarian ; the menus on these DVDs are like a puzzle that you have to solve . Sure , it 's cute the first couple of times , but after that it just gets annoying - especially the ones on disc 2 , with the special features -LRB- including the `` chronological '' version of the movie - but more on that below -RRB- . I ca n't stress enough how annoying these are . Imagine if the remote control to your entertainment system had 85 identically shaped buttons , with no labels on them . That 's kind of how the menus on these DVDs are . I watch movies to relax ; the Memento Limited Edition DVDs are more like a chore . Trust me , if you 're just a casual fan like me , you will not like it.About the chronological version of the movie - yes , it is indeed on Disc 2 . You can find out how to access it by trudging through the puzzling menus , or just looking it up on the internet like I did . Let me say this
 I 'm not normally one who complains about a movie being released twice on DVD . But this is ridiculous . Here 's the problem : Take a movie like Dogma . When the first DVD came out , it had no special features at all . We knew that a better one was coming . The same goes for Spy Kids . We know that there will be a special edition eventually with special features , an added scene and , hopefully , a director 's commentary . But with this , we got a DVD earlier that had a few things on it . It was n't loaded , but you could n't call it a brown bag edition . And now they 're releasing this . I hate them.ps . the movie deserves five stars
 Excrutiating . Boring . Pointless . These are the adjectives that beat like a slow loungy postmodern wipeout in my brain from 5 minutes into this mess . I know I was supposed to like it because all my male friends with scruffy French-influenced facial hair and all my female friends with rings in their nose said it was the bomb . But my patience with a movie that wo n't meet me half way is nil to begin with . I could hear the director saying , `` Forget 'em if they ca n't take a joke ! It does n't have to make sense , it 's art ! '' all the way through.I do n't care if `` there is no flaw '' as the spammer says . Do n't care if it was a dazzling job of direction and editing . Do n't care if the main actor was convincing in a sweaty desperate way that we 've all come to love since Survivor hit the air . Because of the structure , none of it makes sense for more than 30 seconds at a time . That seems to be the point . Let 's make a movie that does n't hang together . We are way more lost than the narrator , who at least may have had the luxury of asking the director what he meant be all that . It is a pinata of a film
 I have n't seen this DVD , but I have seen the movie twice and I love it . So my review of 1 star relates to the DVD only and here is my gripe
 Film noir with a unique narrative device
 Recipe for success in filmaking in the 00 's . Write a dyslexic 20 minute short story about a tattoed idiot in a motel room . Shuffle pages , go to Kinkos , make 300 copies , shuffle again , call Tarantino . Rake in the dough.I give this film credit for trying to be different , but the only thing it succeeds in doing is being a monotonous bore . The votes for this dog are proof positive of the near complete dumbing down of this country ... either that or just another example of the `` Bandwagon '' Syndrome .
 I just finished watching this movie and I 'm trying to figure out what the other reviewers saw that I missed ! It was a waste of money as far as I 'm concerned ! The movie is totaly backwards , just when I was hoping I would get what was really going on , the credit 's started rolling . I sat in my seat thinking , ok now what was that all about , now I know , a real waste of time and money . Maybe the movie was to deep for me?If you want to see this movie , rent it , do n't buy it like I did and wish you had your money back !
 The flash backs drove my wife and I crazy . All we wanted was to watch a movie and be entertained ; not to test our patience on a friday night at the end of a long working week . One would have to be a movie critic to see the value or get the message from this one . If you are like us , `` we just want to be entertained '' do n't torture yourself watching this movie . Unfortunately we got fed-up and quit watching before we could get any appreciation of its entertainment value .
 `` Stunning '' , `` intelligent '' . . H&aacute; ! This is some of the worst movie ever made . No ' , I 'm not dumb , I understand the plot completely . But what 's the point in shooting this history this way ? By the way , there is no history at all . By the end of the movie , I no longer cared about Guy Pearce 's character search for his `` JOHN G. '' THis movies is a swindle , like `` THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT '' .
 Where am I ? And why am I watching this movie ? What happened in this scene ? And what happened in that scene ? If not being able to follow what happens to the narrator qualifies as unique moviemaking , then it is one of a kind . But that does n't mean its great . I walked out in the middle . And I never looked back .
 As a film buff -LRB- including noir -RRB- , it is rare that I ever get truly annoyed at a file for wasting my time . Memento was a complete time waster . I read these five star reviews here and wondered if it was me ? My girlfriend thought the same , and of 20 people in my neighborhood who are fellow dog walkers , 18 said two thumbs down . And , these are very intelligent people.Telling a story in reverse has been done before . -LRB- See 1977 's And Now My Love . -RRB- But the 5 minutes forward , 10 minutes back every 5 minutes . It was worse than a migraine . I had to watch it in two sittings , I got so tired of TRYING to follow it.Yes , there were moments when I said `` Oh ! `` Yes , the acting was excellent . But this movie probably resembled what pre-editing looks like ! And inexpicable black and white scenes . The DVD really needed a directors commentary to explain what the heck was going on - after you 'd seen it.And the ending ? That was n't an ending . You still had no idea - I waited with baited breath to see if the right guy had been killed . Still no idea . And , frankly , who cares !!! This movie is making headlines because it was not conventional . The final scene in Basic Instinct was subtle - and that movie made headlines without the need to go back to front.One fatal flaw . If you did suffer from this condition , you would forget that suffered from it , period . Was n't it convenient that he only forgot certain things like beer others spit in -LRB- who wrote that rubbish ? -RRB- and not the fact the he forgot things period . Which means he also forget to write notes . Because he would n't remember why he was even writing them !!! Where was the score?Yes , the movie drew you in . It mezmorized you . It made you think for 90 minutes -LRB- or was it 90 minutes . -RRB- And then left you hanging at the end .
 pretentious with a Big P. . . film school project gone amok -- do n't know which is worse ... the acting or the dialogue . this ` lost memory stuff ' has been done to death in hollywood . . enough.wish i had enough memory loss to forget having to sit throughthis mess .
 THis is not about originality . It 's about bad taste . Another bad movie featuring Guy Pearce , after the atrocious RAVENOUS . Simply dislike it .
 A friend recommended `` Memento '' to me , because I am very much into suspense thrillers . However , I approached it with a wary eye , as it was recommended to me by the same friend who suggested I see `` The Usual Suspects . '' `` Memento '' is unmomentous for the same reason `` The Usual Suspects '' was
 This movie bites . I do n't usually write a review with such a base and overly simple description , but this one deserves it . I found nothing what so ever in this movie to like . Some people have hailed it as the intellect 's movie . That is why I originally wanted to see it . But , an intellect 's movie is good because the movie is intelligent , not because you have to be intelligent to understand the movie.The precept of the movie , that a man with a memory disorder becomes a hired killer because he 'll never feel guilty about what he ca n't remember , might have been interesting if it had been taken advantage of . Unfortunately , I think the precept probably never actually made its way onto the screenwriter 's desk.The film makers wanted to do something different by starting at the end and moving the the beginning . Well , I guess they did something that had n't been done before . Perhaps they should have thought a little about why it had n't been done before . The sum effect for me was simply irritating , as I was forced to watch the same footage over and over again , as it eventually lengthened to the beginning -LRB- which was actually at the end -RRB- . Did you get all that?The acting was ok , but who cares in a movie so annoying and stupid . Do n't buy this movie , do n't even bother to watch . If my review still has n't clarified the movie for you , just go to a thesaurus and look up all of the synonyms for pretentious and stupid . Then you will know all about Momento .
 I only watched half of it . I tried , but this is a boring excercise in trying to figure out what 's going on in a story that starts at the end and brings you back to `` what happened '' by taking back to the beginning scene by scene in reverse order . If those scenes had been intereting in themselves maybe I 'd have stuck it out , but for the hour that I sat through , this movie was a big yawner .
 We have been sent a DVD that is for Region 1 ... . therefore we can not play it in Australia . Amazon should be aware of this and make sure that the correct DVDs are sent to the relevant regions .
 The premise is simply not believable . The idea that tattoos and notes on Polaroid pictures could be an adequate information storage and retrieval mechanism for carrying out even the simplest of daily tasks is hardly worth dispelling , but after noting 10 or 20 instances in the first hour of the movie in which the protagonist generated `` new '' memory I stopped watching . Running the plot backward in time adds eccentricity and confusion , but little else to the movie .
 I have tried to watch this movie 2 or 3 times and ca n't get past the forst thirty minutes , makes no sense to me or my wife and friends , I guess I will try to watch it again .
 HEre we go . THings are funny sometimes . Only because a director chose to tell the history BACKWARDS , people say it 's a masterpiece !! Go figure why !! This is a silly movie , witha lot of bad taste , with an evils kin around it . Pearce 's character is obnoxious , as almost most characters he plays . THere 's absolutely no dificult to follow the backwards plot , it 's just annoying . Blergh !
 Are all of you people brain dead , or what ? . . This had to be the dumbest movie I 've seen in quite a while . . My favorite `` laugh out loud '' moment ? . . When Guy Pierce comes into the hotel lobby and a car drives by , blaring it 's horn , which makes Pierce jolt to look at the car , and of course he loses his memory . . Then he turns to the clerk and says . . `` I do n't know if I told you this , but I have a bit of a memory problem '' . . How , exactly , Mr Pierce , can you remember you have a memory problem , when you have said memory problem ? . . LOL . . I 'm sorry , but I do n't have an IQ that hovers around 95 . .
 Watched twice out of incredulity . Intriguing premise badly implemented . Even the disk does not follow the Newtonian cause/effect nexus we know on this planet -- standard DVD commands such as find scenes do not work , which in turn make it impossible to uncover the `` reality '' -LRB- if any . -RRB- Supposedly flashbacks of -LRB- anti ? -RRB- hero who devolved from reputable insurance agent to justified vigilante , with such memory loss that can not function in this space-time despite carrying inch-thick file of documentation and writing , yea bodily tattooing , important considerations as to who/what -LRB- has/is to ? -RRB- occur -LRB- red -RRB- . Like Run Lola Run , but less coherent . Unreliable narrator can not maintain distinctions between multiple realities and his constant shifts of P.O.V between color and b/w are unhelpful ; happenings and identities shift , even between friend and foe constantly and nothing is what it appears . Can not exist in this universe , assuming Occam 's Razor applies in an America filmed in 2000 . Therefore either -LRB- 1 -RRB- space and time fold back on each other at the individual level without warning or -LRB- 2 -RRB- it 's a drug-induced bad trip . Drugs are mentioned throughout and fantasy desiderata such as protagonist killing a gangster to take on his Jaguar and girlfriend and even clothing , not to mention a free $ 200,000 to live on without a job , with no law enforcement or Mob penalties -LRB- scot free -RRB- are much in evidence . WAS the killing , if actually happening , actually justified ? Do n't try this at home .
 I read the earlier review that gave this limited edition a ONE STAR and was a bit `` offended '' . I , too , LOVE this movie . So I ignored the reviewer and purchased the `` limited edition '' thinking it would be better than just the `` normal '' edition.How frustrating is this edition . Perhaps there is some rhyme or reason to the STUPID quiz at the beginning which EVENTUALLY will lead you to the special features , but all it ended up doing for me was PISSING ME OFF !!!!!!! It served no purpose as far as I was concerned.I returned to the store today where I bought it , who 's policy is that OPENED DVD 's may only be returned for the SAME item.I pleaded with the clerk to let me exchange it for the NORMAL DVD version , explaining that the price is the same or less than the LIMITED EDITION and ... `` it 's basically the same movie '' . Fortunately , he agreed . I now own the NORMAL DVD and am much more content with my purchase.Stay away from this limited edition ...
 I positively hated this movie . I do not know how Hollywood puts money behind such awful stuff . I understand the premise , but I hated nonetheless . Utterly incomprehensible with characters you could care less about . If you buy or rent this movie , prepare yourself for a downer .
 There was nothing about memento that I likes . Well the acting by Pearce was very good but the plot was not that good . All I see is a psychotic guy who ca n't remember anything . He writed on himself ... weird
 Interesting concept - I liked the way they backpedaled through the story . All in all , though , it left me cold , confused , and unfulfilled .
 this movie is based on a cool concept andyou would think it would be really good.However , it is the most boring movie i haveever seen .
 Way overrated and not worth the time . Joe Pantoliano is usually good -LRB- even when the film is n't -RRB- only this time it 's not his fault at all -- because there is n't much for him to do.The gimmick -LRB- short term memory loss -RRB- would have worked had the film been no more than thirty minutes -RRB- alas , this thing drags on and on.How often can you sit through the same scene over and over and over and over ... By the time this flick ended I did n't care who did what to whom .
 Deed chu eber watch a moovee and ask chu self , `` What dee heck deed I juss watch ? '' . Chu weel if chu watch Momento . I dun know what dee begeening , I dun know what dee end , I dun eben know what in between . It juss about a crazee hoto who dun know chit . I say it crazee movie , I no like .
 I seem to be one of few in my opinion of this movie which is that it 's not a good movie . I felt the movie was boring and lacking of a good plot . I bought the movie believing it was a really good movie based on what I had heard but was really disapointed once I watched the movie . This movie in my opinion is very overrated .
 I felt very conflicted about this movie . On the plus side : The cinematography was decent . The tension and suspense were palpable . The acting was excellent . the plot twists were mesmerizing . So why only 2 stars?The whole plot of this movie was that the main character suffered an accident that leaves him unable to create new memories after the murder of his wife . So he goes around taking snapshots of everything and tatooing notes on himself so that he can `` remember '' clues he finds while trying to solve and vindicate his wife 's murder . Every time he meets someone new he tells them about his memory problem and that he wo n't remember them the next time . So you never know if he can trust the people around him or not.Sounds good right ? But think about it - it does n't make sense . If he 's unable to make new memories since the accident then how does he remember the fact that he had an accident and that he has this memory disorder ? These would have to have been facts he accquired after the accident . Hmmm . How does he even remember that his wife was murdered in the first place?So this movie , though well shot and well acted , leaves me cold because of a plot hole so huge you could drive a mack-truck through it .
 Everybody I know , who has seen this movie , loved it . I absolutely hated it . I thought it totally sucked . It was difficult to follow , but that 's not why I dislike it so much . I found it to be really stupid . The story line is lame , the characters are under-developed , and it is very unrealistic . I mean , jeeze , does anyone really believe that you can give yourself a tattoo with a syringe and some ink from a bic pen that is perfectly legible and looks professionally done ? Also , when one gets a tattoo , does n't it take longer than a few hours for the skin to heal and return to normal ? WEAK !! None of the characters in this movie are worth caring about at all.Don ' t waste your time or your money on this one .
 The only reason this movie keeps you guessing is through the use of deceptive editing . Had the director used a straight-forward timeline , the `` mystery '' would be immediately evident . . I personally do n't like contrived confusion . If the screenplay is n't clever enough to engage the movie-goer then throw in a few `` cuts , '' jump the time-line around , and `` voila '' instant confusion . Much the same effect as Quentin Tarantino uses . When the movie ended , I felt cheated because the mystery is so profoundly mudane . Give me Hitchcock any day .
 If you 're looking at the limited edition disc of this movie , it 's a safe bet you 're familiar with the movie , plot , acting etc etc. . So I 'll focus on the discs themself . The first disc is fine , the menu I can understand . But when you get to the commentary ... that 's when we start to slide down the surface of things . See ... at the last 15 minutes ... the track is backwards . Like something out of Twin Peaks but not played forward and without subtitles . Too bad we ca n't play it in reverse and hear what Mr. Nolan is saying . For all I know he could be making fun of us for buying this overpriced coaster and listening to his commentary spoken backwards.The second disc is a mess . I was able to find the movie played in chronilogical order , but in the week I had it -LRB- I sold it and bought the normal version -RRB- I could n't even access the trailer . You have to take these tests and if you answer wrong you go to backwards , and there are soooo many questions that it 's hard to keep track of the path you 're on . I was also able to see the foreign posters and a special that was on IFC . Rumor has it that there are more features but I could n't find them . It 's a great idea ... but it 's too dang complicated . I do n't mind the occasional easter egg on a disc but when the whole disc is one ? Forget it . Call me old fashioned but I am happy with my normal not so fancy version of the movie where I can access the trailer , and TV spot and original short story without going through hoops and laddrers . Ugh . I think I know why this is limited edition ... because it will create many ticked off viewers . Like I said though ... the movie is great , just not the Special Edition disc set .
 Although it 's based on an interesting concept -- that of short-term memory loss -- I have difficulty understanding why anyone likes this film . It 's very violent , plus the nature of the story requires the same scenes to be played over and over . Enough already ! We got the point ! The same point could be made in a much more interesting fashion . The production was fine , but overall I found this film to be a real downer .
 Remember the Dana Carvey comedy `` Clean Slate '' ? if not you probably wo n't mind that Momento is the non-comedy version of this Dana Carvey dud . The plot is fine , the acting is fine , the backwards story is n't as good as the backward episode of Seinfeld , but still fun . Basically this movie got some good hype early on , and has been too ARTSY for anyone to disagree . Not a waste of money , but not nearly as fresh or clever or new as it would like to be . A solid movie borrowing heavily from other sources . If one is not familiar with these other works , I am sure Momento is compelling , on the other hand , anyone who watches TV or film regularly will be dissapointed .
 This movie was boring strange and we were unable to follow it . Did not watch it . Would not recommend viewing
 The idea of a movie running backwards is intriguing , and this one is well-edited . The different styles made the film a puzzle to figure out as it runs . The whole premise of having no short-term memory is fascinating . Memento has the dark , edginess of Fight Club . It is a very dark film . So if you like movies for the concept , and do n't care about a happy ending or uplifting message , then you 'll probably like this .
 I watched this movie based on recommendations , and i hated it . It was supposed to be about someone who can not make new memories , but nothing in the film really seemed to be about that . it was more just a repetitive series of flashbacks , each of which disclosed another bit of a dumb story . do n't bother
 Yet another movie that I sat through on board this long airline flight ... Basically , the movie plays backwards , in bits and pieces . The story is a of a man with no ability to form new memories who is nevertheless obsessed with seeking revenge against the killers of his wife . And all the screwups he makes as a result.As the story unwinds and we find out more and more of the stories of the various people flashing through the life of this man , we also find out that EVERYBODY in the movie is a bad guy/gal , except perhaps the murdered wife . And so at the end of the movie , there is simply this empty feeling of disaffection for all of the characters and the movie as a whole.And I have a headache , probably from being into the 10th hour of sleep deprivation on this airplane flight , but also probably from having just solved the tortuous mental puzzle of this movie and then realizing , oh , geez , what a waste of time that was . Well , if you are stuck on an airplane and it comes free with the flight , maybe it is n't quite that bad . Hence two stars instead of one . But I would n't watch this movie again if I had better things to do .
 This movie had the advantage with the good story , but was ruined with the bad directing , or acting , and the lack of excitement . It was just too boring , nothing was going on , the story did n't make any progress . The lack of enthusiam in the acting was also a problem . Could have been good , but too boring .
 Intresting premise that loses its ' luster halfway through the film . What we 're left with is boring acting , and some predictable twists . Decent directing keeps it from one star , but just barely . This is just more overrated junk like The Shining and The Matrix . Avoid if you know what 's good for you .
 Everyones Been Giving This movie all this praise that it sets a groundbreaking level for movies now . The truth is that the director made this movie solely for the fact to say `` Im smarter than all of you , so im going to make a movie that none of you can understand so ill look like the genius `` And Another Thing , the reason this movie won so many awards makes sense because if you think about it , the average movie critic sees over 1000 movies each year . He sees a lot of action , comedy , thrillers , and romantic movies . But the movie critic can eventually get tired of the same old thing , so movie critics are always looking for that 1 different movie each year to give the award toThis movie was terrible dont go see it
 To be blunt , Memento is the cultural equivelant of colorization or hollywood remakes , or even those '70s Disco-Beat recordings of Big Band music KTel used to hawk on late night TV . It seeks , in a word , to make a cold meal appetizing to a new audience and is n't particularly skillful or smart about how it proceeds toward that dubious goal . Here it is people
 The movie was enjoyable , good performance by pierce . You all forget the biggest hole . HOW DOES HE REMEMBER HIS CONDITION !? Good premise is ruined by bad script !
 This movie is enjoyable up till the ending . The ending is horrible , though ! It destroys the character 's believability . There are other movies like this
 The screenwriter came up with a clever idea , but could n't figure out what to do with it . The movie raises questions and builds tension and then ends suddenly without resolving them . The ending was a huge letdown . Lots of writers can dream up challenging puzzles ; only the really good ones know how to resolve them .
 The film attempts to make you feel as confused as the lead character . But misses the mark terribly . The backwards progression of the film becomes EXTREMELY ANNOYING and frankly , this film is totally predictable . One of the worst films I have ever seen .
 When I opened this movie , it had been damaged in two spots . Since it 's a Christmas present , I 'm not very happy with it .
 this movie was extremely bad how can people say its good basically u see guy kill someone at the begginig which really is the ending then it slowly rewinds backwards explaining how he came to be there why he did it and so on . Its so hard to watch because none of the scenes hold out long enough each past event is by the most 5 min and by least a min . then they go to the time before that . He ceriously in this movie forgets everything like a hundred times over so so boring and the ending is boring because its really suppose to be the beggining dont expect this to be an action film cause its not i dont really know what kind of film this is . I only gave it two stars cause guy is in it and he always does a fantastic job . But definitly not a movie to buy if your realy keen on watching it rent it instead because this is not the movie for the average only for those who say a movies great because they are lost and confused in the end me personally i like to see a movie that leaves you feeling like youve learned something from the movie but this does not do that it just leaves you very dissapointed .
 I can not believe how many people loved this film . It is grossly overrated . Discussions around this film center on its `` groundbreaking '' backwards structure . Well , there is a little known film from the early 1980 's called `` Betrayal '' starring Jeremy Irons and Ben Kingsley . It is a film about a love triangle that is told backwards . TV 's Seinfeld did a riff on Betrayal with the Indian Wedding episode . So this film is hardly groundbreaking . As for the story , I found it boring . Yet another revenge story , HO HUM . This film is just yet another variation on the Pulp Fiction influence .
 This movie makes no sense . So what if i did n't understand it , it would still be boring . I ca n't understand why anyone would like this movie .
 I thought it was the biggest wasted of time . If I could sue for my time back , I would .
 This movie is typical of modern `` cinema ''
 anyone who thinks this movie was good or `` artistic '' is kidding themselves .
 One of the worst movies I 've seen , and it looked really cool from the preview . The first 45 min - boring , boring , boring , repetitive , boring . I ca n't believe a movie like this gets higher stars than Tombstone or 300 .
 Memento a Film with a simple story but with the intention of telling it in a such a complicated way as to add frustration to the viewer . The Big Gimmick here is that the Plot is presented in reverse and to add to the Chaos and Turmoil the Scene Repetition and the ability to hear the Character 's Thought 's ... very Confusing and Annoying , and the same thing goes for the DVD ... a Big Confusing Puzzle ! ... no Thanks !
 ... unless you 're into being tortured . I wo n't be redundant as other 's have stated how utterly ridiculous the menu system is and the battery of test you 're forced to take to see the features you paid for . this edition is for the pretentious , `` hip '' psuedo-intellectual . Do n't get me wrong , I love the film itself but this edition is just terrible . I have never reviewed anything here but I felt so strongly about this edition that I had to join the others in warning you in advance .
 Do n't believe the hype . Memento is a stinker of the highest order . I just feel sympathy for the actors.Guy Pearce , with his smoldering Australian good looks and poofed up dyed blonde hair could have been the perfect neo-noir icon - a smart educated rebel appealing to both indie types and mass audiences . But the film provides him with no edge , when that 's clearly what he 's screaming for . Leonard , the memory challenged hero of Memento , is simply too nice . `` See , I have this condition with my memory ... '' he says with a semi-eager-to-please puppy dog look in his eyes . And the script has him say this over and over again , sometimes for laughs . Pearce is n't allowed to act a complex character ; he 's barely even veangeful when his revenge for the death of his wife is what is fueling the movie . The opposite is true for the equally potentially magnetic , Carrie Anne-Moss . She 's way too mean . Any amount of decency was abandoned by her character for no reason other than to play out yet another relentlessly gimmicky scene of backwards story telling.The cinemotography and production values for Memento are also sub-par . The atomsphere for Memento should be dark and smokey with dense , well-lit visuals . Instead , the color scheme is bland and sunny and one scene actually takes place , with no irony , in a Bill Knapps . Bill Knapps ! In fact there are only three locales mainly
 I like the people in this movie and mostly the pretty girl with the dark hairs . I do n't quiet understanding why the man has tatoos , however . Sometimes he rubs them , and sometimes they are in big letters , like , DO N'T ANSWER PHONES !!!! Does he have a tattoo-making friend who owes money to the phone company ? I could n't tell . Also , why does the bald man come so much to the hotel rooms ? Does he work for the phone companies maybe ? Also the girl was pretty but was in dark places many times - does she have the light burning problem ? Maybe she is a witch and explodes in the daytimes !! Can someone please explain ? I like the man in the room but he should try markings other than words ; he is not a piece of paper !! Maybe that 's why he keeps going to same places again !! My questions make two stars for the nice people , but answers give three more tomorrow !!!
 The director went out of his way to make what could have been a decent movie into a confusing disjointed mess .
 This movie was n't very good , and not nearly as good as I thought it would be . Read the above guy 's review and you wa n't have to waste your money on this pseudo-intellectual pig . If you want something to wrap your mind around , get Waking Life by Richard Linklater .
 WARNING ! SPOILERS ! = PI do n't really know why , but I really did n't like this movie at all . A friend said it was so great and so I decided to see it ... but then I actually watched it . In addition to making very little sense to me -LRB- i had to have most of it explained over time -RRB- , I did n't really understand the point of it.Okay , so you have some guy who has a case of perpetual memory loss . And he kills some people because he gets mad ... So ? Am I supposed to like him as a character , or feel bad for him ? The guy gets mad at some guy because he thinks he 's lying and so he ends up killing him according to a little note he writes on himself.I do n't find the characters likable , nor do I find them particularly memorable . The plot is lacking , and the movie 's focus limited to a boring monotony . It 's about betrayal , and stupid ways that people mess each other up ... eh . The only reason I give it more than one star is because it 's an okay idea for a film.I guess it 's also that I was reccommended this movie by someone who said it was so amazingly great , and I was n't particularly impressed with it . Had I seen it without hearing about how great it was , maybe I 'd like it better ... I dunno ... hype always seems to ruin movies . = P
 I watched it this weekend and it was slow . I finished it because I do n't like to see half a movie . But really , it was like watching Ground Hog Day without the Humor .
 unfortunately , i suffer the same condition as guy pearce 's character , so i kept forgetting what the heck was going on . but that 's probably the case for anyone with this movie . the only scene worth watching is when dodd goes to take a leak , not knowing that leonard is in his shower -LRB- leonard probably clueless about where he is or what he is supposed to be doing -RRB- . leonard jumps out stark naked -LRB- surprising dodd , who i believe at that point has no idea who leonard is -RRB- , beats the daylights out of dodd , ties him up , throws him in a closet , and snaps a polaroid . that scene on its own deserves an emmy . the rest is garbage and a total waste of time .
 Okay , maybe not THE worst , but certainly one of the worst movies ever . Overhyped by pseudo-intelligensia who think the schizophrenic style amounts to `` art . ''
 I got this movie because I watched Bollywood version of it called `` Gajini '' . This was done 6 years after memento . Memento was a total dissapointment after watching Gajini , the Bollywood version is brilliant . It 's a waste if time watching Memento .
 Si tuviera una escala negativa le daria -10 , porque es lo mas aburrido y tonto que he visto , con decirles que ni la pude terminar porque realmente es tremendamente terrible . I stunned at so many good reviews . No gasten su tiempo ni dinero .
 Christopher Nolan directs this stunningly akward and rather destructable piece of , need I say - waste , about a man who 's life changing accident leaves him with a memory disorder - in which he can only remember previously before this accident , but the present and everything afterwards just flies right over his head . He is obcessed with trying to find John G , the man responsible for the murder of his wife . Through taking pictures , writing notes to himself , and tatooing his body to remember things , this man 's life gets more confusing as time goes on , because to him - time is nothing , and he ca n't really feel it . THE MATRIX 's Carrie Anne-Moss and Joe Pantoliono star with Guy Pearce in this deranged thriller.To start off , this plot is so confusing and holds so much , it relies on itself being so non-understandable to make the viewer think there actually is a plot going on . The point of the film is basically to surpass as something very original , which it is , but the problem is that its originality makes no sense whatsoever . Sometimes we never know at what point in the film we are because they are constantly flashing back to the past to try to show us an event that took place that -LRB- Guy Pearce -RRB- ca n't remember . Carrie Anne-Moss plays the mistook Natalie , a beaten woman who is trying to help out Leonard -LRB- Pierce -RRB- solve this case . There is so much strange build around each character , including the odd Teddy , another man who seems to stick around and pretend to be Lenny 's friend . The purposterous events that take place over and over - like Leonard waking up in the motel and wondering where he is , looking at himself in the mirror , and questioning who people are - even telling the same people over and over about his condition ; it gets to the point where you are tired of hearing it . You are ten times ahead of the film and where the characters are at that you want to just get over with the film.All of these events lead up to a wonderous conclusion , but the problem is that you ca n't understand it , and you keep thinking about the strangeness of it after it 's over . All of this is topped off with unique acting , disgusting language used constantly - of course because these people can do and say whatever they want to Leonard and he would n't remember it fifteen minutes later anyway.The cruelness of the film , to its nonsense plot , its characters , and audience is enough to plague the whole idea of motion pictures . They are meant to entertain , not to poison the mind with film algebra that has no answer . This technically skilled and wondrous film would work if only it knew when to stop itself , if it could understand the boundaries and tolerances of audiences . The film is highly skilled with an edge to it that the audiences want , but it is overdone with originality that the film does n't make any sense anymore . If only the plot was n't like playing catch , going back and forth , when instead it should be keeping us in an orderly fashion of the film 's movement , we 'd all be able to keep up with it . But as Christopher Nolan has left it , it is a stand-alone which will pit the audience in brain-freeze and they 'd rather go see Pootie Tang instead .
 Only people thinking they are `` erudits '' , ntelligent `` people , who does not like Hollywood old cliches , will say they loved this piece of junk . THis movie is so indulgent , so cruel , sos tasteless , that in the middle of it you simply do n't care about the fate of that mess of a character interpreted by Guy Pearce . I idsliked this movie from beggining to end . No , I had absolutely none difficult to follow the falshbacks all the time , that 's not the point . The point is that the history is awful , bad tasted , ridiculous , a disgrace to motion picture . But director and cast can rest assured they made something `` unique '' in thtehistory of the movies
 Guy Pearce adds another bad tasted movie to his curriculum , summing this up with the utterly ridiculous RAVENOUS . The director had one single purpose here
 All i can say is this movie is boring and very disappointing . Now i know why there was n't a rent option . Terrible .
 The film is great , do n't get me wrong . It is a five-star film . Just do NOT buy this special edition without being warned . The `` special '' part of this is that the director made it almost impossible to actually watch the movie . All of the great extra features on the disc 2 are not available unless you figure out some sort of puzzle and answer random questions the way that the director thinks they should be answered.There are cheat sheets for navigating the menus available on the web , but you really should n't have to do a Google search in order to watch something that you paid for !
 I really hated the movie ... so i ca n't judge it since its all about the taste ... but then again come on what happend to the dvd options ??? really poor features but the movie was bad anyways ... so u would not really expect cool features
 This movie might interest you if you can look past the fact that it is both inherently flawed in plot and boring as hell . Apparently our hero ca n't remember anything , yet he 's clairvoyant when it comes to diagnosing his own constantly recurring amnesia . Just brilliant enough to interest scores of stoned undergraduates .
 Friends recommended this movie to me . Smart friends . Memento is a classic who-done-it murder mystery -LRB- ... -RRB- We are deliberately fed conflicting misinformation at the end of the film -LRB- or should I say the beginning ? -RRB- . It is as if the director -LRB- ... -RRB- structured the plot-line in reverse chronological order , with the hope that his audience would be sufficiently confused that they would either assume there had been logical explanations for everything or , better yet , they would had invent their own explanations . My friends have come up with differing explanations -LRB- ... -RRB- , however these explanations are not necessarily grounded in the `` facts '' presented in the film . -LRB- ... -RRB- The real kicker is that many people are watching the movie over and over , hoping to figure it out . Dustin Hoffman 's character in Rain Man will sooner figure out `` Who 's on first . '' And that 's because Memento , like Abbott and Costello 's famous routine , is not a riddle - it merely thinks that it is .
 ohmigod ... I love this movie , but thank God I did n't buy the Limited Edition version of the DVD . A friend of mine was n't so lucky.I 've seen it up close and I ca n't imagine what they were thinking . You have to play an unending stream of nightmarish games to use the DVD!The disc with the movie is easy enough to figure if you work it out logically . You 'll be shown a quickly edited series of words . Then the DVD will ask you which word was n't shown to you in the sequence . To start the movie , pick the word `` Watch '' out of the menu . Movie will play.But put in the Special Features DVD and it 's just dumb luck if you find ANYTHING . In fact , by the time you see something , you 'll be so annoyed you ca n't enjoy it.I know they were trying to simulate psychological tests or perhaps the experience of having no memory . But they went too far . It 's infuriating , it 's monotonous and it 's not worth -LSB- the money -RSB- for the aggravation . Rent it - Do n't buy it !
 i gave this one plenty of chance but it proved to be a total violent psychotic junk . why do they make such bad movies . waste of money .
 Now you can go on all you want and say `` Oh he 's just a kid , what does he know ? '' . But I 'm telling you I 'm not a kid . I rented this film after seeing something on TV about it and it was n't bad . I found it quite involving how Leonard , a man with short-term memory loss has to write things down on paper and gather as many clues as he can to solve the mystery of who murdered his wife . But It 's a shame that so many people find it acceptable to find a film that has been edited this way so interesting . It demands too much concentration and attention . Unfortunately it requires multiple viewings to understand the story . This has been made unecessarily difficult to understand simply for the sake of gaining bloated recognition . This is more of a puzzle than a proper film .
 I think Memento is a fine , interesting film . But if you just want to see the movie itself , DO NOT BUY THE 2-DISC VERSION . you literally have to participate in these series of psych-type tests in order to get at anything you actually want to see , and there 's NO WAY AROUND the tests . you can never watch without going through them . you 're paying for the tests , not just the film . i 'm not exaggerating . i bought one , tried for maybe ten minutes , and now i 'm putting it back on sale on amazon.tj
 Guy Pearce and Joe Pantoliano star in this strange and difficult movie to follow about a man who is hunting for his wife 's killer . Leonard Shelby -LRB- Pearce -RRB- is obsessed with finding the man who murdered his wife . However , due to the trauma he suffered during the struggle to save his wife , he now suffers from short term memory loss . Due to this condition , he 's only able to remember names , events , and places for a very short time before he completely forgets them . He has resorted to taking polaroids , writing notes , and even tattooing messages on his body.Joe Pantoliano stars as Teddy , a person who befriends Leonard and tries to help him find the killer . But is Teddy all that he seems to be?I found this movie to be very hard to understand . In reality , it was made backwards ; with the ending shown first , and the film then works backwards to the start . It was hard to keep track of the plot , and I really had to `` work '' to watch the movie and keep track of the events . Some parts of the movie were good , but when the conclusion came , I was left with just as many questions as I was at the beginning -LRB- or should I say end ? -RRB- . Thus , I only recommend this movie to people who have a sharp sense of detail , and who can follow events very closely .
 I 'd like to begin by saying this is one movie that should not be missed . The film itself is a milestone in the annals of innovative storytelling.HOWEVER , I recommend anyone interested in purchasing this DVD to avoid the Limited Edition at all costs and settle for the original version instead , unless you enjoy spending hours navigating through the pointless and stupid puzzles you are required to solve before you can access ANY of the features on the discs!I 've heard some refer to this method as `` cute '' and `` amusing , '' but I 'll wager anything most find it nothing but pure aggravation .
 I agreee with John from Houston - his review below - the battery of `` tests '' that Nolan has you complete before seeing anything on this disc is absurd . If you 've got lot 's of time on your hands and you love a puzzle , then the Limited Edition is for you . The packaging is cool and well done , but if you 're like me , you got this edition because you love the movie so much you want more . Well , the `` more '' is so difficult to find , it is n't worth the effort .
 This is one of these worst moives ever made !!! If you like watching the same scene over and over and over and over , each time getting a little longer , then you 'll love this movie . The plot of the story is n't bad once you piece this mess together . The writer and director are under some misguided idea that if we see the same scenes repeatedly not knowing what the hell is going on , we 'll get some idea of what the main character is going through . B.S. !!! This film is unwatchable ! I 'm not against movies that make you think or assemble the plot in a piece at a time . Great movies like Exotica , Crash , and Vanilla Sky are wonderfully crafted storys that stretch your perceptions of reality and make you think at the same time . Memento is garbage plain and simple ! If you have any taste in movies , avoid this one at all costs !
 ok dont get me wrong , this is the most brillian picture i 've ever seen in my lifetime . This is beyond a doubt the most mind twisting , suspense thriller i 've seen in years . The reason i gave it two was for the special edition . When i bought this i was looking forward to the special features . Then come to find out you have to take this stupid test to get to a feature.You are asked a series of questions and it just goes from one question to another basically getting you nowhere and to the point when you wish you would of bought the regular dvd.You think you get a question right and you 'll get a special feature but then bam it takes you to the main menu , very pointless if you ask me . Now i know when things go too far and this is it . I got this the first day it came out and have only gotten to see 1 special feature on it . I know its probly some scheme to go along with the movie , but c'mon man too much time on your hands . I say just go ahead and get the regular version of it due to the fact of the stupid tests that are confusing as hell and its more frustrating than entertaining , great movie , bad choice for special edition
 I had the same reaction to the ending of this film as I did to `` The Usual Suspects '' -- disappointment , the type of disappointment you get when you know you 've been fleeced . Except this film started to fall apart for me much sooner than `` The Usual Suspects '' did -- but , hey , I was younger then & if I was to watch TUS for the first time now , I 'm sure things in that film would fall apart for me earlier on now than they did then -- at least I 'd hope so.This film is too taken with its own cleverness . And , gosh , is it repetitive !! Save yourself the disappointment and wait for the rerun of that Seinfeld episode where they basically run the story in reverse -- the one where they go to India for a wedding and backtrack the story from there ... . That Seinfeld episode , annoying as it was , is much less so than Memento , and at least compensates you with the occasional laugh . Memento does n't . In Sum
 ... there is nothing clever about this . I was really looking forward to this as the complexity and originality of it had been highlighted by many reviews . At the end of viewing it , I thought , this is over-rated . I see no point in showing a movie backwards - they 've done it so we can put the pieces together ourselves - but why would we want to . The story isnt that great anyway . I 've read that many distributors would n't buy this movie and I can see why . A big yawn .
 This movie is n't a `` whodunit '' , it 's a `` whydunit '' . We know how everything turns out , but it 's the sequence of events that interests us . And to this extent , the movie is a success in that it 's really interesting to see how things came to that conclusion.But it 's not a happy movie -- it 's about a guy hunting the killer of his wife -- and aside from a couple of darkly funny moments , there is n't much positive emotion from this movie . In fact it gets darker as it goes on . I can appreciate that if it 's a means to end , like in Blade Runner , or if at least there 's a big emotional payoff . As it turns out it 's neither.The somewhat ambigious ending makes it even worse . ... But why would I care what happened to these characters ? ALL of the characters are evil manipulative losers . ... The whole experience for me was mild interest dropping into mild disgust.And finally , the `` theme '' of the movie , ... seems to be reminicent of `` The Matrix '' -- can you really trust your memories/senses ? Can you be sure of anything ? Pseudo-intellectuals love to parrot this garbage , because it 's right -- you ca n't be sure of anything . ... How is this knowledge going to affect your life ? ... Meditate for days on your enlightment ? No , you 're going to keep going about life exactly the same as before , because odds are , the world around you is probably pretty much what it looks like , the past is probably pretty much how you remember , and in all likelihood there IS a spoon ... If you need a puzzle to solve and some lite philosophy to think about , you could have a winner here.Final verdict
 At the end of this movie , you 're supposed to go `` Wow ! That 's brilliant ! '' Instead , I was quite glad that it was over . It starts off with an interesting enough premise , but quickly gets way too wrapped up in its own clever structure and plot twists , and ends up degenerating into an experiemntal wank . I like smart movies , but this one just tries way too hard . I emerged from it feeling like I had just been forced into a duel with the director , with him trying to outsmart me every step back of the way when all I was looking for was a couple hours ' entertainment . In the end , he succeeds in showing how clever he is , but does so at the expense of a good movie .
 Where is the clever ending ? The entire movies builds to something you think you would never expect . I never expected such a bad ending . The ending is anticlimactic at best .
 Contrary to popular belief , yes you do need to be a rocket scientist to figure out what the heck is going on . In addition , it was a bore unlike the equally confusing Mullhulland Drive .
 Despite the overwhelming accolades this film seems to have generated , Memento is a real dud . Very gimmicky and self-conscious , this film expects the viewer to automatically care about its protagonist and his ludicrous dilemma . It 's true that Guy Pearce may succeed in arousing a very mild affection for his character , but that I think is due merely to the amount of time -LRB- depending on one 's patience -RRB- the viewer spends watching him go through his paces . Even if the ending were extraordinarily mind-blowing -LRB- which it is not -RRB- , it still would not adequately compensate the viewer for the time invested to get there . The film is extremely tedious to sit through
 My wife and I rented this movie and were really engrossed by the story . The writing , directing and acting are superb . However , I gave the movie two stars.Why ? There is no representation of good in this film.Just when I felt that one of the characters was trying to be helpful and selfless the story flips back a scene and their motivations are painted more clearly . Everyone is exploiting everyone else . I 'm not bothered by this from a moral point of view so much . What bothered me was that I found it difficult to sleep after watching this film . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I choose to watch this movie , based on the good reviews of this movie in amazon.com.But this movie is very confusing , like a puzzle , scenes in the movie repeatback and forth.It is very hard to understand.After you come back from a good day of work , you want to relax with a nice movie , and after watching this movie , I feel terrible.How come so many good reviews of this movie , I do n't understand these people.There is a pain in the butt peron in the office , I am going to recommend and give this movie for her to watch . HAHA
 They make it impossible to access the tracks on the second disc . A code is needed that you , the viewer , do n't have ! The film is presented in reverse order and it is extremely confusing . I watched the film at least 5 times and enjoyed it less each time . Do n't waste your time ! I loaned it to a friend for a second opinion . when I get it back I will trash the DVD .
 The film begins with Lenny shooting the man -LRB- or we 're so led to believe -RRB- who he thinks raped and murdered his wife . The film then moves backwards in time because it wants the viewer to feel what it 's like having short term memory loss just like Lenny , the main character . I admire the creativity , but it gets tedious . I almost lost all interest in the movie until Natalie provides a twist to the story . Then the end of the movie comes , which is actually the beginning of the story and the viewer discovers the truth
 memento is one of the movies i ever saw i ca n't believe it actually stole 25,000,000 from moviegoers it made no sense to me what so ever if want to waste the money then rent memento .
 The only good thing about having short term memory loss would be the viewer would forget this crappy , boring , overated movie .
 What a pretentious mess . . I was forced to watch this tribute to pain by a relative who thinks this film is `` so wonderful and innovative '' . FAH ! How can a film be boring and irritating at the same time ? The plot revolves around some doofus trying to find his wife 's killer , but not like Mannix . He stumbles about in a haze due to the fact that he has no long term memory
 ... or he may kill the same person many times over.I saw this movie in a theater and in a few hours completely forgot about it , until month later , when visiting the same theater suddenly recognized it among the playing features . Perhaps the film had so powerful an effect that it caused in me a condition , similar to one of the protagonist -LRB- at least in relation to the contents of the movie itself -RRB- . Or may be it was a lack of emotional depth , unrelated shallow characters , and complete absence of purpose that left me nothing to remember . I tend to believe it was the latter.Two stars for an honest attempt at originality .
 I heard this was such a good movie but I did not like it ... kind of depressing and weird . Thanks ,
 I was disappointed in this movie . The cast was great but the story was slow and not to my taste .
 The acting was too well done . All three leading ladies range from somewhat disatisfied to suicidally depressed and they were convincing . But here 's the thing . Watching and listening to people who are depressed is DEPRESSING . And watching this movie was depressing . I watched for about an hour thinking it might pick up , that perhaps a real ray of sunshine would appear . But ... I 'm giving up . I will not put myself through watching the rest of it.Having gone and read other reviews now , even some by people who liked the film , I do n't think I missing anything . Whew ... . I need to go watch Miracle or Rudy or Remember the Titans , SOMETHING inspirational to shake off this one .
 The story is told in three different time periods . First is the story of Virginia Woolf -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- , a writer who feels trapped in her own mind and in the retraints of the world around her . Next is Laura Brown -LRB- Julianne Moore -RRB- , a woman of the 1950s who is reading Woolf 's Mrs. Dalloway . She too feels trapped in her daily life . She is a failure as a woman because she can not do the mundane things a housewife is expected to do like bake a cake . Last is Clarissa Vaughan -LRB- Meryl Streep -RRB- who is planning a party for her writer friend that is dying of AIDs -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- . A theme of the film besides hating life is lesbianism , a contributor to the sentiment of entrapment.The problem with the film is that the characters are next to impossible to relate to or to sympathize with . Each of them inflict themselves with their pain . Each act with no regard for the people around them . Their problems seem whiney and selfish as a result.Marlene Dietrich was right in her assumptions about the Academy Awards and who wins them . She claimed that when an actress played an invalid , a person with a mental illness , or an ugly person , the actress was assured an Oscar . This prediction has come true with Kidman . The extent of her performance is staring into the distance with a cigarette in her mouth and one minor outburst with her husband.This is hardly an interesting movie ; it drags slowly to peak with a predictable and forced climax . It redeems itself with wonderfully re-created historical sets and costumes .
 Sadly , I had a real problem with this film . I have waited a long time to bother writing a review , because I know that my opinion is not popular . The actressing is a big deal among my cinephile friends , and yet I 'm put off by the bulk of it here . Quite frankly , this is a result of too much being heaped upon too much without the right balance . One reviewer stated that this should have been titled ` The Insane , the Unhappy and the Confused ' . I agree with this . I have defended Daldry 's directorial aesthetic in the past , considering that I feel ` Billy Elliot ' a towering debut and ` The Reader ' to be a misunderstood masterpiece , but I can not defend this since he does almost everything wrong here . He ca n't build his tone in a way that complements the film 's frames . Instead , he meshes together a group of stories that interweave in a way that bleeds a melodramatic atmosphere with almost no point . It does n't feel inspired or poignant or engaged.It merely feels sad.The acting is stuck in the film 's mood , which is n't a compliment this time . Harris is horrific , Moore is bland , Streep is uneven and Kidman is trying way too hard -LRB- although she does fare better than the bulk of the cast -RRB- . The rest of the supporting cast is just there , although I will admit that Toni Collette and John C. Reilly make more of an impact than that the film 's nominated stars.I like depressing , and I like challenging and I love a film that digs at the darkness in our souls , but this film is just too drab for its own good . It does n't say enough to validate its poor thematic choices .
 Yes , it 's an expensive cast . Yes , it 's beautifully made . Yes , it makes an excellent job of conveying a particular mood.The trouble is , there is no let-up from that mood . Two hours of a downward spiral of doom , depression , angst , despair , and suicide , with no let-up at all . With no refrain from such melancholy I was relieved when it ended - the film is lacking in contrast somewhat.I was n't left with anything at the end of the movie - just a desire to cheer myself up . It did n't make me question anything and it did n't raise any issues for me . I found it unchallenging - the only challenge was following the dense plot and the tedious , whispered monologues.Your mother might like it - but she 'll wonder what you 're trying to say when you give it to her .
 What an awful , awful movie ! Flitting through 3 lives , we discover 3 miserable people . No reason for this movie but to waste an hour and a half . The potential of these actors together would have been awesome but they were wasted on a trash movie .
 While this is based on my favorite book , I hated it so much that I could not even finish watching it . The book is largely internal monologue , which does not transfer to the screen . Also , the book is more character driven than plot driven , which really does not transfer well to the screen .
 In reading over several of the reviews , I see very little that mentions my major problem with this movie . Perhaps I did not read enough . While Nicole Kidman was defintely at her usual best and was a joy to watch , albeit for the depressing nature of her role , I was disappointed and disgusted to once again feel deceived into seeing this movie . The previews made it sound so wonderful , without ever giving any mention of the bottom-line issue.The story is not simply about three women who are unfulfilled and misunderstood in their lives -LRB- to put it in simple terms -RRB- . The underlying issue is their homosexuality , and their inability to come to terms with their homosexuality within their life circumstances and to be healed of their depression or profound melancholia . Except that is , for Meryl Streep 's character who in the end decides to become `` who she is '' . Julianne Moore 's character ends up leaving not only her husband but her young son -LRB- which later contributed to his demise -RRB- in order to fulfill her own longed-for lifestyle.Yes , people have their problems , but to justify these actions by saying that these poor unfortunate women had no support and just could not deal with their problems in any other way , is unfair and derogatory to women . And what about the little boy who later commited suicide ? Just an unfortunate casualty of his mother 's understandable -LRB- but really self-centered -RRB- actions , I guess . That is what the movie implied to my husband and me.Yet , while this may be a profound tale of the tragedies of human suffering , we have a distinct dislike for not being told about the homosexuality involved . Perhaps we should have read reviews first , or read about Virgina Woolf first , but we did not and consequently saw this movie with no idea that it had to do with this issue until near the end of the story . I suspect that was deliberate on the part of the writer/director , etc. in order to keep people watching , who may not otherwise do so . We were similarly deceived into watching Far From Heaven , since their was no mention of the husband 's homosexuality in the previews . This looks to us like pushing the `` homosexuals have to be recognized and accepted -LRB- which means agreed with -RRB- because they ca n't help themselves '' agenda . And contrary to those who would say we are intolerant , it is not intolerant to disagree with a person 's behavior or beliefs . It is intolerant to accuse one of intolerance if he does not agree . When a movie is put out there to advance any agenda , the previews should make the potential viewers aware of what they are going to watch . No matter what the issue is . Then at least the viewer has an informed choice.So , what it all comes down to is that the unfortunate characters had no choice but to act as they did , and the viewer has no choice but to watch the movie uninformed as to its content unless he first does some research . No matter what the movie is about , we were depressed about the depressing poor or lack of choices , that affect not only the characters , but others in their lives also .
 Someone -LRB- Naomi Wolf , I think -RRB- said that men were n't `` evolved '' enough to appreciate this movie . I have to say she 's right . Clearly , my Y chromosome prevented me from properly ignoring cliche and pretentiousness in order to appreciate this movie.Pretentiousness , in my opinion , is when the banal and commonplace is treated with reverence as if it were a fresh insight . There 's a scene where Virginia Woolf finds a dying bird , which is used as an obvious metaphor for her own trapped , fragile condition . Tell me , has any 18 year old in Creative Writing 101 not used this metaphor before ? Why is time spent emphasizing such a leaden , obvious parallel ? And the dialogue is full of such commonplace insights as `` This is what people do ; they stay alive for each other . '' Really ? I mean , I thought people stayed alive for the sake of their pets . This is an insight ? `` It 's the right of every human being ... '' On and on ; the director should have spared the audience this wooden dialogue and instead had the actors wear sandwich boards on which they could have carried their epiphanies.The actors were horrible . Do not be fooled that this is an actor 's showcase . It is , perhaps , for the secondary actors , those who are spared the need to impart life 's lessons every time they open their mouth . The principals , however , are dreadful . Streep is hammy as hell , unwilling to let a scene lead her and instead filling each second with twitches and mannerisms . The breakdown in the kitchen -LRB- which is when I bailed -RRB- was acted entirely with her hands . Julianne Moore gives a typical Moore performance , playing a woman so sub-literate and inarticulate she seems to be swallowing syllables even as she attempts to speak them . And Kidman gives the stereotypical `` Madwoman in the Attic '' performance actors favor when playing literary geniuses . If anyone had walked around with so much fevered intensity , they would have been committed immediately , whether they were a writer or not.And , in the spirit of feeling commited , I took myself and my Y chromosome as far from this movie as I could get . I recommend that you , too , do the same .
 Is it possible to have a great cast that gives great performances and have a bad movie ? Yes it is ... and this is it . My recommendation - see most anything else -LRB- I nearly feel asleep -RRB- .
 I thought this would be a good movie with all the great actresses until I realized that Virgina woolf was indeed very mentally ill so was her sister , lets face it Lesbian sisters who are also incestuous to each other . I am sorry But I am ashamed to see a movie like this get such a good review , trying to portray something so creepy as being ok , it not ok
 There are three interrelated stories in this movie , but each is essentially formulaic and , inevitably , none of them is explored in depth . The result is a series of snapshots which simply do not add up to a satisfying movie . Is there some interrelation between the stories which provides a payoff ? Apart from the trite and obvious -LRB- time passes and things change -RRB- I see none . This is a very disappointing movie , in view of the accolades and high expectations .
 This was the most overacting in a film I have seen in a long time . I was going into to this film thinking this has 3 super actress of our lifetime . I turned out to be very boring and hard to watch . Yes , it seemed like HOURS and HOURS watching these actresses trying for an Oscar nomination.The story is tied to together with the writings of Virginia Wolffe and how it `` effected '' their lives . It ends up being a jumbled up mess and very confusing.The film was no joy or entertaining for that matter . It was a waste of 2 HOURS.Watch `` The Pianist '' to see how a film should be done with great acting but not overacting every role .
 The first fifteen minutes were incredibly boring . No , I was n't expecting an action movie . The mixture of four time periods was confusing . I 've got better things to do than try to keep all the story lines straight and still get the message . I doubted it would get any better , so I gave up . Two thumbs down .
 It 's a depressing movie about a mental illness that makes one desire to commit suicide . I found nothing inspirational about the movie because the characters did nothing to change their situation.The movie attempts to philosophize about life and happiness . Noone should take that seriously because it 's coming from a mentally ill person . The message is do n't cherish life and it took all of two hours to deliver it .
 If you were n't depressed when you walked in to see this movie , you certainly will be by the time you finish it . Many customers walked out early and I wish I had . What a waste of talent.Don ' t bother to go see `` The Hours '' . believe me you will find itvague , disjointed and distasteful . No one was happy , not even the serious little boy . He was so worried about his mother that he could think of nothing else . What a downer this movie is .
 The Hours gained a lot of attention when it was released , mainly because of its A-list actresses -LRB- Meryl Streep , Nicole Kidman , Julianne Moore , Miranda Richardson , and Toni Collette -RRB- , Nicole Kidman 's fake nose , and its high minded themes . It 's an adaptation of the novel by Michael Cunningham , and the storyline is complex but basically it tracks Virginia Woolf writing `` Mrs. Dalloway , '' a 1950s housewife who becomes obsessed with Mrs. Dalloway -LRB- the novel -RRB- , and a 1990s career woman whose life resembles that of Mrs. Dalloway the party-planner . All three storylines take place in one day.Nicole Kidman finally won an Oscar for her performance as the suicidal novelist Virginia Woolf . For this , she donned a fake nose , dyed her hair a mousy brown , and lowered her voice a few octaves . Her Virginia slouches , wears dowdy housedresses , and stares at dead animals . Kidman seems determined to carve out a niche for herself as an intelligent actress , and for this I admire her . However , ultimately her performance is unconvinving . She seems to fall into every `` tortured artist '' cliche -- she broods , she sniffles , she impulsively kisses people , and she stares out the windows , pen in hand . But her Virginia Woolf doesnt for a moment seem real or vital , just a mopey downer.Julianne Moore plays Laura Brown , a depressed 1950s housewife , with a loving husband -LRB- John C. Reilly -RRB- and a young son . Moore is one of my favorite actresses , and she makes this confusing character very vulnerable and touching . However , the screenplay doesnt really flesh out Laura 's motivations . Of the three lead actresses , I thought Moore was the least affected.Meryl Streep is the `` modern day '' Clarissa Dalloway , a career woman who devotes her time to caring for Richard -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- , an ex lover who is dying of AIDS . Her day is spent planning a party for Richard . Strangely , her character is the most ordinary , yet Streep 's performance is even more affected than Kidman 's . You can see Streep switching gears -- ok now I 'll smile through tears , now I 'll look at the camera with my patented `` tender '' expression . She 's supposed to be the overscheduled , overburdened contemporary woman , but her storyline was IMO not compelling enough for Streep 's `` acting class 101 '' antics.And thus the problem with the whole movie -- in the end , it 's as affected and artificial as Kidman 's prosthetic nose . The movie is a little too in love with ennui . It 's one of those movies where all of the characters are constantly on the verge of tears . Now there are plenty of movies which weave together seemingly unrelated storylines -LRB- Magnolia , Traffic -RRB- , and of course the female weepie genre as well as the sapphic fantasy genre have been around since the beginning of moviemaking . But the best of these films have a vitality , vision , and wit that The Hours sorely lacks . Virginia , Laura , and Clarissa do n't act , they POSE.As a footnote , the supporting characters practically steal the movie . In particular , Toni Collette has a wonderful cameo as Laura 's neighbor , Ed Harris is both pitiful and obnoxious as Richard .
 My wife purchased this movie on a recomendation from a friend . This movie was long , dull , and depressing . It 's about 3 lesbians from different time periods who commit suicide ? It goes back and forth between the women and thier dull lives . I knew from the first 5 minutes it was going to suck but my wife made me sit through this garbage . At the end we both were shocked at how displeasurable the experience was . I am baffled at how anyone could enjoy this .
 After hearing all the prasie for this movie , I decided to finally rent the DVD . I might be in the minority here , but as I watched it I could not help but feel that I had somehow tuned into a bad , boring Lifetime made for TV movie . I kept expecting Judith Light or Shanon Doherty to appear . The performances were not compelling , and I ca n't for the life of me understand how Kidman received such priase for this yawner . I guess if you stick a big piece of bubblegum in the tip of your nose , ugly yourself up a bit , that becomes award winning acting . I know I should have felt something for the three women in this story ... If not completely understand their pain and struggles , at least acknowledge it . But , I felt nothing . Actually , that is not entirely true . I did feel something ... frustrated . For 2 hours I felt the frustration at these 3 actresses on the screen . In the end , I was only too happy that it was over . It is a film that really leaves you feeling empty . This is not because the performances were so engrossing that you feel the emptiness and pain in these women 's lives . No , you feel empty because you sat dopwn to watch a great movie , and instead witnessed some mediocre movie of the week hogwash . It is the type of movie that `` serious '' revieweres will feel compelled to label a masterpiece , even though inside they really wanted it to end as badly as the rest of us .
 This movie is not worth one star unless you enjoy being tricked into watching a movie about homosexuality and ca n't possibly figure it out until the very end.Save yourself the pain and avoid this movie at all costs .
 Meryl Streep and Julianne Moore were equally as good if not better than Nicole Kidman in this movie . I really have to wonder why the academy gave the oscar only to Kidman.And ... as I watched the extra interviews with the actresses , I found myself thinking , `` Who is that Nicole Kidman ? '' She looks nothing like the Kidman I know today , December 22nd , 2004 . What did she do to her face ? Botox ? Today there is no expression in her face and her eyebrows are flat . THAT Kidman , in those interviews is the princess we all fell in love with in film . The faded blonde hair of late , the flat eyebrows and expressionless brow take the uncommon beauty out of her.I gave this movie two stars for Mel Harris , Meryl Streep , Julianne Moore , and Kidman . It was a mesmerizing film , but it was ultimately too in love with itself .
 I just try to figure out why they made this movie.The story is simple and it 's possible to resume in few words
 You need to be well versed in literature to understand this film - even then it is not a great piece of work . It is simply about depressed self-absorbed lesbians . There is little else for anyone that does not fit into one of those categories . Not even Kidman and Streep 's superb acting skills could resurrect this film from the dust bin .
 For many decades now I have been convinced that `` The Sound of Music '' was the worst film ever made , and , furthermore , that no film could possibly be made which could even approach it in its utter repulsiveness and thoroughgoing badness.WRONG !!!!! I have now seen a movie which beats `` The Sound of Music '' by several miles , and which I am now similarly convinced will and can NEVER be worsted , NEVER.And the winnah is : THE HOURS!I ca n't find the words to express how thoroughly , utterly , entirely , totally , supremely and breathtakingly BAD this movie is . `` The Sound of Music '' had at least one redeeming spark , the song `` My Favorite Things '' , which could at least be turned into a masterpiece by John Coltrane , to the extent that one can momently forget the hideous nightmare of J. Andrews and the vile kids doing it in the movie . `` The Hours '' has no redeeming features at all . NONE . With every scene , new depths of staggeringly bad acting , astonishingly facile dialogue and totally unconvincing characterization are achieved . It 's like a raging river of sewer that 's burst its banks . Quite compelling actually -- you ca n't take your eyes off it , as at the scene of a gruesome car wreck . You keep saying
 Lots of big names but very slow , boring and depressing . Simple plot that 's over expanded . I had big expectations being bombarded with publicity for this movie . It 's a thorough waste of my time !!
 I can understand why this movie got the `` Oscar '' for best performing actress , simply because the acting of the three leading ladies are outstanding ! , I understand the plot but I still believe this movie was missing something , a high point , something , it just somehow gets kind of lost in monotony . Nicole Kidman is unrecognizable , her make up is great , Julianne Moore has been denied by the award comitee for years , she 's a great actress she deserves one already , and Meryl Streep as always saving a play that lack of a true stunning ending , I just lost this movie at the end ...
 After and hour and I couldnt take The Hours anymore and shut it off . It 's a shame the movie is so long , boring and moves nowhere . The acting is excellent , especially by Moore .
 I approached this movie as an opportunity to learn more about Virginia Woolf , of whom I knew a little . It was not without substantial eagerness that I sought to learn more about her from this film . But this movie is to no substantial degree the learning experience I had hoped for , scarcely more so than if I 'd watched WILD WILD WEST with the hope of learning more about Ulysses S. Grant . So what is there to get out of THE HOURS ? Nothing very tangible that meets one 's eye . A discussion early on alludes to suicide and reasons for not taking one 's life . We stay here on Earth for the sake of those we matter to , so one character asserts . That 's a reason not to commit suicide , we 're told , and we might suspect that would define a consistent theme of the movie . But not all its characters live out that sense of purpose . Virginia Woolf did n't , either in real life or in THE HOURS -LRB- that point being the one unambiguous element of non-fiction I could find in the film -RRB- . At least one other character also declines to stay around for those to whom he matters . But if one is looking for evidence either for or against staying around for loved ones as the theme of the movie , the most compelling evidence comes from Laura Brown , played by Julianne Moore . This gloomy and depressed character , forever on the verge of `` losing it '' decides not to commit suicide . Yet , she abandons her family anyway . So the movie 's theme would seem more to be that choosing or not choosing suicide is beside the point relative to that claim that we should stay around for those to whom we matter . Even staying in this world does n't mean that we 'll be there for them.While Laura Brown 's suicidal tendencies are rather unexplained , there is a hint as to why Virginia Woolf -LRB- at least the one in this movie , whether the real one or not -RRB- is having a crisis about going on . Part of the therapy for the conditions she suffers has her living in Richmond , a suburb of London . She longs to be back in the big city instead . I 'll assume she has her reasons for wishing she were in London , however poorly explained they are in this movie . In fact the subject is poorly introduced . Apparently what is supposed to first hint at her bitterness over separation from London is a scene where her servants are preparing a meal . She tells them to use ginger . They respond that they are out of ginger and would have to go all the way to London to get any . She responds that she does n't see a problem there . Her harsh words as she elaborates must be meant as the first sign of her torture over being condemned to this suburban life that she detests -LRB- however attractive the setting might look to a lot of us viewers -RRB- . But a first time viewer of the movie is hard-put to discern such a message in this scene as it is playing . It is more likely to look like she is being haughty , even bordering on verbally abusive , toward her servants . You 'd think the movie makers overlooked that obvious appearance in their zeal to portray sympathetically these supposedly parallel lives of three women . Yes , parallel lives -- at least that is what so many are saying about this movie . The paralles are implied between the real life of Virginia Woolf and two fictional women who lived later , one of them being the aforementioned Laura Brown . But how deep is the parallel ? Laura reads Woolf 's novel , `` Mrs. Dalloway '' . That 's about it as far as a tangible parallel really goes . Are we supposed to think the parallel is grounded in ordinary reality , in some general aspects of `` the human condition '' ? Or is the parallel forged by some deeper , essentially supernatural influence ? Little room for the latter possibility would seem to be allowed by the movie 's tone , which does not at all generally seem to draw on supernatural effects . Yet , brief suggestions that Laura is somehow living out the life of Mrs. Dalloway are thrown into the mix . It is as if Laura is constrained to live out that life , according to how Woolf writes of her heroine -LRB- as if the two time lines were simultaneous , even though the novel was written a few decades earlier than the stage of Laura 's life interspersed in the movie 's flashbacks and flash-forwards -RRB- . That particular plot element is indeed as if some curse or something doomed Laura to live out a literary character 's life . There could be the potential for a supernatural thriller there , if the movie consistently pursued it . But the movie does not go for that option that could have made for entertaining , if somewhat escapist , fare . Instead the direction the movie does take is an incongrous , muddled mess that very weakly at best lives up to its billing as a profound exposition on parallel lives . Where so many would have us believe it delivers with a bang , its impact is really more of a whimper .
 We wanted to give this film a chance . The Hours got great reviews , and both of us had read a couple of Virginia Woolf 's novels in past periods of our lives . My problems with this film are three :1 -RRB- The cast is overwhelming . It 's like a jazz band with too many soloists and not enough rhythm backup . Many supporting roles amount to cameos for actors who are capable of carrying other films . It becomes an exercise for the viewer of `` oh , hey , I remember them in ... '' which in the end is a distraction . Also , each supporting player works so hard to make an impact in their short screen time that everyone just winds up sounding hysterical .2 -RRB- Ed Harris as an AIDS victim ? Uh huh . Nice try . A classic case of miscasting , and scenery chewing by an actor who should know better . Obnoxious .3 -RRB- An incredibly self-regarding , pretentious screenplay . The relentless degeneration among all of these materially very well-off characters is just completely implausible . NO ONE ever laughs . No one ever seems to even appreciate being alive , or take any pleasure in anything whatsoever . There is never a thematic break that allows the audience to see something positive - to give the viewer a break . Tragedy is best illustrated by also illuminating what was good about the protagonist . Shakespeare saw this , particularly in Othello . This movie does not , and fatally hamstrings itself.The sadness of Virginia Woolf I can understand - but the Streep and Moore characters are beyond plausible . The movie continually grabs you by the lapels and DEMANDS that you appreciate the terrible psychological dilemmas facing these rich Yuppies.After somewhere around an hour of this bathetic lachrymatory , we pulled the disc out and said , `` well , THAT was a waste of time ... '' This movie is highbrow soap opera . I 'm sure it 's great if you 're of a certain mindset , but I suspect many intelligent moviegoers are disappointed with this one .
 If you liked this movie , get a friggin ' life . `` The Hours '' is one of the most horrible films that I 've had to sit through in quite some time . The movie goes on forever and the score just magnifies the tedium of it all . I could n't stop thinking of that scene in `` Apocalypse Now '' with Marlin Brando holding his head in his hands and muttering `` the horror ... the horror '' .
 I feel that The Hours was well acted and the idea behind it -LRB- the 3 woman timeline a la Woolf -RRB- was interesting as well.That being said , I feel as if The Hours was about tortured , latent homosexual women who are tortured by the fact that they 're gay/bi and because of oppressive societal stigmas decide to stay tortured about it . A sadder `` sack '' I 've never had stuffed over my head!Julianne Moore 's character wanders away -LRB- no spoilers please ! -RRB- because she 's gay and either ca n't handle it or needs to explore it -LRB- was that too much info ? -RRB- and Meryl Streep 's character , who 's openly gay but is losing her mind because ... well , because she 's a self-sorry , self-indulgent goof who lives for the drama , ca n't stand getting older and compounds her self-loathing ... strike that . This character is too weak-minded for self-loathing -LRB- See ! Great acting ! -RRB- . So she tortures herself even more by acting as caretaker to a poet friend who has AIDS , was abandoned by Mommy and is also just too tortured to live anymore . Pheww!Either I was n't in the mood for the swelling piano scored , tortured woman/artist thing , or I 'm just getting too old and impatient with that stuff.At the end , when Kidman -LRB- as Virginia Woolf -RRB- is drowning herself by walking right into the deep part of this river , all I 'm thinking is `` Man . That 's not enough rocks in the pocket to do the job right . -LRB- She put ROCKS in her pockets ! Is that supposed to be some heavy-duty , weight-of-the-world symbolism or just a practical measure to ensure more efficient drowning ? She should just tie herself off round the neck to a good-sized boulder , kick that bad boy into the river and voila ! There you go ! `` While drowning herself , the narration of the letter she writes to her husband , Leonard , about her impromptu `` swim '' is as follows
 I had heard a lot of buzz about Nicole Kidman winning the Oscar for this movie , and the trailers made it sound interesting without revealing what it was really about . Curiosity got the best of me , so I watched it . Yes , the acting was excellent . The cinematography and editing were also well done . But the story is another matter.On a surface level - this is NOT a spoiler - you could say The Hours is about suicide and lesbianism -LRB- or at the very least , sexual confusion -RRB- . On a deeper level , it 's really about living with the bad choices you 've made . Yes , life has its dark moments . Yes , we make bad choices . Yes , we regret those choices . But I 'm not particularly interested in seeing a movie that emphasizes the bad stuff of life . The Hours was the most depressing movie I have ever seen . I just could not find any redeeming value in it . If this was supposed to be some feminist empowerment film , it only succeeded in empowering women to ruin their lives.Also , a movie with a bad ending totally ruins the whole thing for me . I found the ending of The Hours not only unsatisfying , but downright disturbing . It does n't bother me when movies end on a sad note or the main character dies or something bad happens , but there 's usually a glimmer of hope or goodness in the plot somewhere . I found none here . Generally , I watch movies to be entertained , to be distracted , to be moved , to be educated at times , even sometimes to simply appreciate the art of the film medium , but always to enjoy . Unfortunately , while The Hours was somewhat interesting on an `` artsy '' level , it was n't worth my time to see what all the buzz was about . It left me empty . My advice
 When I rented this DVD , I thought it would be a breakthrough in cinema , or thats how a lot of people put it ... boy , what the hell were they thinking ? This movie had absolutley NO plot , and the acting was not so great -LRB- and why did Nicole Kidman win Best Actress ??? The mystery lives on ... -RRB- This movie is about a bunch of lesbians -LRB- yes , everybody in this movie is a lesbian or a gay -RRB- who want to kill themselves or are thinking deeply about it ! This movie was very boring , and very hard to follow whatever Virginia Wolfe was rambling on about in famous quotes , such as '' ... death ... is ... possible ... '' -LRB- yeah , no s ** t lady -RRB- The entire time my family and I were watching this movie , the only thing we could think about was `` WHEN IS SHE GOING TO KILL HERSELF ALREADY ??? '' This movie is about three ill-fated , weak , suicidal woman who cry over everything !!! There is no development in characters , and it just all seems like a waste of time and THANK GOD we rented this movie for free !!! PLEASE D NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE !!! I RECCOMEND IT TO NOBODY !!! Believe me , dont listen to the critics ... this film is nothing deep , special , symbolic , or breakthroughing in cinema ... its boring crap !!!
 This dreary , boring movie seemed to go on for days ! Sorry , but I could not find a shred of empathy for these characters and ca n't believe it received so many oscar nominations and an oscar for best actress . This is not entertainment .
 This Film is one of those that only the Critics would love.Believe it or not , on my First view of HOURS , I did not know that Virginia Woolf was played by Kidman . I just knew that who-ever it was had been truly Dreadful.As good as the Artistic production is on this Work , Kidman is just Plain Awful.And Just as I Loved The Start of SCREAM because Drew was Done away with , it was brilliant that Kidman 's Character was appropriately Dispatched.Such a waste of Space for these Hours .
 I have seen plenty of movies that had good drama and made since . But `` The Hours '' is probably the worst movie I have seen in the year 2002 . It does have drama ; but it does not really have a good plot -LRB- storyline -RRB- to it . So therefore this movie was quite nonunderstandable and pointless . Not only is `` The Hours '' one of the worst movies of 2002 ; but it 's the most boring one at that . It is also the shortest Oscar nominated movie of 2002 , being only a little over an hour or so . `` The Hours '' should have been called `` The Hour '' because it is just too short for a good movie . This dull , boring , uninteresting , pointless , and short movie should have never been nominated for any Oscars . Oh ! I forgot to say
 `` The Hours '' is an angst-ridden , overacted , impossibly written mess . I can not understand how so many people could find it compelling . From the moment that Ed Harris falls to his doom , the movie becomes a convoluted , ignorant joke . The final sequences in the movie are so questionable and impossible that it defies description . Can so many charcters be so unlikable in one movie ? The answer , unfortunately , is `` yes . '' Why the heck is Meryl Streep 's character gay ... when she clearly has a thing for Ed Harris ' character ? Just why does Julianne Moore 's character seem so close to a breakdown , yet miraculously `` chooses life '' by becoming a librarian in Canada and somehow becomes an all-powerful woman ? Why on earth does the Ed Harris character tell people his mom committed suicide when he knows she did not ? This is such an immature movie trick ... and this was up for umpteen Oscars!If one word can describe this movie best , it 's `` goofy . '' It tries so hard to be profound and deep that it makes one want to rent an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie -LRB- well , almost -RRB- . And , do n't say that just because I 'm male that I ca n't `` understand '' this movie . Frankly , I do n't think that just because someone is female , that they should be bored senseless , either . This movie has `` earned '' one star because I expected so much more , what with the stars in the film , all the fine press it received , and all of the awards it was up for . What a letdown ! If the viewer can see past the `` in your face '' acting ; the cartoonish characters ; and the beyond description impossibility of the script , one will see `` The Hours '' for what it truly is ... `` The Wasted Two Hours . ''
 Nicole Kidman was the best actress hands down in this ghastly epic but that 's not saying much . Meryl Streep and Julianne Moore were positively painful to watch in what can only be described as monumentally underachieving performances . I have seen far better stuff on the Lifetime Network.The music was overblown , relentlessly repetitive in its deceitful cadence that is supposedly alerting the audience to some imminent dramatic climax that never happens . Even poor Richard taking the final exit out of his own squalid apartment window was a quiet mercy instead of a thundering tragedy . Did anybody besides me wonder why tireless devoted Clarissa had not taken it upon herself to get a housekeeper for the poor guy , perhaps an aide to help him into the shower.The waste of the talents of Miranda Richardson , Jeff Daniels , and Claire Danes in their trivialized roles really blew me away . Hope these fine actors were paid well to take a disproportionately distant back seat to Nicole , Julianne , and Meryl.I gave this film two stars instead of a mere one because of the hommage paid to Virginia Wolfe in the brilliant performance by Nicole Kidman . It gives me such high hopes that young people will look up the works of Virginia Wolfe and profit by reading her contributions to English Literature .
 Like many film fans , I eagerly awaited this much-heralded movie . This much must be said about `` The Hours '' - the performances are excellent . Kidman , Streep and Moore do not disappoint - nor does Ed Harris in his portrayal of the film 's most underdeveloped character . The problem lies in the script
 Crashing bore of a movie , done with flare and with passionately exquisite acting . Moore 's performance is the least interesting of the three , although her depression is probably the most familiar to us , that is , as an ill-defined form of dread and boredom , unexplained by events . Moore is good at playing stiff , somehow capturing the 50 's look to perfection , but `` stiff '' is hard to dramatize effectly , so here and elsewhere Moore has established a strangely cold persona , sexless and lifeless . Streep is not depressed but is forced to suffer the company of a psychologically troubled , embittered misfit , the sort of poet-nut whom the media takes up and celebrates . Harris gives us the `` Philadelphia '' look of the aids victim , beany cap and all , but in the end it 's not very interesting . No wonder he 's slated to win a prize but chooses to kill himself instead . Streep looks great and dresses to the nines throughout , a classic classy New York broad , a bleeding-heart all the way . She 's sucked into the loser 's downward spiral and ca n't escape . When he goes , the audience has to hold its breath to keep from applauding . Virginia Woolf is the most compelling figure , a writer of vast and real talent who deserves one 's attention . Here we get a brilliantly performed piece , a subtle , lovely depiction of a real literary star . As good as Streep 's New York editor is , Kidman 's Woolf is a tour de force , a dramatic treat . It may be the best thing she 's ever done or likely to do . Streep , on the other hand , will surely go on to do far more interesting work . The story is boring , filled with heavy portent . Depression is a fashionable favorite , which is why comedy is passed over by the Oscars . These episodes are thin , indeed , and in the end we hve to ask
 The Hours has some fine elements . It 's got the cream of the crop in acting talent and it 's beautifully filmed - certain images will linger in your mind long after you 're done watching the movie . Of the three story lines , Virginia Woolf 's was the most moving , because she had to grapple with a real mental illness -LRB- and the suicide note she wrote to her husband will bring tears to your eyes -RRB- . But in general , what I found lacking in the movie , was that it hardly varies in its moods . Minute after minute the viewer is beset by anguish , angst , anguish , repression , anxiety , angst ... not to mention utter selfishness and impulsivity . I 'm not asking for outright comedy or a song-and-dance routine , but something that provides some contrast to the general mood of quiet despair , and something that contributes genuine reflection on the characters ' actions . The most powerful films accentuate their themes through juxtaposition of different ideas , feelings , textures and moods . The Hours hit the same note over and over again .
 I bought The Hours for cheap , so I was impressed , and for once , ended up watching it within a couple of days of buying - not something I do often , judging by my `` to watch '' pile!I always watch the trailers first on the DVD , if they 're available . Some people disagree with this . Personally , I like doing it . Plus , I like watching the `` coming soon '' trailers too - it always gives me an idea as to what DVDs to add to my wishlist etc. I watched The Hours with my Dad , and actually had to WAKE him up at the end - now he never falls asleep at movies . I do . What is The Hours about ? Three women , with very little lives , and feeling trapped at every turn . Yes , there are also women kissing in this movie , for the guys - and girls I guess.I did n't identify with any of the women , I found the film quite dull , and uninteresting . It had so much promise . And I could n't handle watching Ed Harris in his role - normally I love him too!I would n't recommend this movie - maybe it 's because I have n't read the book , I do n't know . I 'd be interested in reading the book , perhaps , but I still have quite a few books on my `` to read '' list . -LRB- Stop buying books and DVDs ! -RRB- I 'll still keep the DVD - after all it was only cheap , and if I ever read the book , I might give it another try again .
 I thought when I saw this movie it would be entertaining , but it was n't . The theme of this movie homosexuality , sucide and mental ilness is not my form of entertainment . This movie was the worst one I ever seen except for the movie American Beauty . Please do n't go to see this movie .
 Through the whole movie I tried to sort out who ` Mrs Dollaway ' was , and who wrote about her . Okay I thought Nicloe Kidman is the writer and Laura Brown is her character , Mrs. Dollawy is a depressed woman that has a sweet little boy , expecting another child and a husband that dearly loves her.And for this she is sad and depressed . Genrally people contemplate suicde when real bad stuff happens . And maybe a woman can feel unfullfilled with her life , but to contemplate sucide ?! I thought Laura Brown was the character in the book , until I saw her reading the book , in the hotel.Then it seemed like Ed Harris wrote ` MRS. DOLLAWAY ' because Laura Brown was his mother.I can not enjoy a movie with twisting confusing plots , where as I am trying to figure out what the heck is going on!Out of the 3 leading female characters , Meryl Streep is the only women that has any depth or moxie . The other 2 women are faint , frail , self indulgent , self centered , little whimps.When I saw it advertised , I was actually looking forward to watching this movie . It is so true , that you can not tell a book from it 's cover . It was a waste of my time and money to rent this movie . I am thankful I did not buy it .
 For those of you who like Lesbian movies , this will be great for you . This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Boring ! Do n't waste your money .
 I do not have much to say about movie `` The Hours '' . All I will say is that I wasted an hour of my life on watching it in theaters . This movie is short , dull , boring , and its about deeply trouble lesbians . The critics out there must be crazy ! They are hailing this movie as best picture of the year ! Give me a break ! It shocks me to hear that this dull movie has actually been nominated for nine Academy Awards ! This movie is terrible . I do NOT recommend you watch it .
 I should have learned my lesson by now . When a film is touted as a `` must see film '' by movie critics , I 'll remember this film and make sure I do n't waste my time or money to see it . I would n't recommend renting this film for home viewing either . This film starts out depressing and I kept waiting for it to get better . This was just another vehicle for Hollywood to push homosexuality and lesbianism as a normal way of life . There was nothing in the previews or reviews to alert the public as to content and what they could expect if they went to see this film . I tried to find something in the film to keep me watching but gave up after 50 minutes and left along with several others . Walking out was refreshing after the doom and gloom I had just endured .
 I do n't really know what the magnificent reviews are all about . I guess when you have actors like Meryl Streep and Nicole Kidman the critics tend to get overexcited . I was very upset by this movie . It theme was morbid and the music even more depressing . I guess in times like these it is the `` IN '' thing to constantly harp on themes like homosexuality and lesbianism , but this is not an uplifting movie . When I go to see a film it is to be entertained and come out with a good feeling . This film certainly failed on that count . I do n't want to see women kissing women , AIDS victims throwing themselves out of the window and women drowning themselves in a lake . This story is about misfits who can not accept life . Aside from the acting , which was great , I hated the film . I 'm sorry I bought it and will soon dump it . Hollywood is becoming obsessed with the gay issues .
 What a boring and dark film !! We watched it because of all the hype about this movie from media . What a waste of talent and film !! What tries to be a moving story turns out to be a disappointment . Actually , it was n't all that disappointed as we were not anticipating anything out of the film to begin with . What we did learn was that there was a lot of homosexual overtones to each of the characters . I did n't have a problem with how the movie cut back and forth to each of the 3 characters , however , the stories were very unattractive . It made you want to slap each of them and say `` Snap out of it !! Grow up and be glad you are alive ! '' Seriously , each of these characters brooded over everything . Kidman 's character was the worst . Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this terrible movie . This movie and `` American Beauty '' are in the same boat . Let 's hope it sinks and goes straight to the bottom !!
 this film was truly awful and a waste of my time ... I thought there would be a deeper view of these women and their emotions in their time but the point was lost ... took days to finally figure there was just no point to this movie . . if you want to see these actresses kiss other women see it but if you are looking for some deep emotional drama that delves into the complexity of a woman do n't bother seeing this .
 The Hours is one of the most tedious experiences I have ever endured . I did n't pay to watch it and it still sucked supremely . Boring as it gets , the only redeeming thing you can possibly say about this film is that most of the time the cinematographer got things in focus and the actors all give good performances , as much as this yawn-inspiring story will allow . The script would be overlong if it was just a one hour show.The score by Phillip Glass is unremarkable except for the fact that it is totally overdone in sections -LRB- for example , when Julianne Moore 's character leaves her son with someone -RRB- and tries to manipulate viewers into caring about the characters or situations , something I could just not do.Anyone who thinks this is a fine film is mistaken . Watch something else or go for a walk instead . This is a turkey , gobble , gobble , gobble . I rarely review movies , but this was so bad I felt compelled to save people from a lot of pain . I do n't mind chick flicks , but please , DO NOT WATCH THIS , unless you need a cure for insomnia . I needed a cup of coffee after barely 30 minutes . It is a waste of time . Maybe it should 've been called `` The 3 Mrs. DULLaways . ''
 This film was excellent from a technical standpoint - the three timeframes were seamlessly blended and the cinema work was great . For that I give it 2 stars.Having said that , the story itself was little more than a blatant celebration of homosexuality and lesbianism . It is a sad testimony that so much effort is being made to ` make mainstream ' a deviant lifestyle.Interesting that the advertising never points out the true nature of the film - otherwise , my wife and I would never have gone to see it .
 My wife and buy movies to be entertained . After 45 minutes of this one , we looked at each other and said why are we watching this show . The title is appropriate however , minutes do seem like hours hanging on to this one .
 even though all the actors did a great job and it is very faithful to the book , but you really would n't get this movie unless you read the book , which is much better and you get it more . The hours is really about inside one 's mind , and no matter how hard you try , you just ca n't get that on screen . if you did n't read the book , the feeling you are getting from the hours is basically that there 's something wrong with the women but you do n't really know what , they just appear wrong . it 's too awkward.go read the book , if you did n't like the book , do n't even bother to see the movie .
 Boring and pointless . If you want a deep and thoughtful film , try the foreign section of your video store . There is no motivation as to why Julianna Philips ' character wants to kill herself . I do n't think a failed birthday cake warrants such drastic measures . Her character is dull , and perhaps has more going on inside her head , then is relayed to the audience . And what about Kidman 's fake nose and glasses . If an actor ca n't play the role from within her own instincts and needs cheap props to get them there , it 's time to revisit acting class .
 Tremendous cast - well acted . Still , a deeply disappointing film . While it was a well-made film , I did n't find it deserving of the accaim it has received.The plot was too melodramatic -- all truly brilliant women are lesbian , eccentric , depressed , and suicidal . In my opinion it was a not so subltle attempt to villify the nuclear family , portray marriage between men and women as oppressive , and promote the notion the only truly fulfilled woman is the openly gay middle-aged Clarissa.That 's art ?
 This moving is awful
 This movie was disturbing . It makes me mad and sad when parents do inappropriate things with their children around !! Although they really should n't be doing it at all ... I could n't even finish watching the last half hour or so . No wonder they were troubled ... They need JESUS .
 I thought this movie was a complete waste of time . The movie was hard to follow and really had no good point . I ca n't even believe I sat through the whole thing ! I love a good biography and good acting , but this storyline did not hold my interest . I almost dozed off a few times . I do n't even want to give away the movie . I would feel bad knowing other people would be wasting 2 precious hours of their lives .
 I found this movie dull and two-dimensional . The plot is about three women in three different time periods -LRB- only separated by about 40 years each -RRB- , who are depressed . The plot connects the people through a book by Virginia Woolf . I am not sure what the point of view of the writer was . There are several philosophical statements repeated . It seems that the movie is about people not living the way they want to live . It never seems to develop completely . However , the acting is superb . As a woman , I did not feel a connection to this movie .
 All i could keep thinking was-What is the point of this movie ? It STINKS !!! I saw it at a preview screening for free and still wanted to walk out.Kidman was the worst in this bad excuse for a movie.She is MUCH MUCH better in Moulin Rouge .
 OK - my admiration for the author of `` To the Lighthouse '' approaches reverence , so I was skeptical of Cunningham 's `` The Hours '' -LRB- too cute , surely -RRB- , but I picked it up & was entranced
 Yes , it 's Virginia Wolfe , and yes it 's Streep , Kidman and Moore , all very well respected actors . But COME ON ! I hated it . It 's so DEEP that one is supposed to bow down and grovel at its ' inner meaning and mensa level plot . Kidman was better in Days of Thunder and Eye Wide Shut -LRB- that statement was sarcasm for those who were n't sure -RRB- . Oh well , I 've never felt the impulse to write one of these reviews before but I just felt compelled to air my feelings . I absolutely love the movies . I am seduced by good plots and great characterizations . This was boring and tedious . Do n't waste your time or money unless you need to have something to chat about at your next afternoon tea in the Hamptons .
 What a load of tripe this film turned out to be . It 's completely humorless , pointless , and incredibly pretentious . It has all of the depression of Ingmar Bergman 's studies on madness and depression but with none of his artistry or insight into the human condition . You know zero about the three leads conditions nor do you care , it all seems to be an excuse to show off film editing techniques and to allow a crew of fine actors/actresses to `` shine '' by overacting in hopes of winning the coveted golden statue . An hour into the film I wished they would all stop their crying and carry out their suicidal urgings so I could move on to a real film .
 I ca n't understand why people raved about it . It is full of neurotic people , self-centered , solipsistic characters who take themselves so seriously and with such verbosity against a background of plaintive music that you 're grateful when someone finally succeeds at dying.The movie is very good at evoking the sense ofclaustrophobia that the characters feel , but the characters are not themselves interesting enough to justify the overwrought emotions this movie tries to stampede over us.Interesting narrative structure , interweavingthree separate stories , two of which mirror events in Woolf 's book Mrs. Dalloway , and a surprise ending . Still , a disappointment and hardly deserving of the raves it got .
 The Hours is supposed to be a three story film where the characters are linked by depression and suicide although they themselves may not be suffering from these ailments but are close to someone who is . The stories are interlaced by these connections and by the book `` Mrs Dalloway '' by Virginia Woolf who also appears as one the main characters in one of the three stories . Its heavy on despair , misery , hopelessness and death.The movie has some great acting from Meryl Streep but unfortunately the other cast are not really as functional as you would have expected . The movie does go to that next level in makeup effects such as aging , changing a persons face completely and the presentation of an aids victim . Tops marks all round for these effects and costumes but do these things make a film?No , they do not . Stephen Daldry is not a very good director and if you did not like Billy Elliot then you will probably not like this vehicle either . He is an up-and-coming director but his work seems very amateurish as if he is not really conscious about the material at hand and realizing his vision onto the screen . Its ends up with many loose ends and missing connections that should have be made.Nichole Kidmans character of Virginia Woolf ends up saying and doing very little . In most scenes she is just standing around doing or saying nothing . Unfortunately Julianne Moore goes one step beyond Kidmans character by simply walking straight off the set for `` Far from Heaven '' giving up a double-dose of a helpless woman in despair . The only one of the three that stands out is Meryl Streep and her performance is to be commended . Sadly John C. Reilly is wasted by also saying and doing very little but Ed Harris regrettably overacts his character to the point of killing any realism that he once had . Surprisingly enough the movie ends up not being as moving as what it makes itself out to be.In short this movie is a misfire in a lot of ways and is pretty hollow overall . It is no `` Remains of the Day '' , `` Shadowlands '' , `` Magnolia '' or `` Beaches '' if that is what you are expecting .
 If you think about it , it was entirely predictable that Nicole Kidman would win the Academy Award for this . No , not because her acting was anything special , but because she so determinedly changed her appearance
 Only One Hour was all I could handle before I decided `` this just is n't going to get any better , '' and headed for the lobby.I admire all of the the actresses here . They have each been in an excellent role recently . Further , I admire Virginia Woolf , one of the pioneers of Modern literary technique . But this grumpy film about three women who are unhappy for some inexplicable reason , surrounded by their sad friends , un-understood by servants and loving husbands , relatives , children , inflicted needless cruelty on its viewers . Yes , I get the idea that they are repressed lesbians , and they may want to commit suicide over something which seems trivial to others , but did they have to be so unrelievedly grim about it ? A magnificent wallow in self-involvement . Let young people see this film only as a punishment for truly bad behavior .
 Sex Trash directly from the Mind Sewer Masters of Hollywood . Disturbing . Very disturbing . Nicole Kidman at least had the intelligence to disguise herself with that nose job .
 how can this be a good movie ? why does everyone have homosexual tendencies ? not that theres anything wrong with it , but if your gon na make a theme out of it in your movie there NEEDS to be a point , a reason , maybe there is but i didnt catch it . I caught the point of the movie when the question was asked to nicole kidmans character `` why does someone have to die '' refering to the book her character wrote , she replies `` so everyone else will value life more '' this story alone could have made a decent thought pravoking , but this line , which in my mind is the most IMPORTANT line in the move , is mumbled so quitly that i had to rewind sevrel time to catch what she was actually saying ... NOT good for the movie , being such a crutial point . than the movie brought in other time lines of people affected by the book . . fist with julianne morres character who we are led twards the end of the movie to think she also kills her self ... NOT SO !! why in this type of movie would you need a twist in plot ? it serves nothing to the main point of the movie , instead it wasnt her that kills her self but her son , in an even latter time line , so that meryl streeps character `` values life more '' i guess ... but all three of these characters have awkward female to female kisses ... didnt seem to be a reason ... just cause it happend in the book ? the movie even ended on one of those kisses ... oh , and ed harris , the son that kills himself had aids and i assume its from the emplied gay relations he 's had ... why all this gayness ? if your gon na make a movie about gay people make it relivent !! it seems like the director put the `` twist '' and the `` gay '' stuff in there just to make it seem artsy , along with the other two time lines which could have been left out to make a much more meaningfull and historicly based movie ... it seems that too many directors are trying to be `` artsy '' rather than just make a good movie which is ART ... come on HOLLYWOOD get it together , stop trying too hard to make people think your smart ... we know your not and thats what we like about you :-RRB- ... . let the indi kids do the artsy flicks unless you actually have something MEANINGFULL ... bottom line , i hate movies that have elements in place that do nothing to aid the movie ... but you can watch it see for your self ...
 This movie starts out simpering , ridiculous and depressing and descends into maudlin , ridiculous and depressing . That is , it would be depressing IF YOU CARED ABOUT THE CHARACTERS . All three female leads navel gaze and contemplate suicide . You find yourself rooting for the characters to kill themselves so that they would save the rest of the world from the misery they inflict by their constant self-obsession . And it 's an ugly , dark film . The lighting is blue or brown . The soundtrack is the same minor-chord piano riff over and over again . Juliana Moore 's teeth look like they 've been through 40 years of tea drinking and have never seen Ultra Brite . Nicole Kidman uses one facial expression -- a frown.I hated this movie and watched it to the end solely so I could write an informed review .
 -LSB- Warning
 I 'm so glad I did n't buy this movie but only rented it.I looked forward to seeing it all the way home from work , but found it so boring that I turned it off after only 10 minutes.I must give a word of praise for the makeup artists , though . They did a wonderful job of transforming Nicole Kidman 's face into a semi-resemblance of Virginia Wolf .
 Perhaps I am biased in that I wish Virginia Woolf was still alive so I could run her over in my car . Twice . But aside from the fact that this film was based on that repulsive stain on literature that is Woolf , it was still horrendous . All the characters are so uninteresting that you want them to die within the first 10 minutes just so something exciting will happen . Kidman looks likes she 's suffering severe constipation for most of the film , although that may just be the fact that she 's playing such a ridiculously boring character that she has no choice but to try and add some personality . If you have the choice between seeing this film or running face first into a wall , pucker up and plant a big one on that slab of concrete , because your head will hurt less than sitting through this crapfest . I hate Virginia Woolf .
 At the end of the ultimate in chick flick moviedom , my husband summed it all up in one phrase , `` what a waste of money . '' Let me go a few better
 audio and visual faults made this otherwise interesting story impossible to enjoy . I have had the same problems with other videos and do n't know if the problem lies with my computer or , if the issue is with the download function .
 The only reason I 'm giving this 2 stars is because of the interesting cinematography . Otherwise I was bored to tears , and the movie dragged on making the minutes seem like hours . I am a woman , and I still do n't get it . The constant pity parties that the characters indulged in were tiresome ... with no resolutions , nothing to look forward to at the end . Also , just what is it with Hollywood 's obsession with lesbians these days?Not that I have anything against the lifestyle , but it seems to me that the kissing scenes were just thrown in for shock value.I do n't see how those scenes fit into the plot ... then again , I do n't exactly know what the plot was supposed to be . Perhaps I 'm missing something , however , I 'm not interested in enduring the movie again to see what message I may have missed . I do n't need to be reminded that life has its dark moments.On the other hand I have become intrigued with Virgina Woolf and am curious about her life , and I plan on doing some reading about her , as well as her work .
 I found the movie to be a bit too melodramatic . The first two women suffered from the claustrophobic pressures of their societies . But Meryl Streep 's character I did n't get . I could not understand why she was so miserable unless it was over the loss of happiness she used to have with her AIDS-ridden ex-lover Richard . He did nothing to ease her pity for him and almost blamed her for being selfish in missing the happiness they shared instead of allowing him to die in peace . Ungrateful , if you ask me.In the end , Julianne Moore 's character creates a sort of closure for all those involved , but I certainly have not seen the results of that closure . I 'm still confused . What was resolved , if anything was resolved at all ? The theme of the movie went along the right dramatic lines but the ending just fizzed away . Performances were rightfully brilliant but story line just a bit too airy fairy for me . Not a heavy drama , but not a light drama either . Watch it if you have the patience .
 I only lasted an hour - possibly one of the most boring films I 've ever seen . Maybe it gets better ... ? But life is too short to waste on this drudgery .
 The plot of this movie was basically about three suicidal , depressed , lesbians in different time periods who all had something to do with the book `` Mrs. Dalloway '' . I spent the entire movie trying to figure out the point of it and when it ended I was confused and disgusted . I think this movie was a waste of The Hours I spent watching it .
 I 'm sorry - but this movie was horrible ! I would classify myself as an average american , and this just did NOT appeal to me at all . I will give a huge kudo to Nichole Kidman for her performance , but other than that - it was awful . I get so tired of people continously putting the `` beautifully creative '' label on any movie that portrays homosexuality in a positive role.Pass on this one ... please .
 Okay , after watching the Golden Globes award show and seeing ` The Hours ' crowned with the highest prize , Best Picture , and hearing incessantly about Nicole Kidman 's fake prosthetic nose in the movie , it was time to venture into that darkened theater and see how good the awards-friendly ` The Hours ' was . Little did I fully realize what I was getting myself into.Nicole Kidman plays Virginia Woolf , who is in the midst of writing her novel Mrs. Dalloway , where she proposes to display a woman 's entire life through the events of a single day . Julianne Moore plays Laura Brown , a housewife in 1951 having difficulty adjusting to a domestic life that she feels ill equipped for . Meryl Streep plays Clarissa Vaughan , a gay editor in 2001 planning a party for a poet and former lover -LRB- an emaciated Ed Harris -RRB- , who is suffering from the late stages of AIDS . These three storylines will be juggled as the film progresses , with each woman 's life deeply changing before the end of the day . ` The Hours ' is a meandering mess where the jigsaw pieces can be easily identified . The attempt at a resolution for an ending , tying the three storylines together , is handled very clumsily . The film spins on and on that you start to believe the title may be more appropriate than intended . What this movie needed was a rappin ' kangaroo , post haste!The film is wrought with female victimization , and screams `` Give me an award already ! '' Before you know it you 're being bludgeoned to death with what is profoundly the most over serious Lifetime network movie ever assembled . And there 's nothing fundamentally wrong with Lifetime movies -LRB- their corny sensibilities can be cheery -RRB- but ` The Hours ' does not share the sensibilities of its `` Must-Sit-To-Pee TV '' brethren.Kidman , nose and all , gives a strong performance displaying the torture and frailty of a writer trapped within her own mind , but too often relies on wistful staring or icy glares . Moore is effectively demoralized but can not resonate with such a shallow character . Streep is the least effective of the three and fizzles amongst an over-stuffed assembly of characters . And for those of you that have been waiting for some hot Meryl Streep girl-on-girl action , your thirst has finally been quenched.The supporting cast is unjustly left for dead . The characters are seen as parody -LRB- Toni Collette as Moore 's unliberated homemaker neighbor -RRB- , extraneous -LRB- Claire Danes as Streep 's daughter , Allison Janney as Streep 's lover , Jeff Daniels as Harris ' ex-lover , you know what , almost anyone in the Streep storyline -RRB- , one-note -LRB- the workmanlike John C. Reilly who plays yet another doting and demystified husband -RRB- or merely obnoxious -LRB- Moore 's brat child that refuses to separate from her -RRB- . It appears ` The Hours ' is the three lead actress ' game , and everyone else is not invited to play along.Stephen Daldry 's direction shows surprising stability and instinct after his art-house pandering ` Billy Elliot ' showed none . The technical aspects of ` The Hours ' are quite competent , especially the sharp editing and musical score , which just points out further how slickly hollow and manufactured the film is . ` The Hours ' is an over-glossed , morose , agenda-driven film that is too self-important for its own good . It sucks the life out of everything . And for all its doom and gloom and tsunami of tears , the only insightful thing ` The Hours ' is trying to pass off onto the public is that women are more depressed than you think and like to play kissy-face with each other .
 pretentious and obvious and oh-so-significant ; in other words , is this not the PERFECT movie for meryl streep ? a big disappointment from stephen daldry , after the wonderful debut as film director in `` billy elliott '' . nicole kidman won one of the most undeserved oscars since luise rainer , nd i usually like her . and oh god , theres that `` important '' philip glass score ...
 This movie is absolutely dreadful . I am sure that there are a lot of people out there who love this movie -LRB- I know some of them -RRB- , but if you are looking for a plot or decent acting , skip it and buy something else . With such a great cast , this movie should provide more ... Streep looks incredibly bored throughout the movie and I just ca n't get past that horrible nose on Kidman . Just awful .
 A movie with incredible shallow character development . It replicates the view of every misogynist that woman have no meaningful life other than the one driven by their own hormones . If I were a woman -LRB- or feminist -RRB- I would be insulted by this manic-depressive , `` lesbianic '' , incestuous world that has been created . It offers nothing , makes no point and has no relevance . If acting means extracting all joy from your words and facial mannerisms then the acting was great ... if it means more than that it was horrid . What a dog of a movie .
 What a shame when an all star cast meet and achieve nothing ! It is not because they are bad in any way , shape , or form , but because the story does not mean alot to % 99.999999 of normal people.You have to be from a psychologically defected familly to relate to `` this so called movie '' . The story is very simple , 3 females suffering from depression in 3 different periods of time each with minor differnce in the environment . `` Suicide , homosexuality , and social communication '' seems to be the high notes of the movie . Even no adaptive/positive behavior is shown or contemplated in the whole script.This is what I call a `` Dark Movie '' that should be viewed with the tv screen off to achive the best result .
 I counted 4 suicides , 3 lesbian kisses -LRB- all sad -RRB- , a terminal homosexual AIDS patient , artificial insemination -LRB- fatherless daugther -RRB- , mental depression , child abandonment -LRB- very sad eyes -RRB- and breast cancer . I could go on with the depressing themes but you get the idea . Add in annoying time shifts and you have a huge chick flick flop .
 This movie is pointless and a poor transition from page to screen . The book was lovely and moving . The movie dull and lifeless , and the musical score has to be one of the worst in modern history . I will give the actors all A 's for effort , but their talent is wasted here .
 The acting 's pretty good in places -- but that 's all.The surest sign of what you 're in for in this kind of Hollywood Spectacle is the music -- driving you to believe something important is happening , when nothing is happening . Even the music goes nowhere -- it starts with portent and ends with portent -- the typically lightweight range and depth of a self-important ` modern ' idiot like Philip Glass.Anyway , that 's just the most irritating thing about a movie that says nothing about death because it says nothing about life -- except symbolically in an oft-repeated story about ' a particular morning on the beach ' . We 're supposed to feel `` what a bunch of trapped people -- maybe we 're all trapped -- but maybe there 's hope '' . I know this because the point is made at the beginning and is remade dozens of times -- focusing on the same pain endlessly , in a flat movie where nothing will unfold but your cerebellum .
 This is a slick film , but let 's not let that confuse us into thinking that it povides any kind of meaning . A number of reviewers seem to have been baffled , as I was , by the seemingly pointless kissing scenes . Meryl Streep 's kiss at least made some sense in the context of the script , but Julianna Moore 's seems to have been entirely pointless , and just for shock value . But nobody , nowadays , is shocked by same sex kissing scenes , which have been foisted on us so much as to have lost all significant attention-getting value , and , in fact , they are showing up with such regularity in today 's films as to appear to be mere gratuitous nods to trendiness.The many-layered quality of the movie is at first sight intriguing , but do n't be fooled -- it soon becomes evident that it is only a facile device to make us think that the story is `` deep . '' Of course , the suggestion that most women are either overtly or secretly lesbians must surely make it `` deep , '' no ? Well ... NO . It 's merely a tedious false premise that is fast getting really old , tiresome and predictable.Although there are 3 layers , each of them is disappointingly shallow . As each layer peels away we are left puzzled because there is nothing underneath . What WAS the Julianna Moore character 's problem anyway ? Her potential solution and her actual solution were a bit extreme . OK , so some people react in extreme ways to their lives . Fine . But why are we supposed to feel sorry for her or care ? Is it because she has the same mental problems as Virginia Woolf or because , like Woolf , she 's bisexual ? Is it one or the other , or both , and are these problems enough to make any real woman abandon her children and thus destroy them ? Why would such a self-obsessed woman be a sympathetic character ; does anyone know !? The terrible `` aged '' makeup job did n't help . Hint to movie makeup artists
 As much as I have appreciate prior works of each of these actors , I had no sympathy for any of them . I found them selfish , depressing , neurotic and I did not care if they lived or died except the little boy who ended up jumping out of the window . I could identify . Someone needed to put all of them out of their misery . When Meryl Streep started making out with her roommate , I was about to jump out the window and decided instead to turn it off and return it to the nearest video store ASAP .
 The Hours has an audience in people who share the void suffered by its characters . That void is where a life is supposed to be . If you are one of these people , then get a life . The rest of us found The Hours unforgivably dull .
 The underlying theme of this film seems to be one should live , and end , one 's life as one wants to , no matter what the consequences for others . The film concerns three unstable women whose lives are intertwined through Virginia Woolf 's novel , `` Mrs. Dalloway . '' There is no real plot and I could not sympathize with any of the main characters . The only character I could sypathize with was Kitty whose life was being taken out of her hands . Also , I did n't think it was possible for Julianna Moore to look unattractive , but this film managed it . I do not understand why this film has received rave reviews . For anyone who wants to see it , I recommend waiting to rent the DVD .
 this film is a plotless melodrama about selfish , self-absorbed people . it was dull , pretentious and boring . the only straight male characters were weak and codependent -LRB- mr. virginia woolf -RRB- or clueless -LRB- mr. julianne moore -RRB- . reverse the genders of the male stereotypes and there would have been an outcry of political incorrectness . do n't waste your time . one would think that with this many stupendous actors that something better could have been made of it all but alas ... it was terrible !
 ... that this film is a great disservice to the novel * Mrs. Dalloway * , if not to Woolf herself . I am tired of everybody focusing on Woolf 's death and illness more than on her life and work . In `` The Hours , '' even her novel comes across as suffused with the aimless futility of the film . And if we wanted to be accurate , why not show Woolf in her occasional `` riding the crest of the wave '' phase of bipolar disorder , instead of always so moony and depressingly wise.Woolf 's work is varied and rich and provides the movement and life that this movie does not have by a long shot . I did not like the scene where Meryl Streep collapses in the kitchen in front of her gay friend 's gay lover -- the message of `` The Hours '' in this scene seemed to be
 I looked forward with anticipation to watching this movie after I saw a trailer for it . I was greatly disappointed with it . Jumping between 4-5 time frames to women who you did n't know what their basic malfunction was made the movie very hard to understand . I had no clue until the credits were rolling that the one lady was supposed to be Virginia Wolfe , probably because I missed the clues . But why these woment were depressed , who was Richard and why was he in the one woman 's life -LRB- Streep -RRB- , were never answered . All in all it was not entertaining . Maybe if you have a degree in literature it might have made more sense , but as someone who has never read Virginia Wolfe 's work -LRB- nor do I care to -RRB- it was a senseless and boring movie . My copy is going out the the thrift store . Maybe someone else will enjoy it . I 'm just glad we got it cheap at a library sale as I would have hated to pay full price for it .
 I thought this story was very slow and boring . I only made it through about 30 minutes of it but that was enough for me . Maybe , given more time , it would have picked up its pace .
 This movie has beautiful acting and cinematography but it is difficult to pick up the various threads and make sense of them , particularly if you are unfamiliar with the Virginia Wolfe novel , `` Mrs. Dalloway '' . The movie centers around three women , Virginia Wolfe , played by a hard-to-recognize Nicole Kidman ; an unhappy young housewife from the 50 's , played by Julianne Moore ; and a modern-day woman played by Meryl Streep . Their stories interweave with one another and there are common themes of mental illness , lesbianism and unhappy women with death wishes . Not exactly light entertainment ! There were times when I wanted to tell the main characters to snap out of it and get on with life rather than wallow in the melancholy and self-pity which they display . This is a movie designed more for art than for entertainment , so be forewarned .
 Please understand that I knew going in that this was a highly rated film that has a large adoring audience . But I will always give an honest assessment of how I react to a film . Maybe my expectations were too high . No , that 's not it , at all . I really did n't know what to expect.This is three stories spun loosely into one . Set decades apart , in the 1920 's , 1950 's and 1990 's , three women lead very comfortable but miserably unfulfilling lives . They mope about , drowning in self-pity , wishing they were happy , but doing nothing to achieve that goal . They seem to luxuriate in their own angst . Oh , sweet sorrow ... Bah ! These women are largely unsympathic characters with no discernable qualities other than their deep dissatisfaction with their upper-middle class existence . I 'm just glad that I rented this rather than seeing it in a theater , where I 'd have paid so much more for two hours of sheer boredom .
 Surely you have seen or at least heard of Clint Eastwood 's `` The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly ? '' Well `` The Hours '' would more appropriately be titled `` The Insane , the Unhappy , and the Confused . '' Yes it was beautifully filmed . Yes it was well acted . But what is the point ? Oh , by the halfway mark I had consumed 2.5 bourbons so maybe I missed the point . If you are male , stay away . And if you have a wife or girlfriend , keep her away from it .
 After all of Meryl Streep 's successes we had just about concluded that If Meryl Streep was in the movie , it would be a winner especially when you add in the rest of the remarkable cast . Unfortunately the movie turned out to be a maelstrom of depression feeding on depression . We could not even finish the film . Others may see some redeeming qualities that we missed .
 The Hours left me with a sense of emptiness . Although the performances of Meryl Streep , Nicole Kidman , Julianne Moore and Ed Harris were at times brilliant , I found the story to be an artistic tribute to sadness , dispair and confusion . The intertwining stories left me often confused and discouraged by the inability of the characters to do anything positive to change their lives . Instead they focus on death as a solution and give the impression that everything in life is hopeless . This is another case of Hollywood trying to show how intellectual it can be and missing the point .
 Wow - this is the slowest movie I 've seen in a long time . Slow slow slow . Any other Harrison Ford move is way better . I think this is by far his worse flick and the worst and slowest I 've seen in a long time . I kept checking how much time was left and looking for places I could fast forward a quick 30-90 seconds . Yuck.Reviews are 1-5 stars which makes average a 3 -LRB- 1 +5 -RRB- / 2 instead of an average of 2.5 -LRB- 0 +5 -RRB- / 2 which would be true if one could give 0 stars . Being the worse flick I 've seen in a long time , I would give it a 0 if possible . Mentally I subtract about 1/2 point from averages overall reviews to get a more accurate product rating .
 Unfortunately , like most movies of this type , the plot simply is n't credible . Might as well watch batman or some such .
 I would love to buy this movie on DVD , but only after good features have been added . First of all , widescreen . No DVD should be released without the original aspect ratio . Second , this Paris-based movie should have full French language support . I checked other regions for this DVD and it * is * available in widescreen with French , but not here in Region 1 -LRB- where both English and French are official languages -- both languages should be supported in both audio and subtitles on all Region 1 DVDs -RRB- . Other DVD features , such as audio commentaries , featurettes , and other forms of information , would be much appreciated .
 Should have been written as acceptable or even worse . Plastic covering had cuts in it and the paper cover was cut and very scuffed .
 This could have been one of the best films of the 80 's . All of the components are there . Ford gives the best acting of his career . The production is elegant and holds up as often breathtaking even by today 's standards . Two things however really bring this movie down.The major negative here I believe is Polanski 's insistence on starring Emmanuelle Seigner . This is one of the sexiest women I have ever seen grace a film , but it is the understatement of the year to say that she ca n't act at all . In fact , I think that she might have just about turned in the worst acting performance I have ever seen in this film and it totally destroys Ford 's performance . When the film was over I thought about it and came to the conclusion that there is really two halves here . The first half is dynamite ; the second with Seigner is a totally different beast , your average stupid kid thriller . Watch this film and dare contradict my statement here . Get beyond her obvious good looks and tell me she just was not meant for this part . It 's so bad that Ford fades into the background in any scene that she was also in.OK , the second negative in this film are these two agents that keep popping up . There is no explanation ever given as to how they knew where Ford and Seigner would be time and time again . It really ruins what could have been a very nicely done and subtle plot . They were never needed and muddle an otherwise great story.I am really kind of mad with Polanski here . He destroyed what could have been one of the better films he has made . And this statement comes from one who worships the ground Polanski walks on .
 I got this from my grandma when she bought my DVD player for my 8th grade graduation . I expected a great movie but I was so wrong and found myself falling asleep and stopping it . I had to turn it off a number of times before i could finish the full viewing . All i can say that is good about this film is the acting and the great score . I like the type of noir sound that is in the score . with a little more action this would be excellent .
 Frantic ? Hardly ! This poorly-directed and produced film really rides on the back of Harrison Ford and a few , albeit short , scenes of fast action , none of which really amount to creating much suspense . The character of Sondra is poorly depicted by Betty Buckley , an actress whose small part should have served the role of building sympathy for her plight . Instead her brief moments at the beginning of the film tend to disengage the audience . There is never any great compassion developed for her as Buckley unwittingly portrays her character as snobbish , difficult , and unloveable to some degree . In terms of directing , Polanski misses the mark as there is rarely any sense of urgency or parallel understanding transferred over to the audience ; the movie is disjointed at times . It would be easy to become as ambivalent about the whole thing as the French police . I would recommend a strong pot of coffee for this one .
 This is an excellent polanski film for personal film noir . Ford does a great yet subliminal character formed from a simple plot to recover his wife from a mysterious disapearance . An involved story that is more eclectic than straight forward in it 's telling ...
 After I watched this , I was frantically trying to get my money back . Having been too young to see it when it came out in the theaters , I thought that I 'd give it a try on DVD . I 've loved pretty much everything that Ford has been , but this one certainly does not go on my list . I think that the basic premis of the movie is a good one ... man and wife go to exotic foreign city , woman vanishes from hotel room , man scratches his head , hotel offers no clue , man goes crazy -LRB- or becomes frantic , i guess -RRB- ... but the main chunk of the movie , the ` frantic ' part , is put together poorly . . it is hard to follow , at best , and the collection of characters that Ford encounters is a blur . This movie is best watched on cable on a Sunday afternoon as you fall asleep on the couch . . do NOT waste your money on a personal copy of the DVD !
 When one feels excitement , anxiety or uncertainty concerning the events that may or may not happen . I felt * none * of these things while watching Frantic . I felt completely bored out of my mind . Harrison Ford 's wife suddenly walks out of their hotel room one day and she never returns . She 's now missing . It happens in such a nonchalant way that you think the movie is only teasing you with plenty of excitement about to enter the picture shortly after but ... it never happens.Throughout the movie Harrison Ford goes to flower shops where the people can barely speak english , police departments that make a mockery out of Harrison 's situation -LRB- which made zero sense to me -RRB- and cocaine-dealing nightclubs all in an attempt to figure out what happened to his wife.Where is the suspense ? WHERE ?!?! It 's not here . Instead it 's an excruciatingly slow-moving storyline from the late 80 's that may have been appealing back then when such bland storytelling was able to get a free pass from time to time , but definitely not nowadays . I highly recommend avoiding it .
 FRANTIC is not among the best of Polanski 's movies , in fact it represents one step in his decline . However , he is/was a serious filmmaker , and the movie deserves to be presented in its correct 1:85 to 1 format.The same goes for ARTHUR , the same goes for CHARLEY VARRICK . Also MOSCOW ON THE HUDSON , perhaps Paul Mazursky 's best movie , full screen only . Very good movies incomprehensibly marketed in full screen.I would be delighted to see My Cousin Vinnie or American Pie released full screen , because they deserve it . Junk release for junk movie.Do not even think about buying this .
 This movie was very slow and did n't have a story line . I would not reccomend it to anyone ! Big wast of time !
 The movie is really excellent , 4 stars anyway . The following comments pertain to the quality of the transfer to DVD . In that respect , let 's make sure we 're on the same page . On the spine of the case of this DVD is the WB logo , the designation `` DVD Video '' , and the number 11787 . In the back description on the case , it is designated
 This is a fairly entertaining thriller with a nice performance by Harrison Ford in his standard ` everyman ' role to recommend it . Unfortunately Emmanuelle Seigner looks lost in her role and gets blown off the screen in every scene she and Ford share . But be warned , this DVD lacks any bonus materials and can only be viewed in pan/scan mode . There are no titles , no chapter index , not even a selection menu at the beginning of the movie -LRB- no features to select from -RRB- . It does n't seem as if the picture has been enhanced nor has the sound been remastered . Pretty lame .
 If you hope , as I did , that the 2001 and 2003 reviews that warn against the lousy transfer of this move do not apply to the 2004 edition , this is unfortunately not the case . The 2004 transfer looks like a bootleg made from a VHS tape . Why is Warner treating this movie so crappily ? It is an excellent film and deserves a DVD release that does it justice .
 Great movie , but what 's with the pan and scan dvd ? Polanski is a great director and his movie needs a better treatment on dvd . How about widescreen please ? This is a great film and it would be nice to see all of the image as the director intended . Thanks in advance .
 I love the movie and am returning this product . I already have it in a VHS ... was looking for the DVD and misread what I was purchasing . Nothing wrong with the company just my error in reading .
 I sent this to my husband who is serving our country overseas . He loves land before time movies and I wanted him to feel comforted by the cute cartoon while he has to be away from his family during the holidays . It did not arrive on time and when it did arrive it did not play . We are now ALL very disapointed .
 I remember watching the first couple of these as a kid and enjoyed them quite a bit . I did n't remember that they turned them into almost musicals after the first one however . This is a great childrens movie , but nothing really there for adults .
 This series of videos is scary for young children . Do not let the G rating fool you . I watched the video with my three year old son who loves dinosaurs and he was scared during several of the scenes . Also there is a lot of name-calling and teasing in the videos . Not something I want my child learning . Very poorly done story lines . Pick Dinosaur Train or Dino Dan instead !
 I did not like this movie at all , and I have taken it out of our collection and put it in the trash . The only reason that I did n't like this movie is because of the bullies in it that pester Little Foot and his friends . It is negative , and have found my two year old son starting to act out some of the behaviours that the bullies do in this movie.Get it if you wish , but I do n't recommend it .
 I could n't understand if they were speaking language or else not . Sometimes I lay awake at night and wonder if this is how those graceful creatures spoke to each other . Although this movie was a bit too artsy for me , I still thought it was pretty good even though I could n't understand what they were saying . Overall , this is my third favorite Land Before Time movie , only the seventh and the ninth are much better . Littlefoot still rules the Jurassic Period .
 My big sister and my big brother are big fans of LBT although they do n't understand why I hate LBT . I hate it beacuse of the stupidity of the charactors , crappy morals , bad acting and the particular use of sarcasm and picking on eachother.Anyway , My Big Brother and My Big Sister tricked me into getting this movie and after watching it , I noticed that during the Bullying scenes , my cousin and my nephew were getting evil smirks on their fat little faces . It sure was a good thing I brought earplugs with me because I sure needed them during the songs . These retarded charactors have awful voices . I have also noticed that some of the charactors have evolved and I have put them here : Littlefoot
 `` Hip '' the young bully dinosaur refers to Littlefoot , Cera and the other young dinosaurs as big babies . He also uses the words stupid and dumb . This is very unfortunate for an otherwise wonderfully creative concept . I now find myself trying to explain to a 2 year old that these are unacceptable things to say ...
 Not a good movie for young children , very sassy , bullies and bad language for young children . You wonder where they get some of the things they say these days ... well examples like this movie .
 I ca n't believe that there are so many good reviews of this movie on Amazon . This movie absolutely stunk . You knew exactly what was going on 20 minutes into it . I kept watching , hoping that there would be some twist that would save it ... but there was n't . Believe me folks , this movie is pretty darn close to being as bad as The Postman or The Patriot . I ordinarily do n't write reviews , but the reviewers so far must be related to the filmmakers or paid to say nice things or something . This movie is an insult to intelligent movie-goers . Fair warning .
 This film really is n't as clever as it would like to be . Most of the performances are disappointing and the dialogue has no subtlety which makes it almost insulting to its audience 's intelligence . Plus , the multiple plot twists at the end seem unoriginal now that the trend is so overused.This film could have had some real surprises and raised some real questions . It should have been much better .
 You all know the story by now . Jesus , just read the other reviews . I 'm not here to retell the story . The plot progressed rather nicely , and each plot peak -LRB- or twist -RRB- became larger throughout the film . True , I guessed the ending as well , so it was kind of anti-climactic . But eh ... what can ya do ? It still pleased me . There were rather disturbing moments that slap you in the face , but it was a good effect . I enjoyed the fact that I could recognize where some scenes were shot , since I 've been on UTAustin 's campus numerous times and it brought in some reality that I personally enjoyed -LRB- thus the slight bias -RRB- . The acting was well done -LRB- I did n't expect anything less from Spacey -RRB- , but I found Winslet 's character to be slightly stale and rather morbid . She seemed to wear only black , never smiled through the whole movie -LRB- smirks do n't count -RRB- , and her emotions ranged between being scared or sobbing to sarcastic bitterness . I forgot journalists never use the rest of the emotion scheme -LRB- note the sarcasm -RRB- . Everyone else was decently believable but did n't leave a grand impression pertaining to character depth . Including Laura Linney , which had me rather disappointed.In any case , the story is what drives this film , and thus far , I 'd have no problem with giving this film 4 stars . But sadly enough , it 's bumped down to 2 stars thanks to Alan Parker the director . The disturbing `` flashback '' transitions between past and present not only made me chuckle , but they reminded me of a mix between the campy 1966 Batman movies with Fincher 's Seven . The transitions were completely unnecessary and actually rather annoying with the twirling scenes juxtaposed with written words . As for a suspense/thriller , the scenes were filmed in a traditional style with bland angles that actually took away from the story . Loosen up , Alan!As for mistakes , editing or otherwise , I did n't see too many . I recall one , when the cowboy guy was being his usual stalker self , listening to opera music in his truck . As he started the car , radios or CD players usually reset themselves due to the surge of electricity from the engine starting , but when he started his old clunker , the music kept on playing . Minor mistake , but there we go . A good plot , but tainted with flat characters & even flatter directing .
 This movie looked bad from the theatrical previews , but I saw it anyway because a friend of mine wanted to check it out . Unfortunately , I was not pleasantly surprised.The main problem with The Life of David Gale is that the `` surprise '' ending was painfully obvious after about 45 minutes , so much so that I whispered to my friend that , since I knew what was going to happen anyway , I was tempted to leave and she could tell me later that I was right . I eneded up staying , and much to my chagrin , not only was I right , but they tried to split the surprise ending into two separate twists rather than consolidating them and saving me some time.The purpose of a suspense film is to be suspenseful . That 's why most suspense films do n't lend themselves to repeat viewings unless they 're exceptionally well made . However , if a suspense film fails to deliver a surprise when you watch it the first time , then it can only be described as a collosal failure.On an unrelated and admittedly minor note
 So many reviews already . Let 's keep this short . Has anyone mentioned the absurdity of making a ! Texas ! ! Death ! ! Penalty ! ! Movie ! AND COMPLETELY LEAVE OUT RACE ?!? Yikes . Yes , the red herrings are annoying , but this is even worse for being Mississippi Burning all over again.Why do writers and directors think that they can preach the hard-line about a serious topic ... while making a 2nd rate thriller of the month ? For that matter , why do otherwise smart actors think that they can act there way out of a hot-house mess of a script ? Spacey , Winslet and Linney are always fun to watch , but what a waste of talent .
 The DVD is a good transfer with decent sound . The `` extras '' are worth watching.That said , I generally agree with most of the other comments posted here . The story-line does n't work . There is a plot `` device '' right in the beginning
 As a film student I have read many theories on film by many different theorists . One of the common ideas that come up in several of the major theories is the idea that a film manipulates an audience to feel , emote and think what the film maker intends . Hitchock was the master of such a technique . In `` The Life of David Gale '' this idea is used in a way that humiliates the audience . It 's almost as if director Alan Parker is watching over your shoulder the entire film and is laughing at you in the end . This is a very gripping film . I found myself really wrapped up in the story , trying to figure out the puzzle and also eagerly awaiting the story to unfold and the answers to be revealed . However , this could n't be more of a let down . After all the excitement , the ending leaves me -LRB- and apparently many viewers , including Roger Ebert -RRB- disgusted and angry . The entire story was all rubbish . The ending makes no sense , because it is not explained in anyway . I usually do n't like it when a film ends with a little ribbon on top and there are no questions left unanswered but this one really needs one . It 's probably worth seeing , but beware !
 This would have been a boring propaganda film except for some frenzied camera work and many clues and events designed SOLELY to keep you from turning off the propaganda . In fact , the whole plot line with the `` journalist racing against time to find out the truth '' is nothing more than a red herring to keep you watching . Surprisingly , the putative `` real '' theme -LRB- propaganda against the death penalty -RRB- , is ALSO a red herring . Therefore , most people will feel cheated after being deceived by this movie.The real theme that permeates every minute of this movie is that there are two types of people in this world , and the death penalty is merely a litmus test to distinguish them . People who oppose the death penalty are intelligent , educated , and caring people who know how to have fun , and those who disagree -LRB- Republicans -RRB- are stupid mean racists . Examples of the people the movie targets are Texans , George Bush , people with southern accents , and even people who wear cowboy hats and drive pickup trucks . Therefore , many people will be insulted by this movie.If you want to see this film because it opposes the death penalty , you may still feel cheated and insulted because it contains nothing you will find new , thought provoking , or an example of how to be persuasive . However , the movie IS persuasive . It is masterful in its consistent but subtle demonization of Republicans , Southerners , etc. .
 Another liberal tear-jerking flick . The `` surprise '' ending is supposed to make us feel bad and finally see the light about how evil the dp is . Instead my wife and I got the feeling that maybe justice was served after all . Typically all the pro-dp characters in the movie are one-dimensional cartoons . They 're all idiot bible-thumpers , including the governor who is of course a direct ripoff of George Bush . The plot is unbelievable , and when the final plot `` twist '' is revealed , I not only was glad for what happened in the movie to Spacey , I wanted to see the same justice done to the people who made this turkey . Another two plus hours of my life that I ca n't get back .
 An innocent man is executed for the murder he did not commit . The crucial evidence for his innocence arrives five minutes after he is put to death . And everybody suffers
 Watched this mostly bad movie last night . Kevin Spacey is interesting playing a drunk , but he does n't play effectively seductive , particularly villainous or necessarily vague ever . He 's shown more depth and more believability in other roles . The always-bankable Laura Linney was decent in it , but , on the whole , the film absolutely blew . Kate Winslet was completely annoying , doing wildly implausible and ridiculous things.I 'd figured out their big , special twist five minutes into the first flashback . Since the film is so clearly anti-death penalty , it does n't even bother to notice that the State of Texas and the Death Penalty itself are not villains at the end because of the odd twist.Before the key flashbacks , as well , there were quick cuts to words on paper , in chalkboards . Then , the camera would spin . That was the most annoying bit of editing I 'd ever seen.RAPE , REPUTATION , ACCUSATION , MURDER - the signs would flash.In my seat , I wanted a notebook to hold up to the screen . BORED , SILLY , PREDICTABLE , TEDIOUS , IRRITATING , PREACHY.There have been good , interesting movies made about the death penalty . Rent THE WIDOW OF ST. PIERRE or DEAD MAN WALKING . Do n't bother with this .
 Death penalty opponent David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- , himself imprisoned on Death Row for the murder of a fellow activist -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , tells his story to a newspaper reporter -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- supposedly so that she can clear his name . This well-made film with its excellent cast starts out well but soon becomes implausible and silly . It may appear to be anti-death penalty propaganda , but the illogical surprise resolution of the story reveals it to be completely ambivalent . While masquerading as a serious film , it is actually an overwritten mystery with a dunderhead plot that portrays those on both sides of the issues as fools or worse -- gun-toting good ol' boys on one side and dishonest crazies on the other . If it does n't offend you regarding your position on the death penalty , it should offend you as a lover of good movies .
 There is a serious , thoughtful film that revolves around the death penalty issue ... but it 's not this one . It 's called DEAD MAN WALKING . And even though it stars liberal actors Susan Sarandon and Sean Penn under the direction of uber-liberal Tim Robbins , that film considers all sides to the issue and does n't come up with any easy answers . Definitely check that one out.But THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE , despite some powerhouse actors , is a train wreck of a movie.The plot itself does n't just concede that the anti-death penalty activists can not win the debate on their own arguments , it would also have a tough time winning its argument using every lie and manipulation in their bag of tricks ... kind of like the Democratic Party right now.With each revelation , usually always in the form of a videocassette hanging in a motel room , you get the idea that the activists would do anything -- in fact , the very crime that would call for a death penalty -- to get their point across and to impose their beliefs on everyone . I believe that 's called fanaticism . Ultimately , there are no innocent victims in this story and in some weird way , you end up disliking them for their fraudulent behavior at manipulating a serious issue.Is something worth winning if you have to lie to everyone to get it?This could 've been a completely different movie if that had been considered . And that movie would 've had characters you cared about.But not this one . -LRB- Still love Laura Linney though . -RRB-
 I did n't see this movie when it came out , largely because I knew it was a strident anti-death penalty movie -LRB- with this being said
 I was told to watch this movie by people claiming it was , `` The best ever '' , `` keeps you on the edge of your seat '' , `` The ending was amazing '' . I disagreed with all three of those people , especially that last one!What starts off as being a highly interesting and thought provoking suspenseful drama , soon turns into predictable and preachy dreck . The `` surprise '' ending can be figured out by anyone with a couple of brain cells 45 minutes into the movie.The actors were great , but really , if you want a GOOD Alan Parker movie , skip this and rent `` Angel Heart '' .
 The Life of David Gale revolves around hot-to-trot reporter Bitzy Bloom -LRB- why the screenwritter chose that name out of every other name in the world I will never know . -RRB- Bitzy -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- is to interview former college professer and well known death row abolitionist David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- . Ironically enough he is on death row for the rape and murder of one of his colleges/friends played by Laura Linney.Now , Bisty has three days to figure out if Davids story of being framed is true , and who the real culprit is.SOUNDS ORIGINAL AND INTRUIGING EH ? NOT REALLY.This was a big suprise especially from director Alan Parker who has brought us classics like Angel Heart and Midnight Express.Where the movie failed is where 2/3 of thrillers these days do , comming up with an original plotline without the overuse of cliches and wannabe twists . This movie is full of both.While Kevin Spacey underplays the role and delivers a rock solid performance , Titanic chick Kate Winselt overacts to the point of no return . This makes the film even more unbeliveable.Laura Linney delivers a belivable and moving performance as the over-zelick death row abolitionist who will stop at nothing to prove a cause . Unfortunatly neither Spacey or Linney 's performances can save a screenplay that uses the `` out of service '' cell phone cliche and is expected to be taken seriously.I understand what The Life of David Gale was trying to deliver in terms of its message on death row and capital punishment , but it did not need to be delivered to us in a package marked cliche .
 I really wanted to like this movie . I like everybody in it . But in the end -LRB- without blowing the story -RRB- , it was a farcical tale about a bunch of fanatics who are so obsessed with their singular ideal that when we learn the truth about what is going on , they become so completely unsympathetic to the point of being moronic.If the filmmakers were trying to make a film showing the pointlessness of being such an individual , then I would have to say , `` Job well done . ''
 SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW.I saw this one in the movie theaters . I left the theater angry and frustrated . Not because of the U.S. death penalty . But because of this movie ! David Gale , who loves to give the middle finger to `` the system '' , pulls the ultimate flip-off in this film . The screenplay tries very hard to justify it , but I could not stomach the actions he takes . In order to prove his point , Gale participates in a fake suicide -- morally reprehensible ! The writer tries to justify this -LRB- she was dying of cancer anyway , who cares if she decides to kill herself/sacrifice herself for a `` just '' cause ?? -RRB- but it does n't float in my book.The actions that our `` hero '' takes in this film undermine the argument against the death penalty ! It makes `` liberals '' appear desperate and a little nuts . I wanted DAVID GALE to present an honest , good argument against the death penalty . Instead , a mediocre `` who done it '' story is `` hung '' on the death penalty scenario . The writer throws in some poorly placed arguments -LRB- usually as background dialogue ; usually statistics -RRB- against the death penalty , but fails to win anyone over -- especially with the ENDING !! So , I have BIG PROBLEMS with this movie . Heroes do n't `` win '' by pulling tricks like David Gale does . Heroes win because they are right , stick to their guns -- and are supported by THE TRUTH.I 'd skip this film . The ending will outrage you -- it did me .
 `` The Life of David Gale '' fashions a staged rape as a warm-up and an the reenactment of a brutal crime as an encore . The center ring is a real treat -- the crime itself , a woman handcuffed and stripped naked , left to suffocate with a plastic bag taped around her throat.What a cruel , despicable movie . It pretends to be about anti-death penalty activists and the lengths to which they will go to prove their point that the death penalty is wrong , but it is not a point that should be made by the activists , nor the movie . The death penalty is too important an issue to be tied up in such a crude , mean-spirited thriller.Kevin Spacey barely registers as David Gale , a former University of Texas professor and leader of Deathwatch , who is now slated to get the death penalty for the murder of Deathwatch colleague Constance Holloway -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- . Gale , a brilliant , often drunk hothead , got put on the world 's disavowed list after being falsely accused of rape by a expelled grad student . The fake rape itself is a real treat , shown in all its brutal glory . Gale 's wife , a philanderer herself , nonetheless takes the opportunity to stick it to him , taking Gale 's son to Spain -- Gale will never see him again -- and e-mailing him to ask for a divorce . `` P.S. '' the note says , `` I 'm selling the house . `` About that point I 'm thinking , oh boy . But then Gale , who was a tenured professor and must have saved up some money along the way , moves into a tenement apartment building , complete with a pool filled with mud , where he spends his days calling Spain again and again and again . Uh-huh . How Constance dies , and why , you can discover , if you wish . There is little doubt as Gale 's fate on the row , nor his role in Constance 's death , if you 're paying much attention . What 's so offensive is that the movie makes all of this seem honorable , which it is most certainly not , and does so by playing up the miseries of Gale 's life beyond any reasonable standard , and squeezing a little harder for effect.Spacey plays Gale like a fool . No subtlety here ; it 's like he means to act as he 's being informed by the tag team K-Pax and Verbal on how to do it . Once the whole truth is `` revealed , '' you understand the performance , but you do n't admire it . The reverse is true for Laura Linney , who bravely plays a sad , sweet , caring , forgiving school marm who makes a decision we can not possibly comprehend . Was she crazy ? Influenced ? We do n't know . The movie , because it is not about her choice but about throwing smoke into the moviegoers eyes , will not discuss it.I have not mentioned Kate Winslet . She plays the reporter to whom Gale tells his story ; she is essentially used in a sickening , cruel way . I am not sure what she is doing in this movie , a slave to the idiocy of her role , going to and fro like a plot puppet.I love Kate Winslet.She is a master at divining the center of a role -- much like Meryl Streep -- and seeing that core through ; she creates three dimensions where there have only been one to begin with . She can play lead , she can support , she can sidekick ; there are few actors better at filling in the blanks.But she is powerless here . Absolutely powerless . In terms of intelligence and ferocity , she is Spacey 's equal , and yet she is under a virtual spell in his presence . Why?My guess is Winslet followed the lead of the director , Alan Parker , and Spacey , for she thought she was in league with kings . And , at times , both Parker and Spacey have done great work . But both are given to shameless grandstanding and intellectual subversion , and it serves them both very poorly here.I 'm sure they 're proud of the statement they have made , and the brutality with which they made it , but `` The Life of David Gale '' could n't have been any worse if George W. Bush himself sat onscreen and preached for two hours .
 `` The Life of David Gale '' is an equal opportunity offender in that it makes both those who support and those who oppose the death penalty look equally venal , conniving and foolish . I do n't think that was the INTENTION of writer Charles Randolph and director Alan Parker - since the theme of the film is based on the premise that an innocent man can indeed be falsely executed - but that is the unfortunate impression we are left with once the bizarre plot twists and convolutions have played themselves out.It is four days before David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- , an ex-college professor convicted of raping and killing a female colleague -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , is scheduled for execution . The twist is that Gale used to be one of the most vocal opponents against capital punishment in all of Texas , and now he is on Death Row . Catch the irony ? Gale has decided to open up to a single reporter , `` Bitsey '' Bloom -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- , in an attempt to have her go out and prove his innocence , if not for his own sake , at least for the sake of his young son . The film becomes a typical race-against-time melodrama with Bitsey and her cohort , intern reporter Zack -LRB- Gabriel Mann -RRB- , piecing together the clues as to what actually happened on that fateful day years earlier , in an effort to stave off the inevitable while the clock ticks down and the wheels of Texas justice grind inexorably on . `` The Life of David Gale '' is a reasonably entertaining thriller provided you do n't apply too much common sense or logic to the matters at hand . In fact , the film 's admittedly absurd plot contrivances do manage to keep us guessing most of the way through . Spacey , Winslet and Linney give it their all , even if that means occasionally going over the top to match the overheated nature of the material they have to work with . My biggest complaint with the film is that the overly clever denouement , though it serves its purpose as an acceptable `` shocker , '' really undercuts the entire film we have just sat through since it turns Gale into a complete and utter liar in terms of everything he has said up to that point . What purpose is served by having him pour out this tale of innocence to Bitsey if he knows she is going to find out the truth later on anyway ? It 's really a case of a convicted man inflicting cruel and unusual punishment on an innocent party who just wants to help him . -LRB- Protecting the son 's memory of him seems a tenuous reason at best -RRB- . Besides , the duplicity underlying the abolitionists ' actions would more likely turn the general public AGAINST their cause than win it many new converts . Even though the filmmakers ' sympathies obviously lie with those upholding the anti-capital punishment position , the `` sincere '' protestors depicted in the film do n't always seem like the sharpest tools in the shed . `` The Life of David Gale '' has its moments as social drama fantasy , but for a real , serious study of the death penalty issue , check out the great `` Dead Man Walking '' instead .
 I like complex films but this was too much , too implausible , too ridiculous to be beleived . Worst of all this film was , at times , just plain sickening to watch . It took an especially twisted Hollyweird mind to come up with this garbage . Hey , no surprise .
 This movie was far too contrived and unoriginal to make it even a midly interesting viewing . Kevin Spacey was not in his top form in this movie , and combined with the horrible plotting and pacing the movie is a near-catastrophe . Unless you are a hardcore Spacey or Winslet fan , I would avoid viewing this film .
 I do n't understand pure liberal thinking and I probably never will . I also do n't understand why and how academics get away with sounding so silly sometimes . But most importantly I do n't understand why a film like THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE could get made . A film so patronizing it was designed to do one thing . What is that do you ask
 I still ca n't see what `` the point '' was that the movie supposedly makes in `` a compelling and interesting way '' . Was its point supposed to be that innocent people can be and sometimes are put to death under US law ? If so , then its point is silly , because most of us already acknowledge this fact -LRB- however we stand on the issue of the death penalty -RRB- . There is nothing profound or enlightening , or even interesting , about the point at all , if that is what it is supposed to be.Or is the movie 's point supposed to be that extremists sometimes go to great lengths to prove things that everyone already acknowledges ? Maybe that 's true . But the Life of David Gale not only has a `` slim '' possibility of transpiring in `` real life '' , but actually is impossible to take seriously WITHIN THE CONFINES OF THE STORY ITSELF , because David Gale is supposed to be not just an extremist but also a very intelligent person . Why would SUCH A PERSON go to * any * lengths to prove something already so obvious as the fact that innocents can and are sometimes put to death under US law ?
 Why either of these actors -LRB- Spacey and Winslett -RRB- got involved in this silly and insincere film is beyond me . Sure , if you put aside the subject matter , it could be deemed an entertaining , over the top , predictable , plodding , badly scripted thriller . However , to disregard the seriousness and worthiness of the subject matter here in such a crass way made me retch.Yes , there 's a twist at the end -LRB- as is the norm nowadays for films striving to be ` clever ' -RRB- but you will have sussed it out well before it happens .
 This film disappoints me . You take Kate Winslet -LRB- MY FAVORITE WORKING ACTRESS , PERIOD -RRB- , the phenomenal Kevin Spacey , the brilliant Laura Linney and the sultry Rhona Mitra , team them up with 2-Time Oscar nominated director Alan Parker and hand them the controversial subject of the death penalty and yet , when all is said and done , there is just something so off here.How does something like this happen?I admit , when I first saw this movie I really liked it , and I think that a lot of it had to do with the preconceived notions I would n't allow myself to see past . I wanted this to be all sorts of brilliant , and when it fell short I convinced myself that I was n't seeing what I was in fact seeing.I have to face the truth.The film follows a reporter , Bitsey Bloom -LRB- the name is the first of many missteps -RRB- , as she attempts to prove the innocence of former teacher David Gale who is accused of brutally murdering his friend Constance Harraway . He maintains his innocence despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary . His story sends Bitsey on a journey into the darkness that surrounded Constance 's death.A journey that is rather pointless.The film cuts back and forth between the present and past to develop the character 's and establish David 's innocence and keep the viewer on constant edge as they race against the clock with Bitsey to uncover the truth . There are the obvious creeps -LRB- Matt Craven is a ridiculously overworked clich&eacute; here -RRB- who have to be involved somehow , but the most ambiguous character is David himself , who just seems to be a lost soul . My issue here is that , when all is said and done and the twist upon a twist is finally revealed , it becomes apparent that the journey David sends Bitsey on is POINTLESS.It was all something that could have been revealed in a much easier way.The acting is a little all over the place , which is said when you consider the cast . To be honest , despite the absurdity of the film itself , Spacey is actually very , very good . He really captures the destitution of this man , which is given multiple layers when the end is revealed and you see that his depressive nature is not really a result of his ` impending death ' but more or less because of his conscience weighing heavy on his shoulders . The script did n't deserve his dedication to the role . Laura Linney is effective , but her character comes off less human and more clich&eacute; . Like I said , Winslet = the greatest actress working today , BUT , her performance here is weak . She just does n't do anything . I disagree with some friends who say she is Razzie worthy here -LRB- that is just plain dumb -RRB- , but she does n't deserve any accolades for this one . It 's is a barely there , somewhat uneven -LRB- thanks to the thankless script -RRB- and desperate performance.In the end it is the horribly constructed script that does this film in . It has an important message -LRB- the controversy surrounding the death penalty being legal murder is a strong one -RRB- but it is a message that has been perfectly developed in much better films -LRB- ` Dead Man Walking ' is one of the best films EVER MADE -RRB- . This is a pointless , messy and aggravating film that had all the elements to be perfection but wound up being a BIG mistake .
 Some idiot sets himself up so that he has to get executed in order to convince society that it 's wrong to execute him . This would make a pretty good Three Stooges plot ; Larry and Curley set up Moe so he has to slap them so he can see how unjust it is to slap them.The statistical fact is that capital punishment is 100 % successful as a deterrent to murder ; every murderer who 's ever received capital punishment has never murdered again .
 In the 1800s , this story would have clearly been called `` a humbug '' , which today means a fraud . This movie is one long fraud , and a really preachy one at that . A complete waste of my time . The makers of this movie probably do n't realize that they just come across as preachy , liberal Hollywood types telling everybody else to become enlightened.As with other reviewers , I agree that if you want to see a thoughtful film that examines the death penalty , buy `` Dead Man Walking '' with Sean Penn and Susan Sarandon - now that 's a film worth watching .
 The film is directed by Alan Parker -LRB- British -RRB- , who picked up this script written by Charles Randolph , formerly professor of philosophy teaching in Vienna . And titular ` David Gale ' is a man waiting for execution in Death Row in , you know , the State of Texas , which sooner or later reminds us of one US President.Yes , using the form of thriller , the film is trying to be provocative , and that is about death penalty . David Gale , played by Kevin Spacey , is sentenced to death , and now waiting for the time . He is arrested for raping and murdering Constance -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , but the great irony is that he was once known as first-rate professor of philosophy in the academic world , and more importantly , as activist for abolishing capital punishment.Just three days before the execution , David Gale appoints one journalist Elizabeth Bloom -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- , and asks to come to meet him , and write a memoir of his life . David recounts his story , and during the short period the journalist begins to suspect that he is wrongly accused for the murder.The setting is not new ; a man -LRB- or woman -RRB- in Death Row , and someone outside the wall has to prove his/her innocence . But the originality -LRB- if I may call that way -RRB- lies in the last chapter of the film , which of course I can not reveal . All I can say is that , there is a big surprise -LRB- but not exactly a difficult one to guess -RRB- -- and the surprise is not a clever one as the film believes it to be . And moreover , it has a strong social message about the ethics surrounding capital punishment , but this argument looks , to me , a real suspect . In short , it 's off-putting , even pompous.And again I say , the message is about death penality , which needs more careful treatment . ` Dead Man Walking ' was tilted to one side , to be sure , but it showed the other side 's view , if not quite adequately . I do not endorse any opinion here , and do not want to . But ` The Life of David Gale ' handles this very hot social issue so carelessly that I could not help thinking that this film is actually damaging the cause it attempts to support.As a thriller , it is not bad ; but the incredible ending , and too showy acting -LRB- from you know who -RRB- just do not help , and if they really think that they -LRB- including co-producer Nicholas Cage -RRB- can raise a hot debate about this important issue , they are utterly mistaken .
 This movie was disturbing for all the wrong reasons . First , the acting ranged from superb -LRB- Spacey -RRB- to very good -LRB- Linney -RRB- to chew the scenery big-time -LRB- Kate -RRB- . The direction was great , and so was the screenplay . The movie , however , was n't enjoyable at all . It was simply cheap exploitation . Worth watching -LRB- rent it -RRB- , but only with a hand firmly on the FF button
 I would like to start off by saying that if you have yet to see this movie you may not want to read my review . In order to discuss a movie , in which the biggest flaw is the plot , requires that I discuss the plot.The biggest problem with this film is that it tries way to hard to impress and ultimately falls completely flat . The movie 's attempts to convince us that Kevin Spacey is completely innocent are ruined as soon as you wonder why the hell it took him so long to get someone to help clear his name . Spacey claims that he just wants his son to know that he was innocent , but is willing to die . A logical person would realize that it might be better to actually be released for you crime and then go see your son , but Winslett 's character lacks any and all logic so she buys the story . Perhaps I 'm too cynical but if the Usual Suspects has taught me anything , it 's that Kevin Spacey is EVIL.My next big complaint is the fact that Winslett 's attempt to save Spacey is thwarted by her car over-heating . Her car had over-heated earlier in the film and the cruel hand of fate saw to it that it over-heat at the exact moment she was trying to save a life ; what irony ! Worse yet is how melodramatic this scene is ; I actually broke out laughing at this part of the film.The last swerve in the film is so incredibly inane that it 's almost impossible to find the right wording to insult , but I 'll try . So , Spacey 's dead and Winslett feels bad because she was n't able to save him . A package arrives for her containing another videotape , which reveals that Spacey was all a part of the suicide to make a political statement about the death penalty . Let me get this straight ; Spacey is fine with everyone knowing that he died to make a point so long as they do n't know that he was in on it ? So he then sends a tape to a reporter proving that he was ? Huh ? Well , maybe that 's not the case ; maybe he sent it just for her benefit . But then that raises this important question
 and certainly one of the most offensive . The very definition of ill-conceived , the Life of David Gale puts across a miserable view of humanity , managing to paint those on both sides of the death penalty issue as either redneck ingrates or morally bankrupt zealots . It 's impossible for me to comprehend how Kevin Spacey , Kate Winslet and the other actors involved could have waded through this peurile script and deemed it worthy of their talents . Alan Parker horribly overdirects this obnoxious mess , practically every scene has some glaring detail that annoys . Characters butter rolls endlessly or stab at the air with oversize cigars , every once and awhile a quick montage of `` significant '' words will flash by onscreen . It 's amazing that this is the same man who directed the fabulous neo-noir Angel Heart and several other worthy films . The Life of David Gale is an abomination , a shameful cinematic stinkpile that hangs a tacky thriller on the hook of an incredibly complex , quintessentially human issue . The last shot will make you want to throw your beverage of choice at the screen . Finally , something both sides of the death penalty debate can agree on .
 I have never seen such a waste of talent before in a film before . We see Kevin Spacey playing the same role he 's played a million times , then we have sell out Kate Winslet with a bad American accent and the same facial expression throughout the entire film . The only good thing about this movie is Laura Linney 's performance . Avoid this Hollywood tripe at all costs !
 In the tradition of such rip-offs of Dead Man Walking , like the Sharon Stone downer Last Dance or the Clint Eastwood race against the clock True Crime , Hollywood yet again rehashes the man on death row plot formula . This time washed up , just-looking-for-a-paycheck director Alan Parker-who once made decent films like Midnight Express and Angel Heart , and one great creative experience known as Pink Floyd The Wall-takes two time Oscar winner turned Hollywood sell-out-or is he just being used and thrown out by the big city-Kevin Spacey and makes about the most bland uninteresting clich&eacute; filled ruckus of a film against the death penalty , The Life of David Gale.David Gale -LRB- Spacey -RRB- is the head of Death Watch , an advocacy group against capital punishment . He 's also a college professor who we learn has some dark tendencies , like sleeping with one of his students in a drunken stupor . After being accused of raping this damsel in distress , David basically loses his life-his wife leaves him , he loses his job at the college and as head of Death Watch , and he becomes even more of an alcoholic than he was before.The problem with The Life of David Gale is that his life is not all that interesting . The film is obviously trying to make him human with his sexual desires and failures . But really it just makes him seem pathetic . There 's this laughable scene where Spacey is stumbling through the streets , trying to act drunk , and I just could n't keep a straight face . What happened to the Kevin Spacey that gave such a darkly humorous performance in American Beauty , to the Spacey of the cripple Verbal Kent or the detective of the stars in L. A. Confidential?What we needed here was to see David in his heyday , fighting against capital punishment , displaying his passion and his reasoning , and his fall from this . The filmmakers try to achieve all this in one scene where he faces off with the Governor of Texas on TV , clearly a jab at President Bush -LRB- and rightly so -RRB- , where he wins the battle with his wits , but loses the war because of his elitist need of being all high and mighty instead of trying to win the debate.Bitsey Bloom , Kate Winslet 's overly melodramatic reporter , is just as shallow a character as David . Are we supposed to sympathize with her just because she cries numerous times ? If this role is n't a staged ploy for an Oscar for Winslet , I do n't know what is . To top it off , Laura Linney 's disease ridden victim when David goes forth with his pity lay just brings to mind a certain image with a certain quote , `` Chloe looked how Meryl Streep 's skeleton would look if you made it smile and walk around the party being extra nice to everyone . '' -LRB- Ed Norton as narrator in Fight Club -RRB- . If you watch the film in question that indemnifies 90 's pop culture , you 'll know what I mean.The biggest problem with The Life of David Gale is its obvious attempt to focus solely on the theme of being against capital punishment . The reason Dead Man Walking worked so well is because we got to know the two main characters so well , there was humanity in Penn 's murderer , and this is what screamed that the state 's function is not to kill people . Here , these are just caricatures and we do n't really care for them.Aside from Dead Man Walking , another good example of a film against the death penalty that does n't force its cause on you is Von Trier 's Dancer in the Dark . It 's about many things , from fantasy to sacrifice , and has a message , but in the end it does n't force it on you , it makes you think , it raises questions.With The Life of David Gale , Kevin Spacey follows a dud with a dud-following up last year 's K-Pax that was Hollywood alien clich&eacute; nonsense . After taking home the Best Actor Academy Award for American Beauty , Spacey 's either sold out to Hollywood , or he 's being used . All I can say is
 Professor Dr. David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- is a fictional character . A Harvard grad , philosophical genius and teacher at the fictional Austin University in Texas -LRB- filmed at the U. of Texas , Austin -RRB- , Gale is for some reason named after the late , eminent Professor Dr. David Gale of Berkeley , one of our time 's finest mathematicians.In this story , Gale , a loudmouthed anti-death-penalty liberal idiot , has his life destroyed by a false rape charge -LRB- he 's later exonerated -RRB- . After this , he is charged with the murder of his friend and semi-companion -LRB- played by Laura Linney -RRB- . On death row , he requests a certain news reporter to come and interview him -- his first-ever interview . In it , he tells her mostly the truth , though he emphasizes certain impossible-to-make innuendo . Well , it is Follywood , people.What results is , sadly , a descent into madness and stupidity -LRB- directors/storywriters are good at that -RRB- . The reporter , handily performed by Kate Winslet , finds that David Gale was not all he pretended to be . In fact , no one in this film except the reporters is what they seem.Roger Ebert , having a luxury I have not , gave this film zero stars . His comment was that he had the desire to throw something at the screen , preferably Kevin Spacey . I can not take such a harsh view of it ; after all , it makes some kind of twisted point that is lost in padding -LRB- this thing is a good 2 hours and 15 minutes -RRB- . It did n't sell me one way or t ` other on the idea of having a death penalty . It did mention a moratorium that took place here where I live.I guess I 'd say at the time , this was a bit of tailwind Spacey picked up after the excellent MIDNIGHT IN THE GARDEN OF GOOD AND EVIL . Laura Linney had been stuffed into bit parts for a long time , and so she had her moments here too . Later she would go on to dazzle us as Abigail Adams in HBO 's JOHN ADAMS.The ever-beautiful Gabriel Mann played his role as the news intern very well , and I weep at the fact that Mann does n't get to do lots of film . He 's just gorgeous.Will this move you to march on your state capitol ? I think not . It may change your liberal ideals if you have any
 ... Despite its pretensions , The Life Of David Gale is little more than a R rated version of the sort of schlock that frequently appears on the Lifetime network . Instead of Aidan Quinn , Mary Stewart Masterson and Holly Hunter we get `` bigger '' names in the form of Spacey , Kate Winslet and Laura Linney.Unfortunately Winslet -LRB- whose had difficulty finding anything worthwhile to appear in since Titanic -RRB- spends much of the films duration struggling with an unflattering American accent . Spacey does that `` unhinged '' thing he 's now spent a decade doing and Linney appears to be doing an impersonation of Holly Hunter.Not a terrible film , just a film that appears to be a little too taken with how important it thinks it is.Oh , and the ending -LRB- like Pay It Forward -RRB- has to be seen to be believed .
 I was an extra in this film . I live in Huntsville , Texas , and I played an anti death penalty protester . Now , I 'm a liberal in real life and also against the death penalty -LRB- probably the only person IN Huntsville who is , it seems sometimes -RRB- , and even though the message of the film seems very anti death penalty itself , the film 's moralistic , preachy message made me uncomfortable . If I wanted a sermon , I 'd go to church . This is typical , liberal Hollywood propaganda . If I want to see a film addressing a controversial issue , I prefer for the film to use valid points from BOTH sides of said issue , in order to gain more understanding of what is being presented . This movie not only preached , it was mind-numbingly BORING , and the `` twist '' was easy to figure out way , way before it was revealed . It 's the kind of manipulative Hollywood tearjerker that tries to make the audience sob and howl at the `` poor plight '' of this wrongly accused man , and it 's shallow , pointless , EXCEEDINGLY cliche -LRB- ripe with horrible dialogue -RRB- , and did I forget to mention BORING ? I had fun as an extra , and I was looking forward to seeing it , but ultimately I am disappointed . Not to mention , Kate Winslet was a complete and absolute spoiled primadonna , VERY hard to work with , and totally self-centered . But that 's another story .
 This movie was perhaps the biggest disappointment of last year . It could have been the riveting , shocking drama that was promised . Instead , it quickly beomes hokey , second-rate , easily predicatble tripe that is so obsessed with its own attempts at being clever that a decent script was forgotten somewhere.It wants desperately to be smart and shocking , but it is anything but . Anyone paying any bit of attention can guess the ending within the first half an hour . -LRB- Every one of the five people I watched it with did . -RRB- The only areas where this movie succeeds is in making all death penalty abolitionists look like a bunch of nutbags , and all women look like either devious and conniving jezebels or helpless and clueless morons who need a man to guide them every step of the way . Anyone against the death penalty or with feminist leanings will be offended , as will anyone who knows a good movie when they see it .
 Where , oh where to begin ? This set is horrible , picture quality varies from bad to worse ! Even the few films that are watchable have the Passport logo '' Bela Lugosi Collection '' in the right hand bottom corner . There are a couple of these films that look like historical pieces that you see on the history channel ... when i say bad , i mean reallllllllllly bad ! Hard to believe they would even release a couple of these unwatchable gems -LRB- unwatchable because of picture quality -RRB- on dvd at all , i mean what was the point of releasing this garbage ? I wish Lugosi Jr could get control of these films and do them right ! For good Lugosi i recommend avoiding this and check out titles by Roan Group -LRB- they restore beautifully -RRB- or the Navarre Corporation who release Bela Lugosi Estate versions of the dvds.Taking a chance to see `` if '' it might be worthwhile , will only leave you with a box of coasters .
 `` The Human Monster , '' a British horror film from 1939 starring Bela Lugosi , is a recent DVD release from Alpha Video . Its packaging is attractive , featuring artwork from the original release of the film , and its price is essentially pocket change , but sadly the positive qualities of this product stop there.While I feel inclined to commend the producers of this DVD for trying to market this Lugosi semi-classic , a sixty-plus year old film with limited sales potential , after viewing the DVD I ca n't help but to regret my purchase and recommend that you do n't make my same mistake ... even if the cost of the product is minimal.Technically speaking , even if a film is old there 's still little justification for it to look bad or sound bad ... and certainly not as bad as this film looks and sounds on this DVD . The images appear flat and grainy ; cinematic shadows `` pulse '' frequently ; scratches in the film abound ; and one must make a conscious effort to hear the soundtrack in many parts.Perhaps Alpha Video would argue that this particular movie would never sell enough units to justify the cost of a proper restoration -- though this viewpoint would be in conflict with The Roan Group 's superbly restored release of `` White Zombie '' and any number of Universal DVD releases featuring Lugosi -- but , as it is , this particular DVD release of `` The Human Monster '' fails to satisfy the viewer due to a gross lack of image and audio quality.The ultimate tragedy here is that , unlike some of Bela 's poverty row pictures , most fans of Lugosi and this genre would agree that this is a respectable picture that offers the typecast actor a rare dramatic opportunity ... and one he does well with ! It 's a shame that such a poor quality print of the movie is used.Poor Bela fans .
 ... and a good ending can not overcome it.There is no supernatural foe to drag us through the tepid parts , and a somewhat interesting yet slow mystery is not enough to make us sit without fidgeting . Especially not when the quality of the print is poor.The Human Monster is smarter than most of this type of fare , as it is based on an Edgar Wallace novel . But like most of this type of fare , nothing of any real note happens until the last fifteen minutes . Then it gets quite good , with chases and plot twists and the expected , if satisfying , retribution . Yet by that point the damage is done.As a movie , the Human Monster makes a very good poster.See also
 I 'm a fan of these mega-movie packs and own several of them , so you know that I 'm forgiven when it comes to picture and sound quality . That said , I found this set Horrid and a waste of money . You can find these movies out there in better condition so skip this set !!!!!!!
 I first viewed this film as a youngster in one of our local theaters . Perhaps it was because of my youth that I found the film to be a real `` chiller '' . Of course , in 1940 it was a new release and the quality seemed to be fine as it flashed on the big screen , considering it was made by one of the poverty row studios . Also , having Bela Lugosi in the movie presented some prestige ... although most of Bela 's works were made by such back-street companies as Monogram and PRC -LRB- Producers Releasing Corp. -RRB- . His beginning years in Hollywood found him on locations at the higher class Universal Studios , where most of the better horror gems were made during that special era . `` Dracula '' was Bela 's shining production , making him a star . Then , he was cast in various `` Frankenstein '' titles.It is so sad to have Bela 's name attached to `` The Human Monster '' . I decided to purchase the DVD in order to bring back some of those chilling moments I enjoyed in the early 40s . Within a few seconds after hitting `` play '' on my remote gadget , I realized I had invested in a lousy loser ! The picture quality was blurred to a point of being unwatchable . Then , there was the terrible `` sound '' ! Others viewing what I thought would be a study in my enjoyable yesterdays at the movies asked the same question
 I was one of the many Classic Horror fans that got tricked into buying this neat , LOOKING set of classic Lugosi films.Typical of this companies releases , the quality varies from decent to terrible.And EVERY film has to have the company 's logo at the bottom , so no one can bootleg there public domain prints ... gee , thanks!The set could impress by rarer titles , but since many ARE available on other labels for cheaper prices -LRB- and better quality -RRB- it 's not really worth it.The Midnight Girl -LRB- 1925 -RRB- is the only rarity , everything else has been released on other sets and sold seperately.The bonus is a documentary on Lugosi from the `` 100 Years of Horror '' Box set , but honestly , i 'd reccomend that you 'd just buy that set.Not a great set , seek out a MillCreek set if you want Lugosi on the cheap .
 Excellent low budget Lugosi film , but the Alpha version is terrible . Like a 25 year old VHS , the image changes from light to very dark constantly and the soundtrack is muffled throughout . Look for a copy of the Roan double feature -LRB- w/Mystery Liner -RRB- or the Diamond double feature -LRB- w/The Ape Man -RRB- . Both are much better prints . This is a total waste . Cover sure looks nice , though .
 `` The Human Monster '' is one of my least favourite Bela Lugosi vehicles . It 's the story of a string of murders being commited in London , the victims being men without any family and who all have something to do with a life insurance company that is being run by Bela Lugosi . In a dual -LRB- ? -RRB- role , Lugosi also plays the owner of an institution for the blind . Though Lugosi has his charisma -LRB- and it 's kind of a guilty pleasure to see him goofily play a blind character -RRB- , the pace is agonizingly slow and I saw the ` surprise ' ending coming from a mile away.The DVD from a bargain bin company called St. Clair Vision claims to be `` carefully remastered for the best possible picture quality . '' That 's a laugh . The movie looks as fuzzy as one would expect , with scratches and poor contrast . Strangely , this DVD actually has not one but TWO sets of opening credits , the first one with the title `` The Human Monster '' and the second one with the British title `` Dark Eyes of London , '' complete with British censor certificate ! These are played back to back . `` Carefully remastered '' indeed . Completists might be interested in having both sets of credits , but that 's really the only thing to recommend in the DVD . There are predictably no extras , and the box are is ugly . I got it as part of a `` Classic Horror '' boxed set .
 This is an example of Bela Lugosi 's lesser film work . It 's a creaky , `` cheapy-creepy '' featuring Lugosi in a dual role . A killer stalks London , and Bela 's slum-area workhouse is connected . There is also a blind `` ape-man '' sort of killer creeping around the slums , leaving a trail of victims . The film is obviously dated and produced on a low budget . Determined Bela Lugosi fans should be pleased , but others should beware !
 The two films on this DVD proved exactly the opposite of what I expected . I bought the disc because the story of THE MYSTERY LINER sounded intriguing . I assumed THE HUMAN MONSTER would be a lackluster Lugosi vehicle with little to recommend it . In fact , MONSTER is the more entertaining of the two , with some surprisingly fluid filmmaking and lots of left over German Expressionist touches that always seem to work . LINER , on the other hand , feels like little more than a few ideas barely tied together by a strip of film . If the people who made it took more than one take on each shot , I 'd be amazed.Not that either film is exactly a masterpiece . They are definitely for connoisseurs of low-budget filmmaking , and only to the extent you are willing to accept that the effort to uncover hidden treasures from the past occasionally yields only fool 's gold . The story of MONSTER is hammily obvious . The filmmakers do n't even make any effort to hide the identity of the villain . The credit sequence features Lugosi 's eyes scowling over the type , and just in case you did n't get it , he orders the murder of a character in his second scene . The pleasures the film provides are in the marginal details , like the work house for the blind practically dripping with damp decay , or the blind AND mute beggar with the heart of gold or his loyal , if murderous , best friend , who has a severe speech impediment and a face like a bargain-basement Frankenstein 's monster . -LRB- This guy would never arouse suspicion walking down the street , no , no way . -RRB- MYSTERY LINER , on the other hand , is grindingly mundane , with few of the flourishes of the Lugosi film . There are some half-hearted efforts to create a kind of Mastermind surrounded by test tubes , oscillators and bunsen burners , while weird , very low-budget science-fiction effects bubble around him . But the story makes even less sense than MONSTER . It has something to do with a device to control ships at sea remotely . Our Man of the Oscillators is out to steal this from the rightful owners . The Captain of the ship has been made half-insane because the Bad Guys know they have to get rid of him to pull off their scheme . Meanwhile there 's this old woman passenger making passes at every man on board , and a nurse who is in love -LRB- I think -RRB- with one of the officers , and a suspicious passenger with a thickly Germanic accent , and an obnoxious one who seems , for obscure reasons , to be in a position to tell everyone else what to do . When , after a dreary hour plus of struggling with this under cooked stew , the story unexpectedly , almost inexplicably , comes to a halt , you 're not even quite sure what happened . Not that it really matters much . The problem is that we do n't get the delights of cut-rate virtuosity , just the obvious signs of tenth-rate talents laboring very heavily to make a dime yield a dollar and not even getting a nickel.Both films , however , have the virtue of just about every other grade-Z film from this period
 these two movies are chuck at his worst ! not once in these two movies is there and dose of humor or anything that passes for the laws of nature . and while i do like mr.norris and his movies these two are not even worth his or our time . between the first three chuck has saved his men , himself , and his son , so if they do anymore i guess he 'll be going back to get his comb he droped in the bush !! SKIP IT !!!!!!!!!!
 The dvd was in fine shape and fit the definition of `` like new . '' However , the case that the disk came in was cracked and torn in two places and would be categorized as acceptable by anyone 's definition . Please adhere to the written standards of `` like new '' for future products !
 This dvd worked great ! ... but only in my computer . It will not play in a dvd player . This would have been nice to have known ahead of time . My intentions with this purchase was to purchase a dvd that plays in a DVD PLAYER . real mature .
 I can see how this movie could have been a great movie back in 1989 , but after watching it for the first time some 13 years later , it really is n't that good.Billy Crystal is at his best as Harry Burns constantly spouting his philosophy on friendships and relationships and sex . Sally , played by Meg Ryan , is at first turned off by his agressive wit but soon they become best friends who refuse to acknowledge they may actually care for each other.The main reason why I did n't like this movie has to do with mostly factors besides the actual movie . If I had seen this movie in 1989 -LRB- and been the age I am now -RRB- I would have loved it . But instead I ended up comparing it to other romantic comedies that have come out since , including Sleepless in Seattle and You 've Got Mail . Both of those were written by Nora Ephron , who wrote this movie . They also starred Meg Ryan and in my opinion were better than When Harry Met Sally or at least on equal ground.This movie is driven by the dialogue of Billy Crystal . All other characters in the movie react to him . Crystal 's Harry Burns is a womenizer who constantly sleeps with women and then gets out of their lives as fast as possible . This was hard to believe first because Billy Chrystal does n't look like a man who could get that many women , and second , the personality of his character Harry Burns is quite annoying.I guess it is to this movie 's credit that it is the benchmark for Romantic Comedies to be compared to . I just think there have been many better romantic comedies to come along.This is an okay movie , but if you have never seen it , I would n't recommend it .
 I 'm at a loss as to why it 's made so many people 's `` Top 10 '' lists . This has to be one of the least amusing romantic comedies ever made . Who could stand to spend an hour with either one of the two leading characters ? Or with any of the characters ' friends , for that matter ? The scene near the beginning in which Meg Ryan 's character is kvetching with two shallow gal pals about their terrible love lives sets the tone for this whole disaster . Later on , as she and her obnoxious buddy , played by Billy Crystal , decorate his oh-so-chic loft apartment , he mentions that he went on a date with a woman who , he claims , did n't have a sense of humor
 This review reflects the lack of a re-mastered soundtrack on the dvd . Not the film itself.How in this day and age could anyone release a dvd WITHOUT re-mastering the soundtrack to Dolby 5.1 ? The audio track on this dvd is twin speaker stereo . Great flick , absolutely FLAT soundtrack . Criminal , positivly CRIMINAL . Reiner , you MEATHEAD ; YOU !
 This movie has been among my favorites since I first watched it as a kid . The dialogue , pacing , humor , and music has made it a complete package for me . Unfortunately , the remastered version now has new music playing during familiar and popular scenes , causing the tone and mood to be thrown off balance with the rest of the movie . I wish I had known about the new soundtrack before I purchased this edition . While it might work for those just discovering this movie , it falls flat for this fan .
 * When Harry Met Sally * pursues a simple , albeit interesting , theme
 This DVD is missing Importnat Scenes . One is the Musuem Visit Scene and his Apartment scene , another is the Harry Connick Piano scene at the end of the movie.Who is this John Arceri etc ? I wanted the Original Version and this is not it .
 It should be noted , that throughout the film , Meg Ryan gives an Academy Award caliber performance , -LRB- surprisingly overlooked by the Academy -RRB- and Billy Crystal 's masterful comic timing , is as adroit as ever .
 I am probably not the person to review this movie . I think Billy Crystal has about as much acting talent as a ball of lint . No human male actually acts like that , but , hey , it 's only a movie . A `` chick '' movie ! I did not laugh once . This was supposed to be a comedic love story , was n't it ? Well , it was n't . If you are female , you will love this flick . If not , find an excuse , any excuse , not to see this movie .
 yuck . i really hate this film . first of all , it 's as if ANNIE HALL was remade as a television sitcom . ANNIE HALL is a much better movie ! It 's a classic . This one is hopelessly mediocre and it dates really badly . The second reason I hate this film is how it engages in all this `` Men are from Mars , Women are from Uranus '' nonsense . The gender roles are so boring - the man who is dark and cynical -LRB- his name is BURNS - how profound ! and obvious too ! -RRB- and the woman who is bright and cheery -LRB- and whoa what a surprise - her name is Albright ! -RRB- Relationships are complicated . They do n't work this way . This is hollywood fantasy at its worst . It 's dangerous because it dupes people into believing that their lives will end up like the ones they see on screen when the sad fact of the matter is - most marriages end in divorce and there is no such thing as happily ever after.do i sound cynical ? i 'm really not . and before anyone accuses me of anything , i 've been happily married for ten years . so there .
 For me this movie is a painfull thing to watch . I wish that I could give this 0 stars . The infamous fake `` O '' scene kind of recked true intamacy for me . It may be true that women do this but it is one of the worst kind of lie imaginable.One of the truths for us guys is that when we are cuddiling with a woman we fanasise that we are with the first girl we fell in love with.Just FYI .
 Anything involving an Ephron siter and Meg Ryan needs to be avoided at all costs by any film fan sporting an IQ over 16 . Aside from the classic `` climax '' scene -LRB- which was improvised by Ryan and not part of the original script -RRB- this is predictable Hollywood hogwash . Throw this DVD in the trash next to Hanging Up , You 've Got Mail and Sleepless in Seattle . They are all the same movie - the same BAD movie .
 this is one of millions of bad movies you should n't watch . it 's really a bad romantic monologue and the charcters were mistaken . do n't ever watch billy crystal movies because you 'll just want your money back , if you think he 's funny , then comedy is dead .
 How to woo a lady - be an oaf and spit grape seeds out of the window - what a wonderful example of how to impress females ! Amercian trash with no story .
 I WANT TO VIDEO TAPE AND THE BOOK ABOUT WHEN HARRY MET SALL
 This is nothing more than the original release of the DVD of the classic film repackaged to include a compilation of music from the decade in which it was released . The worst thing is that none of the music on the CD has anything to do with the movie itself . I 'm not even sure that any of the songs were released around the time that the movie was in theaters . Had it been the actual soundtrack of the film included we might 've had something to get mildly excited over . There 's also a ` time capsule ' booklet with events that happened during the 80 's . There are much better ways of learning 80 's history than with a 16 page leaflet.Skip this product entirely , and instead try the ` Collector 's Edition . ' It is far superior with remastered 5.1 audio sound , exceptional audio commentary and a number of featurettes on the making of the film . The only thing better would be to see a remastered version on Blu-Ray -LRB- hint , hint Sony ! -RRB- .
 I found the movie to be a bit too melodramatic . The first two women suffered from the claustrophobic pressures of their societies . But Meryl Streep 's character I did n't get . I could not understand why she was so miserable unless it was over the loss of happiness she used to have with her AIDS-ridden ex-lover Richard . He did nothing to ease her pity for him and almost blamed her for being selfish in missing the happiness they shared instead of allowing him to die in peace . Ungrateful , if you ask me.In the end , Julianne Moore 's character creates a sort of closure for all those involved , but I certainly have not seen the results of that closure . I 'm still confused . What was resolved , if anything was resolved at all ? The theme of the movie went along the right dramatic lines but the ending just fizzed away . Performances were rightfully brilliant but story line just a bit too airy fairy for me . Not a heavy drama , but not a light drama either . Watch it if you have the patience .
 I only lasted an hour - possibly one of the most boring films I 've ever seen . Maybe it gets better ... ? But life is too short to waste on this drudgery .
 The only reason I 'm giving this 2 stars is because of the interesting cinematography . Otherwise I was bored to tears , and the movie dragged on making the minutes seem like hours . I am a woman , and I still do n't get it . The constant pity parties that the characters indulged in were tiresome ... with no resolutions , nothing to look forward to at the end . Also , just what is it with Hollywood 's obsession with lesbians these days?Not that I have anything against the lifestyle , but it seems to me that the kissing scenes were just thrown in for shock value.I do n't see how those scenes fit into the plot ... then again , I do n't exactly know what the plot was supposed to be . Perhaps I 'm missing something , however , I 'm not interested in enduring the movie again to see what message I may have missed . I do n't need to be reminded that life has its dark moments.On the other hand I have become intrigued with Virgina Woolf and am curious about her life , and I plan on doing some reading about her , as well as her work .
 What an awful , awful movie ! Flitting through 3 lives , we discover 3 miserable people . No reason for this movie but to waste an hour and a half . The potential of these actors together would have been awesome but they were wasted on a trash movie .
 While this is based on my favorite book , I hated it so much that I could not even finish watching it . The book is largely internal monologue , which does not transfer to the screen . Also , the book is more character driven than plot driven , which really does not transfer well to the screen .
 This movie starts out simpering , ridiculous and depressing and descends into maudlin , ridiculous and depressing . That is , it would be depressing IF YOU CARED ABOUT THE CHARACTERS . All three female leads navel gaze and contemplate suicide . You find yourself rooting for the characters to kill themselves so that they would save the rest of the world from the misery they inflict by their constant self-obsession . And it 's an ugly , dark film . The lighting is blue or brown . The soundtrack is the same minor-chord piano riff over and over again . Juliana Moore 's teeth look like they 've been through 40 years of tea drinking and have never seen Ultra Brite . Nicole Kidman uses one facial expression -- a frown.I hated this movie and watched it to the end solely so I could write an informed review .
 -LSB- Warning
 I 'm so glad I did n't buy this movie but only rented it.I looked forward to seeing it all the way home from work , but found it so boring that I turned it off after only 10 minutes.I must give a word of praise for the makeup artists , though . They did a wonderful job of transforming Nicole Kidman 's face into a semi-resemblance of Virginia Wolf .
 Perhaps I am biased in that I wish Virginia Woolf was still alive so I could run her over in my car . Twice . But aside from the fact that this film was based on that repulsive stain on literature that is Woolf , it was still horrendous . All the characters are so uninteresting that you want them to die within the first 10 minutes just so something exciting will happen . Kidman looks likes she 's suffering severe constipation for most of the film , although that may just be the fact that she 's playing such a ridiculously boring character that she has no choice but to try and add some personality . If you have the choice between seeing this film or running face first into a wall , pucker up and plant a big one on that slab of concrete , because your head will hurt less than sitting through this crapfest . I hate Virginia Woolf .
 At the end of the ultimate in chick flick moviedom , my husband summed it all up in one phrase , `` what a waste of money . '' Let me go a few better
 My wife purchased this movie on a recomendation from a friend . This movie was long , dull , and depressing . It 's about 3 lesbians from different time periods who commit suicide ? It goes back and forth between the women and thier dull lives . I knew from the first 5 minutes it was going to suck but my wife made me sit through this garbage . At the end we both were shocked at how displeasurable the experience was . I am baffled at how anyone could enjoy this .
 The Hours is supposed to be a three story film where the characters are linked by depression and suicide although they themselves may not be suffering from these ailments but are close to someone who is . The stories are interlaced by these connections and by the book `` Mrs Dalloway '' by Virginia Woolf who also appears as one the main characters in one of the three stories . Its heavy on despair , misery , hopelessness and death.The movie has some great acting from Meryl Streep but unfortunately the other cast are not really as functional as you would have expected . The movie does go to that next level in makeup effects such as aging , changing a persons face completely and the presentation of an aids victim . Tops marks all round for these effects and costumes but do these things make a film?No , they do not . Stephen Daldry is not a very good director and if you did not like Billy Elliot then you will probably not like this vehicle either . He is an up-and-coming director but his work seems very amateurish as if he is not really conscious about the material at hand and realizing his vision onto the screen . Its ends up with many loose ends and missing connections that should have be made.Nichole Kidmans character of Virginia Woolf ends up saying and doing very little . In most scenes she is just standing around doing or saying nothing . Unfortunately Julianne Moore goes one step beyond Kidmans character by simply walking straight off the set for `` Far from Heaven '' giving up a double-dose of a helpless woman in despair . The only one of the three that stands out is Meryl Streep and her performance is to be commended . Sadly John C. Reilly is wasted by also saying and doing very little but Ed Harris regrettably overacts his character to the point of killing any realism that he once had . Surprisingly enough the movie ends up not being as moving as what it makes itself out to be.In short this movie is a misfire in a lot of ways and is pretty hollow overall . It is no `` Remains of the Day '' , `` Shadowlands '' , `` Magnolia '' or `` Beaches '' if that is what you are expecting .
 If you think about it , it was entirely predictable that Nicole Kidman would win the Academy Award for this . No , not because her acting was anything special , but because she so determinedly changed her appearance
 Only One Hour was all I could handle before I decided `` this just is n't going to get any better , '' and headed for the lobby.I admire all of the the actresses here . They have each been in an excellent role recently . Further , I admire Virginia Woolf , one of the pioneers of Modern literary technique . But this grumpy film about three women who are unhappy for some inexplicable reason , surrounded by their sad friends , un-understood by servants and loving husbands , relatives , children , inflicted needless cruelty on its viewers . Yes , I get the idea that they are repressed lesbians , and they may want to commit suicide over something which seems trivial to others , but did they have to be so unrelievedly grim about it ? A magnificent wallow in self-involvement . Let young people see this film only as a punishment for truly bad behavior .
 After all of Meryl Streep 's successes we had just about concluded that If Meryl Streep was in the movie , it would be a winner especially when you add in the rest of the remarkable cast . Unfortunately the movie turned out to be a maelstrom of depression feeding on depression . We could not even finish the film . Others may see some redeeming qualities that we missed .
 The Hours left me with a sense of emptiness . Although the performances of Meryl Streep , Nicole Kidman , Julianne Moore and Ed Harris were at times brilliant , I found the story to be an artistic tribute to sadness , dispair and confusion . The intertwining stories left me often confused and discouraged by the inability of the characters to do anything positive to change their lives . Instead they focus on death as a solution and give the impression that everything in life is hopeless . This is another case of Hollywood trying to show how intellectual it can be and missing the point .
 Nicole Kidman was the best actress hands down in this ghastly epic but that 's not saying much . Meryl Streep and Julianne Moore were positively painful to watch in what can only be described as monumentally underachieving performances . I have seen far better stuff on the Lifetime Network.The music was overblown , relentlessly repetitive in its deceitful cadence that is supposedly alerting the audience to some imminent dramatic climax that never happens . Even poor Richard taking the final exit out of his own squalid apartment window was a quiet mercy instead of a thundering tragedy . Did anybody besides me wonder why tireless devoted Clarissa had not taken it upon herself to get a housekeeper for the poor guy , perhaps an aide to help him into the shower.The waste of the talents of Miranda Richardson , Jeff Daniels , and Claire Danes in their trivialized roles really blew me away . Hope these fine actors were paid well to take a disproportionately distant back seat to Nicole , Julianne , and Meryl.I gave this film two stars instead of a mere one because of the hommage paid to Virginia Wolfe in the brilliant performance by Nicole Kidman . It gives me such high hopes that young people will look up the works of Virginia Wolfe and profit by reading her contributions to English Literature .
 The acting was too well done . All three leading ladies range from somewhat disatisfied to suicidally depressed and they were convincing . But here 's the thing . Watching and listening to people who are depressed is DEPRESSING . And watching this movie was depressing . I watched for about an hour thinking it might pick up , that perhaps a real ray of sunshine would appear . But ... I 'm giving up . I will not put myself through watching the rest of it.Having gone and read other reviews now , even some by people who liked the film , I do n't think I missing anything . Whew ... . I need to go watch Miracle or Rudy or Remember the Titans , SOMETHING inspirational to shake off this one .
 Sadly , I had a real problem with this film . I have waited a long time to bother writing a review , because I know that my opinion is not popular . The actressing is a big deal among my cinephile friends , and yet I 'm put off by the bulk of it here . Quite frankly , this is a result of too much being heaped upon too much without the right balance . One reviewer stated that this should have been titled ` The Insane , the Unhappy and the Confused ' . I agree with this . I have defended Daldry 's directorial aesthetic in the past , considering that I feel ` Billy Elliot ' a towering debut and ` The Reader ' to be a misunderstood masterpiece , but I can not defend this since he does almost everything wrong here . He ca n't build his tone in a way that complements the film 's frames . Instead , he meshes together a group of stories that interweave in a way that bleeds a melodramatic atmosphere with almost no point . It does n't feel inspired or poignant or engaged.It merely feels sad.The acting is stuck in the film 's mood , which is n't a compliment this time . Harris is horrific , Moore is bland , Streep is uneven and Kidman is trying way too hard -LRB- although she does fare better than the bulk of the cast -RRB- . The rest of the supporting cast is just there , although I will admit that Toni Collette and John C. Reilly make more of an impact than that the film 's nominated stars.I like depressing , and I like challenging and I love a film that digs at the darkness in our souls , but this film is just too drab for its own good . It does n't say enough to validate its poor thematic choices .
 Yes , it 's an expensive cast . Yes , it 's beautifully made . Yes , it makes an excellent job of conveying a particular mood.The trouble is , there is no let-up from that mood . Two hours of a downward spiral of doom , depression , angst , despair , and suicide , with no let-up at all . With no refrain from such melancholy I was relieved when it ended - the film is lacking in contrast somewhat.I was n't left with anything at the end of the movie - just a desire to cheer myself up . It did n't make me question anything and it did n't raise any issues for me . I found it unchallenging - the only challenge was following the dense plot and the tedious , whispered monologues.Your mother might like it - but she 'll wonder what you 're trying to say when you give it to her .
 I looked forward with anticipation to watching this movie after I saw a trailer for it . I was greatly disappointed with it . Jumping between 4-5 time frames to women who you did n't know what their basic malfunction was made the movie very hard to understand . I had no clue until the credits were rolling that the one lady was supposed to be Virginia Wolfe , probably because I missed the clues . But why these woment were depressed , who was Richard and why was he in the one woman 's life -LRB- Streep -RRB- , were never answered . All in all it was not entertaining . Maybe if you have a degree in literature it might have made more sense , but as someone who has never read Virginia Wolfe 's work -LRB- nor do I care to -RRB- it was a senseless and boring movie . My copy is going out the the thrift store . Maybe someone else will enjoy it . I 'm just glad we got it cheap at a library sale as I would have hated to pay full price for it .
 The Hours has some fine elements . It 's got the cream of the crop in acting talent and it 's beautifully filmed - certain images will linger in your mind long after you 're done watching the movie . Of the three story lines , Virginia Woolf 's was the most moving , because she had to grapple with a real mental illness -LRB- and the suicide note she wrote to her husband will bring tears to your eyes -RRB- . But in general , what I found lacking in the movie , was that it hardly varies in its moods . Minute after minute the viewer is beset by anguish , angst , anguish , repression , anxiety , angst ... not to mention utter selfishness and impulsivity . I 'm not asking for outright comedy or a song-and-dance routine , but something that provides some contrast to the general mood of quiet despair , and something that contributes genuine reflection on the characters ' actions . The most powerful films accentuate their themes through juxtaposition of different ideas , feelings , textures and moods . The Hours hit the same note over and over again .
 ... that this film is a great disservice to the novel * Mrs. Dalloway * , if not to Woolf herself . I am tired of everybody focusing on Woolf 's death and illness more than on her life and work . In `` The Hours , '' even her novel comes across as suffused with the aimless futility of the film . And if we wanted to be accurate , why not show Woolf in her occasional `` riding the crest of the wave '' phase of bipolar disorder , instead of always so moony and depressingly wise.Woolf 's work is varied and rich and provides the movement and life that this movie does not have by a long shot . I did not like the scene where Meryl Streep collapses in the kitchen in front of her gay friend 's gay lover -- the message of `` The Hours '' in this scene seemed to be
 This movie has beautiful acting and cinematography but it is difficult to pick up the various threads and make sense of them , particularly if you are unfamiliar with the Virginia Wolfe novel , `` Mrs. Dalloway '' . The movie centers around three women , Virginia Wolfe , played by a hard-to-recognize Nicole Kidman ; an unhappy young housewife from the 50 's , played by Julianne Moore ; and a modern-day woman played by Meryl Streep . Their stories interweave with one another and there are common themes of mental illness , lesbianism and unhappy women with death wishes . Not exactly light entertainment ! There were times when I wanted to tell the main characters to snap out of it and get on with life rather than wallow in the melancholy and self-pity which they display . This is a movie designed more for art than for entertainment , so be forewarned .
 Please understand that I knew going in that this was a highly rated film that has a large adoring audience . But I will always give an honest assessment of how I react to a film . Maybe my expectations were too high . No , that 's not it , at all . I really did n't know what to expect.This is three stories spun loosely into one . Set decades apart , in the 1920 's , 1950 's and 1990 's , three women lead very comfortable but miserably unfulfilling lives . They mope about , drowning in self-pity , wishing they were happy , but doing nothing to achieve that goal . They seem to luxuriate in their own angst . Oh , sweet sorrow ... Bah ! These women are largely unsympathic characters with no discernable qualities other than their deep dissatisfaction with their upper-middle class existence . I 'm just glad that I rented this rather than seeing it in a theater , where I 'd have paid so much more for two hours of sheer boredom .
 Surely you have seen or at least heard of Clint Eastwood 's `` The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly ? '' Well `` The Hours '' would more appropriately be titled `` The Insane , the Unhappy , and the Confused . '' Yes it was beautifully filmed . Yes it was well acted . But what is the point ? Oh , by the halfway mark I had consumed 2.5 bourbons so maybe I missed the point . If you are male , stay away . And if you have a wife or girlfriend , keep her away from it .
 The acting 's pretty good in places -- but that 's all.The surest sign of what you 're in for in this kind of Hollywood Spectacle is the music -- driving you to believe something important is happening , when nothing is happening . Even the music goes nowhere -- it starts with portent and ends with portent -- the typically lightweight range and depth of a self-important ` modern ' idiot like Philip Glass.Anyway , that 's just the most irritating thing about a movie that says nothing about death because it says nothing about life -- except symbolically in an oft-repeated story about ' a particular morning on the beach ' . We 're supposed to feel `` what a bunch of trapped people -- maybe we 're all trapped -- but maybe there 's hope '' . I know this because the point is made at the beginning and is remade dozens of times -- focusing on the same pain endlessly , in a flat movie where nothing will unfold but your cerebellum .
 This is a slick film , but let 's not let that confuse us into thinking that it povides any kind of meaning . A number of reviewers seem to have been baffled , as I was , by the seemingly pointless kissing scenes . Meryl Streep 's kiss at least made some sense in the context of the script , but Julianna Moore 's seems to have been entirely pointless , and just for shock value . But nobody , nowadays , is shocked by same sex kissing scenes , which have been foisted on us so much as to have lost all significant attention-getting value , and , in fact , they are showing up with such regularity in today 's films as to appear to be mere gratuitous nods to trendiness.The many-layered quality of the movie is at first sight intriguing , but do n't be fooled -- it soon becomes evident that it is only a facile device to make us think that the story is `` deep . '' Of course , the suggestion that most women are either overtly or secretly lesbians must surely make it `` deep , '' no ? Well ... NO . It 's merely a tedious false premise that is fast getting really old , tiresome and predictable.Although there are 3 layers , each of them is disappointingly shallow . As each layer peels away we are left puzzled because there is nothing underneath . What WAS the Julianna Moore character 's problem anyway ? Her potential solution and her actual solution were a bit extreme . OK , so some people react in extreme ways to their lives . Fine . But why are we supposed to feel sorry for her or care ? Is it because she has the same mental problems as Virginia Woolf or because , like Woolf , she 's bisexual ? Is it one or the other , or both , and are these problems enough to make any real woman abandon her children and thus destroy them ? Why would such a self-obsessed woman be a sympathetic character ; does anyone know !? The terrible `` aged '' makeup job did n't help . Hint to movie makeup artists
 As much as I have appreciate prior works of each of these actors , I had no sympathy for any of them . I found them selfish , depressing , neurotic and I did not care if they lived or died except the little boy who ended up jumping out of the window . I could identify . Someone needed to put all of them out of their misery . When Meryl Streep started making out with her roommate , I was about to jump out the window and decided instead to turn it off and return it to the nearest video store ASAP .
 The Hours has an audience in people who share the void suffered by its characters . That void is where a life is supposed to be . If you are one of these people , then get a life . The rest of us found The Hours unforgivably dull .
 The underlying theme of this film seems to be one should live , and end , one 's life as one wants to , no matter what the consequences for others . The film concerns three unstable women whose lives are intertwined through Virginia Woolf 's novel , `` Mrs. Dalloway . '' There is no real plot and I could not sympathize with any of the main characters . The only character I could sypathize with was Kitty whose life was being taken out of her hands . Also , I did n't think it was possible for Julianna Moore to look unattractive , but this film managed it . I do not understand why this film has received rave reviews . For anyone who wants to see it , I recommend waiting to rent the DVD .
 this film is a plotless melodrama about selfish , self-absorbed people . it was dull , pretentious and boring . the only straight male characters were weak and codependent -LRB- mr. virginia woolf -RRB- or clueless -LRB- mr. julianne moore -RRB- . reverse the genders of the male stereotypes and there would have been an outcry of political incorrectness . do n't waste your time . one would think that with this many stupendous actors that something better could have been made of it all but alas ... it was terrible !
 audio and visual faults made this otherwise interesting story impossible to enjoy . I have had the same problems with other videos and do n't know if the problem lies with my computer or , if the issue is with the download function .
 I 'm sorry - but this movie was horrible ! I would classify myself as an average american , and this just did NOT appeal to me at all . I will give a huge kudo to Nichole Kidman for her performance , but other than that - it was awful . I get so tired of people continously putting the `` beautifully creative '' label on any movie that portrays homosexuality in a positive role.Pass on this one ... please .
 Okay , after watching the Golden Globes award show and seeing ` The Hours ' crowned with the highest prize , Best Picture , and hearing incessantly about Nicole Kidman 's fake prosthetic nose in the movie , it was time to venture into that darkened theater and see how good the awards-friendly ` The Hours ' was . Little did I fully realize what I was getting myself into.Nicole Kidman plays Virginia Woolf , who is in the midst of writing her novel Mrs. Dalloway , where she proposes to display a woman 's entire life through the events of a single day . Julianne Moore plays Laura Brown , a housewife in 1951 having difficulty adjusting to a domestic life that she feels ill equipped for . Meryl Streep plays Clarissa Vaughan , a gay editor in 2001 planning a party for a poet and former lover -LRB- an emaciated Ed Harris -RRB- , who is suffering from the late stages of AIDS . These three storylines will be juggled as the film progresses , with each woman 's life deeply changing before the end of the day . ` The Hours ' is a meandering mess where the jigsaw pieces can be easily identified . The attempt at a resolution for an ending , tying the three storylines together , is handled very clumsily . The film spins on and on that you start to believe the title may be more appropriate than intended . What this movie needed was a rappin ' kangaroo , post haste!The film is wrought with female victimization , and screams `` Give me an award already ! '' Before you know it you 're being bludgeoned to death with what is profoundly the most over serious Lifetime network movie ever assembled . And there 's nothing fundamentally wrong with Lifetime movies -LRB- their corny sensibilities can be cheery -RRB- but ` The Hours ' does not share the sensibilities of its `` Must-Sit-To-Pee TV '' brethren.Kidman , nose and all , gives a strong performance displaying the torture and frailty of a writer trapped within her own mind , but too often relies on wistful staring or icy glares . Moore is effectively demoralized but can not resonate with such a shallow character . Streep is the least effective of the three and fizzles amongst an over-stuffed assembly of characters . And for those of you that have been waiting for some hot Meryl Streep girl-on-girl action , your thirst has finally been quenched.The supporting cast is unjustly left for dead . The characters are seen as parody -LRB- Toni Collette as Moore 's unliberated homemaker neighbor -RRB- , extraneous -LRB- Claire Danes as Streep 's daughter , Allison Janney as Streep 's lover , Jeff Daniels as Harris ' ex-lover , you know what , almost anyone in the Streep storyline -RRB- , one-note -LRB- the workmanlike John C. Reilly who plays yet another doting and demystified husband -RRB- or merely obnoxious -LRB- Moore 's brat child that refuses to separate from her -RRB- . It appears ` The Hours ' is the three lead actress ' game , and everyone else is not invited to play along.Stephen Daldry 's direction shows surprising stability and instinct after his art-house pandering ` Billy Elliot ' showed none . The technical aspects of ` The Hours ' are quite competent , especially the sharp editing and musical score , which just points out further how slickly hollow and manufactured the film is . ` The Hours ' is an over-glossed , morose , agenda-driven film that is too self-important for its own good . It sucks the life out of everything . And for all its doom and gloom and tsunami of tears , the only insightful thing ` The Hours ' is trying to pass off onto the public is that women are more depressed than you think and like to play kissy-face with each other .
 pretentious and obvious and oh-so-significant ; in other words , is this not the PERFECT movie for meryl streep ? a big disappointment from stephen daldry , after the wonderful debut as film director in `` billy elliott '' . nicole kidman won one of the most undeserved oscars since luise rainer , nd i usually like her . and oh god , theres that `` important '' philip glass score ...
 This movie is absolutely dreadful . I am sure that there are a lot of people out there who love this movie -LRB- I know some of them -RRB- , but if you are looking for a plot or decent acting , skip it and buy something else . With such a great cast , this movie should provide more ... Streep looks incredibly bored throughout the movie and I just ca n't get past that horrible nose on Kidman . Just awful .
 A movie with incredible shallow character development . It replicates the view of every misogynist that woman have no meaningful life other than the one driven by their own hormones . If I were a woman -LRB- or feminist -RRB- I would be insulted by this manic-depressive , `` lesbianic '' , incestuous world that has been created . It offers nothing , makes no point and has no relevance . If acting means extracting all joy from your words and facial mannerisms then the acting was great ... if it means more than that it was horrid . What a dog of a movie .
 What a shame when an all star cast meet and achieve nothing ! It is not because they are bad in any way , shape , or form , but because the story does not mean alot to % 99.999999 of normal people.You have to be from a psychologically defected familly to relate to `` this so called movie '' . The story is very simple , 3 females suffering from depression in 3 different periods of time each with minor differnce in the environment . `` Suicide , homosexuality , and social communication '' seems to be the high notes of the movie . Even no adaptive/positive behavior is shown or contemplated in the whole script.This is what I call a `` Dark Movie '' that should be viewed with the tv screen off to achive the best result .
 Sex Trash directly from the Mind Sewer Masters of Hollywood . Disturbing . Very disturbing . Nicole Kidman at least had the intelligence to disguise herself with that nose job .
 how can this be a good movie ? why does everyone have homosexual tendencies ? not that theres anything wrong with it , but if your gon na make a theme out of it in your movie there NEEDS to be a point , a reason , maybe there is but i didnt catch it . I caught the point of the movie when the question was asked to nicole kidmans character `` why does someone have to die '' refering to the book her character wrote , she replies `` so everyone else will value life more '' this story alone could have made a decent thought pravoking , but this line , which in my mind is the most IMPORTANT line in the move , is mumbled so quitly that i had to rewind sevrel time to catch what she was actually saying ... NOT good for the movie , being such a crutial point . than the movie brought in other time lines of people affected by the book . . fist with julianne morres character who we are led twards the end of the movie to think she also kills her self ... NOT SO !! why in this type of movie would you need a twist in plot ? it serves nothing to the main point of the movie , instead it wasnt her that kills her self but her son , in an even latter time line , so that meryl streeps character `` values life more '' i guess ... but all three of these characters have awkward female to female kisses ... didnt seem to be a reason ... just cause it happend in the book ? the movie even ended on one of those kisses ... oh , and ed harris , the son that kills himself had aids and i assume its from the emplied gay relations he 's had ... why all this gayness ? if your gon na make a movie about gay people make it relivent !! it seems like the director put the `` twist '' and the `` gay '' stuff in there just to make it seem artsy , along with the other two time lines which could have been left out to make a much more meaningfull and historicly based movie ... it seems that too many directors are trying to be `` artsy '' rather than just make a good movie which is ART ... come on HOLLYWOOD get it together , stop trying too hard to make people think your smart ... we know your not and thats what we like about you :-RRB- ... . let the indi kids do the artsy flicks unless you actually have something MEANINGFULL ... bottom line , i hate movies that have elements in place that do nothing to aid the movie ... but you can watch it see for your self ...
 After and hour and I couldnt take The Hours anymore and shut it off . It 's a shame the movie is so long , boring and moves nowhere . The acting is excellent , especially by Moore .
 I approached this movie as an opportunity to learn more about Virginia Woolf , of whom I knew a little . It was not without substantial eagerness that I sought to learn more about her from this film . But this movie is to no substantial degree the learning experience I had hoped for , scarcely more so than if I 'd watched WILD WILD WEST with the hope of learning more about Ulysses S. Grant . So what is there to get out of THE HOURS ? Nothing very tangible that meets one 's eye . A discussion early on alludes to suicide and reasons for not taking one 's life . We stay here on Earth for the sake of those we matter to , so one character asserts . That 's a reason not to commit suicide , we 're told , and we might suspect that would define a consistent theme of the movie . But not all its characters live out that sense of purpose . Virginia Woolf did n't , either in real life or in THE HOURS -LRB- that point being the one unambiguous element of non-fiction I could find in the film -RRB- . At least one other character also declines to stay around for those to whom he matters . But if one is looking for evidence either for or against staying around for loved ones as the theme of the movie , the most compelling evidence comes from Laura Brown , played by Julianne Moore . This gloomy and depressed character , forever on the verge of `` losing it '' decides not to commit suicide . Yet , she abandons her family anyway . So the movie 's theme would seem more to be that choosing or not choosing suicide is beside the point relative to that claim that we should stay around for those to whom we matter . Even staying in this world does n't mean that we 'll be there for them.While Laura Brown 's suicidal tendencies are rather unexplained , there is a hint as to why Virginia Woolf -LRB- at least the one in this movie , whether the real one or not -RRB- is having a crisis about going on . Part of the therapy for the conditions she suffers has her living in Richmond , a suburb of London . She longs to be back in the big city instead . I 'll assume she has her reasons for wishing she were in London , however poorly explained they are in this movie . In fact the subject is poorly introduced . Apparently what is supposed to first hint at her bitterness over separation from London is a scene where her servants are preparing a meal . She tells them to use ginger . They respond that they are out of ginger and would have to go all the way to London to get any . She responds that she does n't see a problem there . Her harsh words as she elaborates must be meant as the first sign of her torture over being condemned to this suburban life that she detests -LRB- however attractive the setting might look to a lot of us viewers -RRB- . But a first time viewer of the movie is hard-put to discern such a message in this scene as it is playing . It is more likely to look like she is being haughty , even bordering on verbally abusive , toward her servants . You 'd think the movie makers overlooked that obvious appearance in their zeal to portray sympathetically these supposedly parallel lives of three women . Yes , parallel lives -- at least that is what so many are saying about this movie . The paralles are implied between the real life of Virginia Woolf and two fictional women who lived later , one of them being the aforementioned Laura Brown . But how deep is the parallel ? Laura reads Woolf 's novel , `` Mrs. Dalloway '' . That 's about it as far as a tangible parallel really goes . Are we supposed to think the parallel is grounded in ordinary reality , in some general aspects of `` the human condition '' ? Or is the parallel forged by some deeper , essentially supernatural influence ? Little room for the latter possibility would seem to be allowed by the movie 's tone , which does not at all generally seem to draw on supernatural effects . Yet , brief suggestions that Laura is somehow living out the life of Mrs. Dalloway are thrown into the mix . It is as if Laura is constrained to live out that life , according to how Woolf writes of her heroine -LRB- as if the two time lines were simultaneous , even though the novel was written a few decades earlier than the stage of Laura 's life interspersed in the movie 's flashbacks and flash-forwards -RRB- . That particular plot element is indeed as if some curse or something doomed Laura to live out a literary character 's life . There could be the potential for a supernatural thriller there , if the movie consistently pursued it . But the movie does not go for that option that could have made for entertaining , if somewhat escapist , fare . Instead the direction the movie does take is an incongrous , muddled mess that very weakly at best lives up to its billing as a profound exposition on parallel lives . Where so many would have us believe it delivers with a bang , its impact is really more of a whimper .
 We wanted to give this film a chance . The Hours got great reviews , and both of us had read a couple of Virginia Woolf 's novels in past periods of our lives . My problems with this film are three :1 -RRB- The cast is overwhelming . It 's like a jazz band with too many soloists and not enough rhythm backup . Many supporting roles amount to cameos for actors who are capable of carrying other films . It becomes an exercise for the viewer of `` oh , hey , I remember them in ... '' which in the end is a distraction . Also , each supporting player works so hard to make an impact in their short screen time that everyone just winds up sounding hysterical .2 -RRB- Ed Harris as an AIDS victim ? Uh huh . Nice try . A classic case of miscasting , and scenery chewing by an actor who should know better . Obnoxious .3 -RRB- An incredibly self-regarding , pretentious screenplay . The relentless degeneration among all of these materially very well-off characters is just completely implausible . NO ONE ever laughs . No one ever seems to even appreciate being alive , or take any pleasure in anything whatsoever . There is never a thematic break that allows the audience to see something positive - to give the viewer a break . Tragedy is best illustrated by also illuminating what was good about the protagonist . Shakespeare saw this , particularly in Othello . This movie does not , and fatally hamstrings itself.The sadness of Virginia Woolf I can understand - but the Streep and Moore characters are beyond plausible . The movie continually grabs you by the lapels and DEMANDS that you appreciate the terrible psychological dilemmas facing these rich Yuppies.After somewhere around an hour of this bathetic lachrymatory , we pulled the disc out and said , `` well , THAT was a waste of time ... '' This movie is highbrow soap opera . I 'm sure it 's great if you 're of a certain mindset , but I suspect many intelligent moviegoers are disappointed with this one .
 If you liked this movie , get a friggin ' life . `` The Hours '' is one of the most horrible films that I 've had to sit through in quite some time . The movie goes on forever and the score just magnifies the tedium of it all . I could n't stop thinking of that scene in `` Apocalypse Now '' with Marlin Brando holding his head in his hands and muttering `` the horror ... the horror '' .
 There are three interrelated stories in this movie , but each is essentially formulaic and , inevitably , none of them is explored in depth . The result is a series of snapshots which simply do not add up to a satisfying movie . Is there some interrelation between the stories which provides a payoff ? Apart from the trite and obvious -LRB- time passes and things change -RRB- I see none . This is a very disappointing movie , in view of the accolades and high expectations .
 I had heard a lot of buzz about Nicole Kidman winning the Oscar for this movie , and the trailers made it sound interesting without revealing what it was really about . Curiosity got the best of me , so I watched it . Yes , the acting was excellent . The cinematography and editing were also well done . But the story is another matter.On a surface level - this is NOT a spoiler - you could say The Hours is about suicide and lesbianism -LRB- or at the very least , sexual confusion -RRB- . On a deeper level , it 's really about living with the bad choices you 've made . Yes , life has its dark moments . Yes , we make bad choices . Yes , we regret those choices . But I 'm not particularly interested in seeing a movie that emphasizes the bad stuff of life . The Hours was the most depressing movie I have ever seen . I just could not find any redeeming value in it . If this was supposed to be some feminist empowerment film , it only succeeded in empowering women to ruin their lives.Also , a movie with a bad ending totally ruins the whole thing for me . I found the ending of The Hours not only unsatisfying , but downright disturbing . It does n't bother me when movies end on a sad note or the main character dies or something bad happens , but there 's usually a glimmer of hope or goodness in the plot somewhere . I found none here . Generally , I watch movies to be entertained , to be distracted , to be moved , to be educated at times , even sometimes to simply appreciate the art of the film medium , but always to enjoy . Unfortunately , while The Hours was somewhat interesting on an `` artsy '' level , it was n't worth my time to see what all the buzz was about . It left me empty . My advice
 This Film is one of those that only the Critics would love.Believe it or not , on my First view of HOURS , I did not know that Virginia Woolf was played by Kidman . I just knew that who-ever it was had been truly Dreadful.As good as the Artistic production is on this Work , Kidman is just Plain Awful.And Just as I Loved The Start of SCREAM because Drew was Done away with , it was brilliant that Kidman 's Character was appropriately Dispatched.Such a waste of Space for these Hours .
 I have seen plenty of movies that had good drama and made since . But `` The Hours '' is probably the worst movie I have seen in the year 2002 . It does have drama ; but it does not really have a good plot -LRB- storyline -RRB- to it . So therefore this movie was quite nonunderstandable and pointless . Not only is `` The Hours '' one of the worst movies of 2002 ; but it 's the most boring one at that . It is also the shortest Oscar nominated movie of 2002 , being only a little over an hour or so . `` The Hours '' should have been called `` The Hour '' because it is just too short for a good movie . This dull , boring , uninteresting , pointless , and short movie should have never been nominated for any Oscars . Oh ! I forgot to say
 I thought this story was very slow and boring . I only made it through about 30 minutes of it but that was enough for me . Maybe , given more time , it would have picked up its pace .
 This was the most overacting in a film I have seen in a long time . I was going into to this film thinking this has 3 super actress of our lifetime . I turned out to be very boring and hard to watch . Yes , it seemed like HOURS and HOURS watching these actresses trying for an Oscar nomination.The story is tied to together with the writings of Virginia Wolffe and how it `` effected '' their lives . It ends up being a jumbled up mess and very confusing.The film was no joy or entertaining for that matter . It was a waste of 2 HOURS.Watch `` The Pianist '' to see how a film should be done with great acting but not overacting every role .
 The first fifteen minutes were incredibly boring . No , I was n't expecting an action movie . The mixture of four time periods was confusing . I 've got better things to do than try to keep all the story lines straight and still get the message . I doubted it would get any better , so I gave up . Two thumbs down .
 It 's a depressing movie about a mental illness that makes one desire to commit suicide . I found nothing inspirational about the movie because the characters did nothing to change their situation.The movie attempts to philosophize about life and happiness . Noone should take that seriously because it 's coming from a mentally ill person . The message is do n't cherish life and it took all of two hours to deliver it .
 If you were n't depressed when you walked in to see this movie , you certainly will be by the time you finish it . Many customers walked out early and I wish I had . What a waste of talent.Don ' t bother to go see `` The Hours '' . believe me you will find itvague , disjointed and distasteful . No one was happy , not even the serious little boy . He was so worried about his mother that he could think of nothing else . What a downer this movie is .
 The Hours gained a lot of attention when it was released , mainly because of its A-list actresses -LRB- Meryl Streep , Nicole Kidman , Julianne Moore , Miranda Richardson , and Toni Collette -RRB- , Nicole Kidman 's fake nose , and its high minded themes . It 's an adaptation of the novel by Michael Cunningham , and the storyline is complex but basically it tracks Virginia Woolf writing `` Mrs. Dalloway , '' a 1950s housewife who becomes obsessed with Mrs. Dalloway -LRB- the novel -RRB- , and a 1990s career woman whose life resembles that of Mrs. Dalloway the party-planner . All three storylines take place in one day.Nicole Kidman finally won an Oscar for her performance as the suicidal novelist Virginia Woolf . For this , she donned a fake nose , dyed her hair a mousy brown , and lowered her voice a few octaves . Her Virginia slouches , wears dowdy housedresses , and stares at dead animals . Kidman seems determined to carve out a niche for herself as an intelligent actress , and for this I admire her . However , ultimately her performance is unconvinving . She seems to fall into every `` tortured artist '' cliche -- she broods , she sniffles , she impulsively kisses people , and she stares out the windows , pen in hand . But her Virginia Woolf doesnt for a moment seem real or vital , just a mopey downer.Julianne Moore plays Laura Brown , a depressed 1950s housewife , with a loving husband -LRB- John C. Reilly -RRB- and a young son . Moore is one of my favorite actresses , and she makes this confusing character very vulnerable and touching . However , the screenplay doesnt really flesh out Laura 's motivations . Of the three lead actresses , I thought Moore was the least affected.Meryl Streep is the `` modern day '' Clarissa Dalloway , a career woman who devotes her time to caring for Richard -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- , an ex lover who is dying of AIDS . Her day is spent planning a party for Richard . Strangely , her character is the most ordinary , yet Streep 's performance is even more affected than Kidman 's . You can see Streep switching gears -- ok now I 'll smile through tears , now I 'll look at the camera with my patented `` tender '' expression . She 's supposed to be the overscheduled , overburdened contemporary woman , but her storyline was IMO not compelling enough for Streep 's `` acting class 101 '' antics.And thus the problem with the whole movie -- in the end , it 's as affected and artificial as Kidman 's prosthetic nose . The movie is a little too in love with ennui . It 's one of those movies where all of the characters are constantly on the verge of tears . Now there are plenty of movies which weave together seemingly unrelated storylines -LRB- Magnolia , Traffic -RRB- , and of course the female weepie genre as well as the sapphic fantasy genre have been around since the beginning of moviemaking . But the best of these films have a vitality , vision , and wit that The Hours sorely lacks . Virginia , Laura , and Clarissa do n't act , they POSE.As a footnote , the supporting characters practically steal the movie . In particular , Toni Collette has a wonderful cameo as Laura 's neighbor , Ed Harris is both pitiful and obnoxious as Richard .
 In reading over several of the reviews , I see very little that mentions my major problem with this movie . Perhaps I did not read enough . While Nicole Kidman was defintely at her usual best and was a joy to watch , albeit for the depressing nature of her role , I was disappointed and disgusted to once again feel deceived into seeing this movie . The previews made it sound so wonderful , without ever giving any mention of the bottom-line issue.The story is not simply about three women who are unfulfilled and misunderstood in their lives -LRB- to put it in simple terms -RRB- . The underlying issue is their homosexuality , and their inability to come to terms with their homosexuality within their life circumstances and to be healed of their depression or profound melancholia . Except that is , for Meryl Streep 's character who in the end decides to become `` who she is '' . Julianne Moore 's character ends up leaving not only her husband but her young son -LRB- which later contributed to his demise -RRB- in order to fulfill her own longed-for lifestyle.Yes , people have their problems , but to justify these actions by saying that these poor unfortunate women had no support and just could not deal with their problems in any other way , is unfair and derogatory to women . And what about the little boy who later commited suicide ? Just an unfortunate casualty of his mother 's understandable -LRB- but really self-centered -RRB- actions , I guess . That is what the movie implied to my husband and me.Yet , while this may be a profound tale of the tragedies of human suffering , we have a distinct dislike for not being told about the homosexuality involved . Perhaps we should have read reviews first , or read about Virgina Woolf first , but we did not and consequently saw this movie with no idea that it had to do with this issue until near the end of the story . I suspect that was deliberate on the part of the writer/director , etc. in order to keep people watching , who may not otherwise do so . We were similarly deceived into watching Far From Heaven , since their was no mention of the husband 's homosexuality in the previews . This looks to us like pushing the `` homosexuals have to be recognized and accepted -LRB- which means agreed with -RRB- because they ca n't help themselves '' agenda . And contrary to those who would say we are intolerant , it is not intolerant to disagree with a person 's behavior or beliefs . It is intolerant to accuse one of intolerance if he does not agree . When a movie is put out there to advance any agenda , the previews should make the potential viewers aware of what they are going to watch . No matter what the issue is . Then at least the viewer has an informed choice.So , what it all comes down to is that the unfortunate characters had no choice but to act as they did , and the viewer has no choice but to watch the movie uninformed as to its content unless he first does some research . No matter what the movie is about , we were depressed about the depressing poor or lack of choices , that affect not only the characters , but others in their lives also .
 Someone -LRB- Naomi Wolf , I think -RRB- said that men were n't `` evolved '' enough to appreciate this movie . I have to say she 's right . Clearly , my Y chromosome prevented me from properly ignoring cliche and pretentiousness in order to appreciate this movie.Pretentiousness , in my opinion , is when the banal and commonplace is treated with reverence as if it were a fresh insight . There 's a scene where Virginia Woolf finds a dying bird , which is used as an obvious metaphor for her own trapped , fragile condition . Tell me , has any 18 year old in Creative Writing 101 not used this metaphor before ? Why is time spent emphasizing such a leaden , obvious parallel ? And the dialogue is full of such commonplace insights as `` This is what people do ; they stay alive for each other . '' Really ? I mean , I thought people stayed alive for the sake of their pets . This is an insight ? `` It 's the right of every human being ... '' On and on ; the director should have spared the audience this wooden dialogue and instead had the actors wear sandwich boards on which they could have carried their epiphanies.The actors were horrible . Do not be fooled that this is an actor 's showcase . It is , perhaps , for the secondary actors , those who are spared the need to impart life 's lessons every time they open their mouth . The principals , however , are dreadful . Streep is hammy as hell , unwilling to let a scene lead her and instead filling each second with twitches and mannerisms . The breakdown in the kitchen -LRB- which is when I bailed -RRB- was acted entirely with her hands . Julianne Moore gives a typical Moore performance , playing a woman so sub-literate and inarticulate she seems to be swallowing syllables even as she attempts to speak them . And Kidman gives the stereotypical `` Madwoman in the Attic '' performance actors favor when playing literary geniuses . If anyone had walked around with so much fevered intensity , they would have been committed immediately , whether they were a writer or not.And , in the spirit of feeling commited , I took myself and my Y chromosome as far from this movie as I could get . I recommend that you , too , do the same .
 Is it possible to have a great cast that gives great performances and have a bad movie ? Yes it is ... and this is it . My recommendation - see most anything else -LRB- I nearly feel asleep -RRB- .
 I thought this would be a good movie with all the great actresses until I realized that Virgina woolf was indeed very mentally ill so was her sister , lets face it Lesbian sisters who are also incestuous to each other . I am sorry But I am ashamed to see a movie like this get such a good review , trying to portray something so creepy as being ok , it not ok
 My wife and buy movies to be entertained . After 45 minutes of this one , we looked at each other and said why are we watching this show . The title is appropriate however , minutes do seem like hours hanging on to this one .
 even though all the actors did a great job and it is very faithful to the book , but you really would n't get this movie unless you read the book , which is much better and you get it more . The hours is really about inside one 's mind , and no matter how hard you try , you just ca n't get that on screen . if you did n't read the book , the feeling you are getting from the hours is basically that there 's something wrong with the women but you do n't really know what , they just appear wrong . it 's too awkward.go read the book , if you did n't like the book , do n't even bother to see the movie .
 After hearing all the prasie for this movie , I decided to finally rent the DVD . I might be in the minority here , but as I watched it I could not help but feel that I had somehow tuned into a bad , boring Lifetime made for TV movie . I kept expecting Judith Light or Shanon Doherty to appear . The performances were not compelling , and I ca n't for the life of me understand how Kidman received such priase for this yawner . I guess if you stick a big piece of bubblegum in the tip of your nose , ugly yourself up a bit , that becomes award winning acting . I know I should have felt something for the three women in this story ... If not completely understand their pain and struggles , at least acknowledge it . But , I felt nothing . Actually , that is not entirely true . I did feel something ... frustrated . For 2 hours I felt the frustration at these 3 actresses on the screen . In the end , I was only too happy that it was over . It is a film that really leaves you feeling empty . This is not because the performances were so engrossing that you feel the emptiness and pain in these women 's lives . No , you feel empty because you sat dopwn to watch a great movie , and instead witnessed some mediocre movie of the week hogwash . It is the type of movie that `` serious '' revieweres will feel compelled to label a masterpiece , even though inside they really wanted it to end as badly as the rest of us .
 This movie is not worth one star unless you enjoy being tricked into watching a movie about homosexuality and ca n't possibly figure it out until the very end.Save yourself the pain and avoid this movie at all costs .
 Meryl Streep and Julianne Moore were equally as good if not better than Nicole Kidman in this movie . I really have to wonder why the academy gave the oscar only to Kidman.And ... as I watched the extra interviews with the actresses , I found myself thinking , `` Who is that Nicole Kidman ? '' She looks nothing like the Kidman I know today , December 22nd , 2004 . What did she do to her face ? Botox ? Today there is no expression in her face and her eyebrows are flat . THAT Kidman , in those interviews is the princess we all fell in love with in film . The faded blonde hair of late , the flat eyebrows and expressionless brow take the uncommon beauty out of her.I gave this movie two stars for Mel Harris , Meryl Streep , Julianne Moore , and Kidman . It was a mesmerizing film , but it was ultimately too in love with itself .
 I just try to figure out why they made this movie.The story is simple and it 's possible to resume in few words
 You need to be well versed in literature to understand this film - even then it is not a great piece of work . It is simply about depressed self-absorbed lesbians . There is little else for anyone that does not fit into one of those categories . Not even Kidman and Streep 's superb acting skills could resurrect this film from the dust bin .
 For many decades now I have been convinced that `` The Sound of Music '' was the worst film ever made , and , furthermore , that no film could possibly be made which could even approach it in its utter repulsiveness and thoroughgoing badness.WRONG !!!!! I have now seen a movie which beats `` The Sound of Music '' by several miles , and which I am now similarly convinced will and can NEVER be worsted , NEVER.And the winnah is : THE HOURS!I ca n't find the words to express how thoroughly , utterly , entirely , totally , supremely and breathtakingly BAD this movie is . `` The Sound of Music '' had at least one redeeming spark , the song `` My Favorite Things '' , which could at least be turned into a masterpiece by John Coltrane , to the extent that one can momently forget the hideous nightmare of J. Andrews and the vile kids doing it in the movie . `` The Hours '' has no redeeming features at all . NONE . With every scene , new depths of staggeringly bad acting , astonishingly facile dialogue and totally unconvincing characterization are achieved . It 's like a raging river of sewer that 's burst its banks . Quite compelling actually -- you ca n't take your eyes off it , as at the scene of a gruesome car wreck . You keep saying
 Lots of big names but very slow , boring and depressing . Simple plot that 's over expanded . I had big expectations being bombarded with publicity for this movie . It 's a thorough waste of my time !!
 I thought when I saw this movie it would be entertaining , but it was n't . The theme of this movie homosexuality , sucide and mental ilness is not my form of entertainment . This movie was the worst one I ever seen except for the movie American Beauty . Please do n't go to see this movie .
 Through the whole movie I tried to sort out who ` Mrs Dollaway ' was , and who wrote about her . Okay I thought Nicloe Kidman is the writer and Laura Brown is her character , Mrs. Dollawy is a depressed woman that has a sweet little boy , expecting another child and a husband that dearly loves her.And for this she is sad and depressed . Genrally people contemplate suicde when real bad stuff happens . And maybe a woman can feel unfullfilled with her life , but to contemplate sucide ?! I thought Laura Brown was the character in the book , until I saw her reading the book , in the hotel.Then it seemed like Ed Harris wrote ` MRS. DOLLAWAY ' because Laura Brown was his mother.I can not enjoy a movie with twisting confusing plots , where as I am trying to figure out what the heck is going on!Out of the 3 leading female characters , Meryl Streep is the only women that has any depth or moxie . The other 2 women are faint , frail , self indulgent , self centered , little whimps.When I saw it advertised , I was actually looking forward to watching this movie . It is so true , that you can not tell a book from it 's cover . It was a waste of my time and money to rent this movie . I am thankful I did not buy it .
 The story is told in three different time periods . First is the story of Virginia Woolf -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- , a writer who feels trapped in her own mind and in the retraints of the world around her . Next is Laura Brown -LRB- Julianne Moore -RRB- , a woman of the 1950s who is reading Woolf 's Mrs. Dalloway . She too feels trapped in her daily life . She is a failure as a woman because she can not do the mundane things a housewife is expected to do like bake a cake . Last is Clarissa Vaughan -LRB- Meryl Streep -RRB- who is planning a party for her writer friend that is dying of AIDs -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- . A theme of the film besides hating life is lesbianism , a contributor to the sentiment of entrapment.The problem with the film is that the characters are next to impossible to relate to or to sympathize with . Each of them inflict themselves with their pain . Each act with no regard for the people around them . Their problems seem whiney and selfish as a result.Marlene Dietrich was right in her assumptions about the Academy Awards and who wins them . She claimed that when an actress played an invalid , a person with a mental illness , or an ugly person , the actress was assured an Oscar . This prediction has come true with Kidman . The extent of her performance is staring into the distance with a cigarette in her mouth and one minor outburst with her husband.This is hardly an interesting movie ; it drags slowly to peak with a predictable and forced climax . It redeems itself with wonderfully re-created historical sets and costumes .
 I was disappointed in this movie . The cast was great but the story was slow and not to my taste .
 For those of you who like Lesbian movies , this will be great for you . This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Boring ! Do n't waste your money .
 I do not have much to say about movie `` The Hours '' . All I will say is that I wasted an hour of my life on watching it in theaters . This movie is short , dull , boring , and its about deeply trouble lesbians . The critics out there must be crazy ! They are hailing this movie as best picture of the year ! Give me a break ! It shocks me to hear that this dull movie has actually been nominated for nine Academy Awards ! This movie is terrible . I do NOT recommend you watch it .
 I should have learned my lesson by now . When a film is touted as a `` must see film '' by movie critics , I 'll remember this film and make sure I do n't waste my time or money to see it . I would n't recommend renting this film for home viewing either . This film starts out depressing and I kept waiting for it to get better . This was just another vehicle for Hollywood to push homosexuality and lesbianism as a normal way of life . There was nothing in the previews or reviews to alert the public as to content and what they could expect if they went to see this film . I tried to find something in the film to keep me watching but gave up after 50 minutes and left along with several others . Walking out was refreshing after the doom and gloom I had just endured .
 I do n't really know what the magnificent reviews are all about . I guess when you have actors like Meryl Streep and Nicole Kidman the critics tend to get overexcited . I was very upset by this movie . It theme was morbid and the music even more depressing . I guess in times like these it is the `` IN '' thing to constantly harp on themes like homosexuality and lesbianism , but this is not an uplifting movie . When I go to see a film it is to be entertained and come out with a good feeling . This film certainly failed on that count . I do n't want to see women kissing women , AIDS victims throwing themselves out of the window and women drowning themselves in a lake . This story is about misfits who can not accept life . Aside from the acting , which was great , I hated the film . I 'm sorry I bought it and will soon dump it . Hollywood is becoming obsessed with the gay issues .
 What a boring and dark film !! We watched it because of all the hype about this movie from media . What a waste of talent and film !! What tries to be a moving story turns out to be a disappointment . Actually , it was n't all that disappointed as we were not anticipating anything out of the film to begin with . What we did learn was that there was a lot of homosexual overtones to each of the characters . I did n't have a problem with how the movie cut back and forth to each of the 3 characters , however , the stories were very unattractive . It made you want to slap each of them and say `` Snap out of it !! Grow up and be glad you are alive ! '' Seriously , each of these characters brooded over everything . Kidman 's character was the worst . Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this terrible movie . This movie and `` American Beauty '' are in the same boat . Let 's hope it sinks and goes straight to the bottom !!
 this film was truly awful and a waste of my time ... I thought there would be a deeper view of these women and their emotions in their time but the point was lost ... took days to finally figure there was just no point to this movie . . if you want to see these actresses kiss other women see it but if you are looking for some deep emotional drama that delves into the complexity of a woman do n't bother seeing this .
 The Hours is one of the most tedious experiences I have ever endured . I did n't pay to watch it and it still sucked supremely . Boring as it gets , the only redeeming thing you can possibly say about this film is that most of the time the cinematographer got things in focus and the actors all give good performances , as much as this yawn-inspiring story will allow . The script would be overlong if it was just a one hour show.The score by Phillip Glass is unremarkable except for the fact that it is totally overdone in sections -LRB- for example , when Julianne Moore 's character leaves her son with someone -RRB- and tries to manipulate viewers into caring about the characters or situations , something I could just not do.Anyone who thinks this is a fine film is mistaken . Watch something else or go for a walk instead . This is a turkey , gobble , gobble , gobble . I rarely review movies , but this was so bad I felt compelled to save people from a lot of pain . I do n't mind chick flicks , but please , DO NOT WATCH THIS , unless you need a cure for insomnia . I needed a cup of coffee after barely 30 minutes . It is a waste of time . Maybe it should 've been called `` The 3 Mrs. DULLaways . ''
 This film was excellent from a technical standpoint - the three timeframes were seamlessly blended and the cinema work was great . For that I give it 2 stars.Having said that , the story itself was little more than a blatant celebration of homosexuality and lesbianism . It is a sad testimony that so much effort is being made to ` make mainstream ' a deviant lifestyle.Interesting that the advertising never points out the true nature of the film - otherwise , my wife and I would never have gone to see it .
 When I rented this DVD , I thought it would be a breakthrough in cinema , or thats how a lot of people put it ... boy , what the hell were they thinking ? This movie had absolutley NO plot , and the acting was not so great -LRB- and why did Nicole Kidman win Best Actress ??? The mystery lives on ... -RRB- This movie is about a bunch of lesbians -LRB- yes , everybody in this movie is a lesbian or a gay -RRB- who want to kill themselves or are thinking deeply about it ! This movie was very boring , and very hard to follow whatever Virginia Wolfe was rambling on about in famous quotes , such as '' ... death ... is ... possible ... '' -LRB- yeah , no s ** t lady -RRB- The entire time my family and I were watching this movie , the only thing we could think about was `` WHEN IS SHE GOING TO KILL HERSELF ALREADY ??? '' This movie is about three ill-fated , weak , suicidal woman who cry over everything !!! There is no development in characters , and it just all seems like a waste of time and THANK GOD we rented this movie for free !!! PLEASE D NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE !!! I RECCOMEND IT TO NOBODY !!! Believe me , dont listen to the critics ... this film is nothing deep , special , symbolic , or breakthroughing in cinema ... its boring crap !!!
 This dreary , boring movie seemed to go on for days ! Sorry , but I could not find a shred of empathy for these characters and ca n't believe it received so many oscar nominations and an oscar for best actress . This is not entertainment .
 OK - my admiration for the author of `` To the Lighthouse '' approaches reverence , so I was skeptical of Cunningham 's `` The Hours '' -LRB- too cute , surely -RRB- , but I picked it up & was entranced
 Yes , it 's Virginia Wolfe , and yes it 's Streep , Kidman and Moore , all very well respected actors . But COME ON ! I hated it . It 's so DEEP that one is supposed to bow down and grovel at its ' inner meaning and mensa level plot . Kidman was better in Days of Thunder and Eye Wide Shut -LRB- that statement was sarcasm for those who were n't sure -RRB- . Oh well , I 've never felt the impulse to write one of these reviews before but I just felt compelled to air my feelings . I absolutely love the movies . I am seduced by good plots and great characterizations . This was boring and tedious . Do n't waste your time or money unless you need to have something to chat about at your next afternoon tea in the Hamptons .
 What a load of tripe this film turned out to be . It 's completely humorless , pointless , and incredibly pretentious . It has all of the depression of Ingmar Bergman 's studies on madness and depression but with none of his artistry or insight into the human condition . You know zero about the three leads conditions nor do you care , it all seems to be an excuse to show off film editing techniques and to allow a crew of fine actors/actresses to `` shine '' by overacting in hopes of winning the coveted golden statue . An hour into the film I wished they would all stop their crying and carry out their suicidal urgings so I could move on to a real film .
 I ca n't understand why people raved about it . It is full of neurotic people , self-centered , solipsistic characters who take themselves so seriously and with such verbosity against a background of plaintive music that you 're grateful when someone finally succeeds at dying.The movie is very good at evoking the sense ofclaustrophobia that the characters feel , but the characters are not themselves interesting enough to justify the overwrought emotions this movie tries to stampede over us.Interesting narrative structure , interweavingthree separate stories , two of which mirror events in Woolf 's book Mrs. Dalloway , and a surprise ending . Still , a disappointment and hardly deserving of the raves it got .
 I counted 4 suicides , 3 lesbian kisses -LRB- all sad -RRB- , a terminal homosexual AIDS patient , artificial insemination -LRB- fatherless daugther -RRB- , mental depression , child abandonment -LRB- very sad eyes -RRB- and breast cancer . I could go on with the depressing themes but you get the idea . Add in annoying time shifts and you have a huge chick flick flop .
 This movie is pointless and a poor transition from page to screen . The book was lovely and moving . The movie dull and lifeless , and the musical score has to be one of the worst in modern history . I will give the actors all A 's for effort , but their talent is wasted here .
 Boring and pointless . If you want a deep and thoughtful film , try the foreign section of your video store . There is no motivation as to why Julianna Philips ' character wants to kill herself . I do n't think a failed birthday cake warrants such drastic measures . Her character is dull , and perhaps has more going on inside her head , then is relayed to the audience . And what about Kidman 's fake nose and glasses . If an actor ca n't play the role from within her own instincts and needs cheap props to get them there , it 's time to revisit acting class .
 Tremendous cast - well acted . Still , a deeply disappointing film . While it was a well-made film , I did n't find it deserving of the accaim it has received.The plot was too melodramatic -- all truly brilliant women are lesbian , eccentric , depressed , and suicidal . In my opinion it was a not so subltle attempt to villify the nuclear family , portray marriage between men and women as oppressive , and promote the notion the only truly fulfilled woman is the openly gay middle-aged Clarissa.That 's art ?
 This moving is awful
 This movie was disturbing . It makes me mad and sad when parents do inappropriate things with their children around !! Although they really should n't be doing it at all ... I could n't even finish watching the last half hour or so . No wonder they were troubled ... They need JESUS .
 I thought this movie was a complete waste of time . The movie was hard to follow and really had no good point . I ca n't even believe I sat through the whole thing ! I love a good biography and good acting , but this storyline did not hold my interest . I almost dozed off a few times . I do n't even want to give away the movie . I would feel bad knowing other people would be wasting 2 precious hours of their lives .
 I found this movie dull and two-dimensional . The plot is about three women in three different time periods -LRB- only separated by about 40 years each -RRB- , who are depressed . The plot connects the people through a book by Virginia Woolf . I am not sure what the point of view of the writer was . There are several philosophical statements repeated . It seems that the movie is about people not living the way they want to live . It never seems to develop completely . However , the acting is superb . As a woman , I did not feel a connection to this movie .
 All i could keep thinking was-What is the point of this movie ? It STINKS !!! I saw it at a preview screening for free and still wanted to walk out.Kidman was the worst in this bad excuse for a movie.She is MUCH MUCH better in Moulin Rouge .
 The plot of this movie was basically about three suicidal , depressed , lesbians in different time periods who all had something to do with the book `` Mrs. Dalloway '' . I spent the entire movie trying to figure out the point of it and when it ended I was confused and disgusted . I think this movie was a waste of The Hours I spent watching it .
 I bought The Hours for cheap , so I was impressed , and for once , ended up watching it within a couple of days of buying - not something I do often , judging by my `` to watch '' pile!I always watch the trailers first on the DVD , if they 're available . Some people disagree with this . Personally , I like doing it . Plus , I like watching the `` coming soon '' trailers too - it always gives me an idea as to what DVDs to add to my wishlist etc. I watched The Hours with my Dad , and actually had to WAKE him up at the end - now he never falls asleep at movies . I do . What is The Hours about ? Three women , with very little lives , and feeling trapped at every turn . Yes , there are also women kissing in this movie , for the guys - and girls I guess.I did n't identify with any of the women , I found the film quite dull , and uninteresting . It had so much promise . And I could n't handle watching Ed Harris in his role - normally I love him too!I would n't recommend this movie - maybe it 's because I have n't read the book , I do n't know . I 'd be interested in reading the book , perhaps , but I still have quite a few books on my `` to read '' list . -LRB- Stop buying books and DVDs ! -RRB- I 'll still keep the DVD - after all it was only cheap , and if I ever read the book , I might give it another try again .
 `` The Hours '' is an angst-ridden , overacted , impossibly written mess . I can not understand how so many people could find it compelling . From the moment that Ed Harris falls to his doom , the movie becomes a convoluted , ignorant joke . The final sequences in the movie are so questionable and impossible that it defies description . Can so many charcters be so unlikable in one movie ? The answer , unfortunately , is `` yes . '' Why the heck is Meryl Streep 's character gay ... when she clearly has a thing for Ed Harris ' character ? Just why does Julianne Moore 's character seem so close to a breakdown , yet miraculously `` chooses life '' by becoming a librarian in Canada and somehow becomes an all-powerful woman ? Why on earth does the Ed Harris character tell people his mom committed suicide when he knows she did not ? This is such an immature movie trick ... and this was up for umpteen Oscars!If one word can describe this movie best , it 's `` goofy . '' It tries so hard to be profound and deep that it makes one want to rent an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie -LRB- well , almost -RRB- . And , do n't say that just because I 'm male that I ca n't `` understand '' this movie . Frankly , I do n't think that just because someone is female , that they should be bored senseless , either . This movie has `` earned '' one star because I expected so much more , what with the stars in the film , all the fine press it received , and all of the awards it was up for . What a letdown ! If the viewer can see past the `` in your face '' acting ; the cartoonish characters ; and the beyond description impossibility of the script , one will see `` The Hours '' for what it truly is ... `` The Wasted Two Hours . ''
 I feel that The Hours was well acted and the idea behind it -LRB- the 3 woman timeline a la Woolf -RRB- was interesting as well.That being said , I feel as if The Hours was about tortured , latent homosexual women who are tortured by the fact that they 're gay/bi and because of oppressive societal stigmas decide to stay tortured about it . A sadder `` sack '' I 've never had stuffed over my head!Julianne Moore 's character wanders away -LRB- no spoilers please ! -RRB- because she 's gay and either ca n't handle it or needs to explore it -LRB- was that too much info ? -RRB- and Meryl Streep 's character , who 's openly gay but is losing her mind because ... well , because she 's a self-sorry , self-indulgent goof who lives for the drama , ca n't stand getting older and compounds her self-loathing ... strike that . This character is too weak-minded for self-loathing -LRB- See ! Great acting ! -RRB- . So she tortures herself even more by acting as caretaker to a poet friend who has AIDS , was abandoned by Mommy and is also just too tortured to live anymore . Pheww!Either I was n't in the mood for the swelling piano scored , tortured woman/artist thing , or I 'm just getting too old and impatient with that stuff.At the end , when Kidman -LRB- as Virginia Woolf -RRB- is drowning herself by walking right into the deep part of this river , all I 'm thinking is `` Man . That 's not enough rocks in the pocket to do the job right . -LRB- She put ROCKS in her pockets ! Is that supposed to be some heavy-duty , weight-of-the-world symbolism or just a practical measure to ensure more efficient drowning ? She should just tie herself off round the neck to a good-sized boulder , kick that bad boy into the river and voila ! There you go ! `` While drowning herself , the narration of the letter she writes to her husband , Leonard , about her impromptu `` swim '' is as follows
 Like many film fans , I eagerly awaited this much-heralded movie . This much must be said about `` The Hours '' - the performances are excellent . Kidman , Streep and Moore do not disappoint - nor does Ed Harris in his portrayal of the film 's most underdeveloped character . The problem lies in the script
 Crashing bore of a movie , done with flare and with passionately exquisite acting . Moore 's performance is the least interesting of the three , although her depression is probably the most familiar to us , that is , as an ill-defined form of dread and boredom , unexplained by events . Moore is good at playing stiff , somehow capturing the 50 's look to perfection , but `` stiff '' is hard to dramatize effectly , so here and elsewhere Moore has established a strangely cold persona , sexless and lifeless . Streep is not depressed but is forced to suffer the company of a psychologically troubled , embittered misfit , the sort of poet-nut whom the media takes up and celebrates . Harris gives us the `` Philadelphia '' look of the aids victim , beany cap and all , but in the end it 's not very interesting . No wonder he 's slated to win a prize but chooses to kill himself instead . Streep looks great and dresses to the nines throughout , a classic classy New York broad , a bleeding-heart all the way . She 's sucked into the loser 's downward spiral and ca n't escape . When he goes , the audience has to hold its breath to keep from applauding . Virginia Woolf is the most compelling figure , a writer of vast and real talent who deserves one 's attention . Here we get a brilliantly performed piece , a subtle , lovely depiction of a real literary star . As good as Streep 's New York editor is , Kidman 's Woolf is a tour de force , a dramatic treat . It may be the best thing she 's ever done or likely to do . Streep , on the other hand , will surely go on to do far more interesting work . The story is boring , filled with heavy portent . Depression is a fashionable favorite , which is why comedy is passed over by the Oscars . These episodes are thin , indeed , and in the end we hve to ask
 I can understand why this movie got the `` Oscar '' for best performing actress , simply because the acting of the three leading ladies are outstanding ! , I understand the plot but I still believe this movie was missing something , a high point , something , it just somehow gets kind of lost in monotony . Nicole Kidman is unrecognizable , her make up is great , Julianne Moore has been denied by the award comitee for years , she 's a great actress she deserves one already , and Meryl Streep as always saving a play that lack of a true stunning ending , I just lost this movie at the end ...
 1 -RRB- to behave just like Cera -LRB- or in other words -- like a brat -RRB- 2 -RRB- to head-butt -LRB- think
 Was wondering why the behavior and grammar of my two kids has plummeted recently . This film is awful Me no let them watch it anymore !
 I 've enjoyed the eight previous Land Before Time adventures , but not this one . Rent it before you buy it . I 'm glad I did . I feel the animation and dialogue are not as good as others , the voices are different and more irritating , and Cera is more negative than usual . I realize that this review is also negative and may not get many helpful votes from readers ... but really , I 'm not criticizing just to criticize . Rent before you buy .
 My grandma got this for me yesterday and I thought it was stupid , boring , and just right down dumb . I mean , Why bring back `` The big water '' . It was stupid the first time but now it 's really dumb . Littlefoot 's voice has cracked more than 3 times , Cera is just a pain-in-the-butt , Ducky is having a serious speech impedement , Petrie is still referring to himself in third-person , and this dumb-as-a-doorknob shark named Mo is really getting annoying . I do n't know why people keep putting great reviews about this . If you ask me , the first movie was bad enough but this going way to far .
 Sorry but ever since the 7th one was made the company made pretty bad sequils , I once the 12th one aproves the whole series . I just think they need new writers on the set , I have some pretty good ideas ...
 Please stop these horrid cheapquels . The animation & songs are increasingly horrible with each sequel . The original movie in this series is a classic -LRB- which I 'd buy in a heartbeat if it was offered in widescreen -RRB- . As soon as Don Bluth passes away he will begin turning over in his grave . Children over the age of 5 -LRB- unless they have had a lobotomy -RRB- will leave the room if you put any of the sequels in your dvd player .
 A vampire preys on a young woman . A virgin falls for a boy in school only to learn he is a vampire . Set in Bodega Bay , California . Do n't fall for King 's gimmick - he 's mediocre . It plays more like a drama than a horror film . But there is a monster sequence at the end .
 I love watching movie adaptations of Stephen King 's work . When I came across `` Sleepwalkers '' , I thought it would be interesting . However , I was a little skeptic because I had n't ever heard of it , but then realized that King directly made this into a movie without making it a book first . After watching the entire movie , I can clearly say that unless you are a die-hard King fan , you can avoid this movie at all costs.The story is about the Brady family consisting of Charles -LRB- acted by Brian Krause , who nowadays is famous for his role as ` Leo ' in the hit TV show `` Charmed '' -RRB- and his mother Mary -LRB- played by Alice Krige -RRB- , who move to Travis , Indiana . However , we know from the beginning that they are not who they say they are ; in fact , they are n't even human beings . They are the Sleepwalkers - shape shifting creatures who feast on female virgins to keep themselves alive . Their only flaw is that they are vulnerable to cats . Anyway , Charles has his eyes on his next victim , who happens to be a high school cheerleader called Tanya -LRB- played by M&auml;dchen Amick -RRB- and enrolls in the same class as her to seduce her . Will the Sleepwalkers be stopped in time or is it the end for Tanya?I really wanted to enjoy this movie , but there are SO many holes in the storyline , which makes me confused to enjoy it , such as :1 -RRB- In the first scene of the movie , we see a bunch of dead cats hanging around the house , which proves that the Sleepwalkers can fight it and kill it . If that 's the case , why were Charles and his mother afraid to even go outside their house to fight the cats off , instead of putting lame traps around them ? We know they are not like vampires , and can walk during daylight .2 -RRB- When Tanya comes over to see Charles in his home , Charles realizes that the mirror reflects their true appearance , and pushes them to another room . So he knows he should avoid mirrors and other things , but yet in the graveyard , he lets Tanya take pictures of him ? What 's that all about ? Okay , once or twice is fine , but he does n't even stop her ! 3 -RRB- Thirdly , as Michael R Gates mentioned in his review , what is the point of the incest scenes between Charles and his mother ? It does n't progress the story in any way at all . It 's not like they are mating to reproduce another of their kind -LRB- which would have made more sense -RRB- . There are many more questions , but I do n't want to bore you with the details . The point is this movie was too confusing and silly to even enjoy it . The plus point is , the cast acted well , and we get to see King himself make an appearance , along with other horror creators Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper . Unfortunately , even with the cast , the story does n't get any better . In fact , I felt sorry for the Sleepwalkers , because they are alone and they just need to keep themselves alive.All in all , you can watch this movie if you have a lot of free time on your hands , but do n't rent it in hopes of getting scared , or seeing something interesting , unless you are a fan of one of the cast members .
 I bought this for a friend and watched it with him . I knew it would be bad and it was . I guess if you like this kind of thing then it would be good for you . I on the other hand have taste .
 Arguably one of the worst flicks to which the name of horror master Stephen King is connected , 1992 's SLEEPWALKERS was touted as the `` first King story written expressly for the screen . '' Unfortunately , King must have written the story when he himself was sleepwalking , 'cause the flick 's a genuine snooze-fest . The story is set in a small midwestern town , where Mrs. Brady -LRB- Alice Krige -RRB- and her son , Charles -LRB- Brian Krause -RRB- , have settled . But though they share the surname of that venerable family of classic TV , the resemblance ends there , as the members of THIS Brady family are long-lived shape-shifting monsters called Sleepwalkers -- why they are known by this particular moniker is never really clear -- sort of half-human , half-feline demons who feed off the life force of female virgins.Although they have successfully assimilated themselves into the lifestyle of their small town , the Sleepwalker 's cover is soon blown when Charles obsesses on having classmate Tanya -LRB- Madchen Amick -RRB- for his next victim . But it 's not the town Sheriff nor seasoned monster-hunters who save Tanya and the rest of the town from the seemingly all-powerful Sleepwalkers . No , it 's Tanya 's cat , Klovis , and his feline friends who save the day . Turns out that Sleepwalkers and domestic house cats have been mortal enemies for centuries , and our feline friends are the only thing that have any sort of power over the deadly demons.For the most part , the plot of SLEEPWALKERS is nonsensical , and though the audience is given some flimsy clues here and there , having Klovis the cat turn out to be the Van Helsing of the Sleepwalker universe comes across as a Deus ex Machina of the corniest kind . Even worse , the script 's dialogue is mostly ludicrous , and the incestuous relationship between Mrs. Brady and son seems unnecessary and extraneous to the overall story -LRB- what little there is of a story -RRB- . Definitely not King 's best effort.Still , SLEEPWALKERS is not without a few minor virtues . There are cameo appearances by King and his horror-maven friends John Landis , Joe Dante , Clive Barker , and Tobe Hooper . Genre fans will also get a kick out of the inside-joke casting of actor Ron Perlman as police captain Soames . -LRB- For the uninitiated , Perlman rose to fame portraying the titular feline-like beast in the 1980s TV series BEAUTY AND THE BEAST . -RRB- Also , the film 's theme song , a creepy but catchy little ditty called `` Sleepwalk , '' is really cool and has become a staple on a myriad of Halloween - and horror-themed web sites . Alas , these virtues just are n't enough to raise the quality of the overall flick.Though the DVD from Columbia-Tristar does feature the film in both anamorphic widescreen and pan-and-scan , the disc is a no-frills offering that has nothing to entice horror fans to add the film to their collections -LRB- an interview with King would 've been nice -RRB- . No wonder SLEEPWALKERS often ends up in the bargain bins at discount stores.In short , SLEEPWALKERS is a rather lame horror flick . As Stephen King 's first direct-to-screen offering , it might be of minor interest to fans of the horror maven , but most other viewers will want to steer clear of this clunker .
 If you 're the kind of movie-goer who enjoys original content and intelligent suspense ... then look elsewhere , kids , cause Sleepwalkers really sucks . Usually I 'm more eloquent than that , but ... wow ... this was bad . I especially love it when Charles offers Tanya a ride home , she declines , and then he is seen WALKING HOME . Where 's his car ?? Anyway , just do n't see it , folks . I really want to be more specific , but words escape me . Cats jumping on people . A guy getting stabbed by corn . Cheesey lines up the proverbial `` wazoo '' . Just do n't see it . Wait , I take that back ! See it for writer Stephen King 's cameo as the guy who owns the graveyard . He 's actually pretty good . Even with guest appearances by Mark Hamill and Ron Perlman , King gives the best performance of the film . But , other than that ... wow ... BAD .
 Bad special effects , a completely wooden plot nailed to cardboard characters , bad acting and cheesy gore effects do not compliment would could have been a very scary movie . Inexplicably incestious Cat people live like cia undercover agents in a small town , and stake out victims to gain energy . There is no explanation as to what these creatures are , and basically the whole thing is a solid vehicle for a bunch of scenes involving painfully conspicious latex prop limbs being torn and split while the creatures feed off of the energy of fresh victims -LRB- one scene where a man has his hand cut off actually rivals luke skywalker 's incredibly unconvincing appendage loss in `` The Empire Strikes Back -RRB- . The cat people themselves are reminiscent of japanese rubber suit monsters -LRB- one almost expects power rangers to jump out -RRB- and the morphing special effects look ridiculous . Entertaining enough to warrant watching the whole thing ... even If not for any reason it intended to be .
 Well the it starts out pretty good . the plot is alright , the actors are pretty good and the special effects are amazing for when it was done . Then in the end it all gets wacky ... almost like a comedy . One scene when the seriously dissturbed mom -LRB- Alice Krige -RRB- kills a guy whit a corncob ! But when it really gets bad is in the end when you see how the `` sleepwalkers really look ...
 hi there the blue ray is not working can u sed we a naer one all my money back thanks .
 This gets 2 stars solely for the scene where the police officer is fatally stabbed with an ear of corn .
 Ah , yes , that would be Stephen King 's `` Sleepwalkers '' . Wow , this movie is GARBAGE and it sure stinks like a sewer . This movie is about as scary as Mary Poppins and is almost as stupid as the horrendous `` American Werewolf in Paris '' !! The plot is pathetic -LRB- I will not rehash this disgrace of a plot -RRB- and so are these so called `` sleepwalkers '' . The acting is horrible and the directing is atrocious . I have thrown this DVD in the garbage where it belongs ... I do not even have the heart to sell this trash to anybody . All I have to say is good riddance to some very bad rubbish .
 Three stars ???? Proof once again of people 's low standards and Hollywood 's ability to shove steaming crap into the public 's mouths and have them swallow happily.Another on my list of Top Ten Worst Movies I 've Ever Seen .
 DO NOT SEE THIS HORRID BAD SORRY EXCUSE FOR A MOVIE
 Charles and Mary seem to have the ideal life - she his beautiful mother , he her handsome and devoted son . Sharing a house in one of those beautiful and idyllic northern California towns we see in countless straight-to-video/cable movies , they lead a life free of all cares except two
 Stephen King adapatations can usually be put into two categories - outstanding or awful . This effort falls into the latter one . It 's about an incestuous mother and son who are sleepwalkers . By this it means that they feed off smalltown virgins and are terrified of cats not , as you might imagine , that they walk in their sleep or even that they can only come out at night . When the couple arrive at a new town they find the perfect candidate for their next meal . However , as anyone who has watched a horror movie before will know , teenage girls are always stronger than they first appear.It 's hard to pinpoint what was worst about ` Sleepwalkers ' . The mother and son relationship is presented in front of the audience but never explored , just exploited with every reply being ` oh mother ' . The acting , too , is hammy . Plus , there are very few scares as house cats represented as fearless demon killers is quite frankly ludicrous . Still , there 's something reasonably interesting in seeing a house surrounded by cats in a way reminiscent of Hitchcock 's ` The Birds ' . If there 's anything redeemable about this movie at all it 's the special effects and make-up , which are highly impressive , and the spotting of various cameos from Stephen King , Tobe Hooper and Mark Hamill . This is one of those rare movies that seems to take itself a little bit too seriously in straining to achieve some kind of sympathy for the hideoues sleepwalkers of the title . In doing so , it actually becomes very amusing and has all the makings of a small cult classic . But it 's still atrocious .
 No la vi y no tengo nada para decir . La recibi en tiempo y forma . Y nada mas para decir . Si alguien la vio y tine ganas de contarmela , aguardo los comentarios . No ttengo intenci&ograve;n de verla por el momento
 The best adaptations of Stephen King 's many novels -LRB- The Shining , The Shawshank Redemption , Dolores Claiborne -RRB- evoke the same pathos and potency of their source materials , even when straying far from their thematic essence . Though hardly of the same caliber , those more conventional and compliant filmic presentations of King 's material -LRB- The Dead Zone , Stand By Me , The Dark Half -RRB- are also worth watching . Then there are the intolerable dregs
 The Sleepwalkers want your soul and they 'll do anything just to get it . From the opening scene with hanging cats to the who cares final showdown , this hokey horror movie sprouts probably one of the worst ways to die in a movie ... by getting a piece of corn stuck in your back . Brian Krause -LRB- tv 's Charmed -RRB- plays Charles who lives with his mother , Alice Krige and they really , really love each other ... I mean , really and truly and it shows . The lovely Madchen Amick -LRB- Dream Lover , Twin Peaks -RRB- plays Tanya who gets involved with Charles . Soon things turn array as Charles attacks Tanya turning into a hideous cat like creature ... `` Sleepwalker '' ... so Tanya gets away and Charles is left to die but his mother wants revenge on her son ... so she goes on a rampage and nabs Tanya so she can get her soul to survive ... also they hat cats . Some truly cheesy special effects with medium gore galore . Dont expect much from the master of horror Stephen King ... he appears in a cameo in this movie as well as directors Joe Dante -LRB- Gremlins -RRB- , John Landis -LRB- American Werewolf In London , Blues Brothers -RRB- and Tobe Hooper -LRB- The Funhouse , The Texas Chainsaw Massacre -RRB- . Also Mark Hamill -LRB- The Star Wars Trilogy -RRB- has a cameo at the beginning as well . The incest between the mother and son isnt interesting its just too creepy and gave me a head ache . The coolest person in this movie was that cat ... especially when the black cop was like `` Get the bad guy ... get the bad guy '' So , thats my story and I am sticking to it .
 It 's terrible ! About the only thing it had going for it were the special effects and the musical score . Do n't get me wrong , I love Stephen King , and I love scary movies , but this one is just plain sick .
 I 've seen some really good movies from Stephen King , but Sleepwalkers was just bad . The movie has some funny scenes and an eerie musical score , but that 's it . I guess I know why Stephen King did n't write Sleepwalkers as a book first .
 Ouch . When the big ones fall , they fall hard . `` Sleepwalkers '' has the distinction of being the first film Stephen King ever wrote directly for the screen , and much like his first directing gig -LRB- the abominable `` Maximum Overdrive '' -RRB- , the results indicate that he should wise up and stick to books . At least the movie is laughably bad , which means it 's still enjoyable on some level , rather than just BAD bad.I wo n't lie . You will get to see some things you 've never seen onscreen before , like a guy getting stabbed to death with an ear of corn . And you do get to look at the beautiful lead actress , one of the most adorable women ever . But the dialogue is moronic . The cat people are not scary . Indeed , Clovis , the police `` attack cat '' , proves to be a far more formidable adversary than the lunkhead male lead . Throw in a teen-molesting teacher , an incestuous mother-son relationship , and an idiot cop , and you get a bevy of laughs -LRB- mostly unintentional -RRB- , which at least partially redeems your wasted 90 minutes.Here 's a fun drinking game
 I really wanted to like this movie . I like everybody in it . But in the end -LRB- without blowing the story -RRB- , it was a farcical tale about a bunch of fanatics who are so obsessed with their singular ideal that when we learn the truth about what is going on , they become so completely unsympathetic to the point of being moronic.If the filmmakers were trying to make a film showing the pointlessness of being such an individual , then I would have to say , `` Job well done . ''
 This film disappoints me . You take Kate Winslet -LRB- MY FAVORITE WORKING ACTRESS , PERIOD -RRB- , the phenomenal Kevin Spacey , the brilliant Laura Linney and the sultry Rhona Mitra , team them up with 2-Time Oscar nominated director Alan Parker and hand them the controversial subject of the death penalty and yet , when all is said and done , there is just something so off here.How does something like this happen?I admit , when I first saw this movie I really liked it , and I think that a lot of it had to do with the preconceived notions I would n't allow myself to see past . I wanted this to be all sorts of brilliant , and when it fell short I convinced myself that I was n't seeing what I was in fact seeing.I have to face the truth.The film follows a reporter , Bitsey Bloom -LRB- the name is the first of many missteps -RRB- , as she attempts to prove the innocence of former teacher David Gale who is accused of brutally murdering his friend Constance Harraway . He maintains his innocence despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary . His story sends Bitsey on a journey into the darkness that surrounded Constance 's death.A journey that is rather pointless.The film cuts back and forth between the present and past to develop the character 's and establish David 's innocence and keep the viewer on constant edge as they race against the clock with Bitsey to uncover the truth . There are the obvious creeps -LRB- Matt Craven is a ridiculously overworked clich&eacute; here -RRB- who have to be involved somehow , but the most ambiguous character is David himself , who just seems to be a lost soul . My issue here is that , when all is said and done and the twist upon a twist is finally revealed , it becomes apparent that the journey David sends Bitsey on is POINTLESS.It was all something that could have been revealed in a much easier way.The acting is a little all over the place , which is said when you consider the cast . To be honest , despite the absurdity of the film itself , Spacey is actually very , very good . He really captures the destitution of this man , which is given multiple layers when the end is revealed and you see that his depressive nature is not really a result of his ` impending death ' but more or less because of his conscience weighing heavy on his shoulders . The script did n't deserve his dedication to the role . Laura Linney is effective , but her character comes off less human and more clich&eacute; . Like I said , Winslet = the greatest actress working today , BUT , her performance here is weak . She just does n't do anything . I disagree with some friends who say she is Razzie worthy here -LRB- that is just plain dumb -RRB- , but she does n't deserve any accolades for this one . It 's is a barely there , somewhat uneven -LRB- thanks to the thankless script -RRB- and desperate performance.In the end it is the horribly constructed script that does this film in . It has an important message -LRB- the controversy surrounding the death penalty being legal murder is a strong one -RRB- but it is a message that has been perfectly developed in much better films -LRB- ` Dead Man Walking ' is one of the best films EVER MADE -RRB- . This is a pointless , messy and aggravating film that had all the elements to be perfection but wound up being a BIG mistake .
 Why either of these actors -LRB- Spacey and Winslett -RRB- got involved in this silly and insincere film is beyond me . Sure , if you put aside the subject matter , it could be deemed an entertaining , over the top , predictable , plodding , badly scripted thriller . However , to disregard the seriousness and worthiness of the subject matter here in such a crass way made me retch.Yes , there 's a twist at the end -LRB- as is the norm nowadays for films striving to be ` clever ' -RRB- but you will have sussed it out well before it happens .
 Some idiot sets himself up so that he has to get executed in order to convince society that it 's wrong to execute him . This would make a pretty good Three Stooges plot ; Larry and Curley set up Moe so he has to slap them so he can see how unjust it is to slap them.The statistical fact is that capital punishment is 100 % successful as a deterrent to murder ; every murderer who 's ever received capital punishment has never murdered again .
 In the 1800s , this story would have clearly been called `` a humbug '' , which today means a fraud . This movie is one long fraud , and a really preachy one at that . A complete waste of my time . The makers of this movie probably do n't realize that they just come across as preachy , liberal Hollywood types telling everybody else to become enlightened.As with other reviewers , I agree that if you want to see a thoughtful film that examines the death penalty , buy `` Dead Man Walking '' with Sean Penn and Susan Sarandon - now that 's a film worth watching .
 The film is directed by Alan Parker -LRB- British -RRB- , who picked up this script written by Charles Randolph , formerly professor of philosophy teaching in Vienna . And titular ` David Gale ' is a man waiting for execution in Death Row in , you know , the State of Texas , which sooner or later reminds us of one US President.Yes , using the form of thriller , the film is trying to be provocative , and that is about death penalty . David Gale , played by Kevin Spacey , is sentenced to death , and now waiting for the time . He is arrested for raping and murdering Constance -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , but the great irony is that he was once known as first-rate professor of philosophy in the academic world , and more importantly , as activist for abolishing capital punishment.Just three days before the execution , David Gale appoints one journalist Elizabeth Bloom -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- , and asks to come to meet him , and write a memoir of his life . David recounts his story , and during the short period the journalist begins to suspect that he is wrongly accused for the murder.The setting is not new ; a man -LRB- or woman -RRB- in Death Row , and someone outside the wall has to prove his/her innocence . But the originality -LRB- if I may call that way -RRB- lies in the last chapter of the film , which of course I can not reveal . All I can say is that , there is a big surprise -LRB- but not exactly a difficult one to guess -RRB- -- and the surprise is not a clever one as the film believes it to be . And moreover , it has a strong social message about the ethics surrounding capital punishment , but this argument looks , to me , a real suspect . In short , it 's off-putting , even pompous.And again I say , the message is about death penality , which needs more careful treatment . ` Dead Man Walking ' was tilted to one side , to be sure , but it showed the other side 's view , if not quite adequately . I do not endorse any opinion here , and do not want to . But ` The Life of David Gale ' handles this very hot social issue so carelessly that I could not help thinking that this film is actually damaging the cause it attempts to support.As a thriller , it is not bad ; but the incredible ending , and too showy acting -LRB- from you know who -RRB- just do not help , and if they really think that they -LRB- including co-producer Nicholas Cage -RRB- can raise a hot debate about this important issue , they are utterly mistaken .
 This movie was disturbing for all the wrong reasons . First , the acting ranged from superb -LRB- Spacey -RRB- to very good -LRB- Linney -RRB- to chew the scenery big-time -LRB- Kate -RRB- . The direction was great , and so was the screenplay . The movie , however , was n't enjoyable at all . It was simply cheap exploitation . Worth watching -LRB- rent it -RRB- , but only with a hand firmly on the FF button
 I would like to start off by saying that if you have yet to see this movie you may not want to read my review . In order to discuss a movie , in which the biggest flaw is the plot , requires that I discuss the plot.The biggest problem with this film is that it tries way to hard to impress and ultimately falls completely flat . The movie 's attempts to convince us that Kevin Spacey is completely innocent are ruined as soon as you wonder why the hell it took him so long to get someone to help clear his name . Spacey claims that he just wants his son to know that he was innocent , but is willing to die . A logical person would realize that it might be better to actually be released for you crime and then go see your son , but Winslett 's character lacks any and all logic so she buys the story . Perhaps I 'm too cynical but if the Usual Suspects has taught me anything , it 's that Kevin Spacey is EVIL.My next big complaint is the fact that Winslett 's attempt to save Spacey is thwarted by her car over-heating . Her car had over-heated earlier in the film and the cruel hand of fate saw to it that it over-heat at the exact moment she was trying to save a life ; what irony ! Worse yet is how melodramatic this scene is ; I actually broke out laughing at this part of the film.The last swerve in the film is so incredibly inane that it 's almost impossible to find the right wording to insult , but I 'll try . So , Spacey 's dead and Winslett feels bad because she was n't able to save him . A package arrives for her containing another videotape , which reveals that Spacey was all a part of the suicide to make a political statement about the death penalty . Let me get this straight ; Spacey is fine with everyone knowing that he died to make a point so long as they do n't know that he was in on it ? So he then sends a tape to a reporter proving that he was ? Huh ? Well , maybe that 's not the case ; maybe he sent it just for her benefit . But then that raises this important question
 and certainly one of the most offensive . The very definition of ill-conceived , the Life of David Gale puts across a miserable view of humanity , managing to paint those on both sides of the death penalty issue as either redneck ingrates or morally bankrupt zealots . It 's impossible for me to comprehend how Kevin Spacey , Kate Winslet and the other actors involved could have waded through this peurile script and deemed it worthy of their talents . Alan Parker horribly overdirects this obnoxious mess , practically every scene has some glaring detail that annoys . Characters butter rolls endlessly or stab at the air with oversize cigars , every once and awhile a quick montage of `` significant '' words will flash by onscreen . It 's amazing that this is the same man who directed the fabulous neo-noir Angel Heart and several other worthy films . The Life of David Gale is an abomination , a shameful cinematic stinkpile that hangs a tacky thriller on the hook of an incredibly complex , quintessentially human issue . The last shot will make you want to throw your beverage of choice at the screen . Finally , something both sides of the death penalty debate can agree on .
 I have never seen such a waste of talent before in a film before . We see Kevin Spacey playing the same role he 's played a million times , then we have sell out Kate Winslet with a bad American accent and the same facial expression throughout the entire film . The only good thing about this movie is Laura Linney 's performance . Avoid this Hollywood tripe at all costs !
 In the tradition of such rip-offs of Dead Man Walking , like the Sharon Stone downer Last Dance or the Clint Eastwood race against the clock True Crime , Hollywood yet again rehashes the man on death row plot formula . This time washed up , just-looking-for-a-paycheck director Alan Parker-who once made decent films like Midnight Express and Angel Heart , and one great creative experience known as Pink Floyd The Wall-takes two time Oscar winner turned Hollywood sell-out-or is he just being used and thrown out by the big city-Kevin Spacey and makes about the most bland uninteresting clich&eacute; filled ruckus of a film against the death penalty , The Life of David Gale.David Gale -LRB- Spacey -RRB- is the head of Death Watch , an advocacy group against capital punishment . He 's also a college professor who we learn has some dark tendencies , like sleeping with one of his students in a drunken stupor . After being accused of raping this damsel in distress , David basically loses his life-his wife leaves him , he loses his job at the college and as head of Death Watch , and he becomes even more of an alcoholic than he was before.The problem with The Life of David Gale is that his life is not all that interesting . The film is obviously trying to make him human with his sexual desires and failures . But really it just makes him seem pathetic . There 's this laughable scene where Spacey is stumbling through the streets , trying to act drunk , and I just could n't keep a straight face . What happened to the Kevin Spacey that gave such a darkly humorous performance in American Beauty , to the Spacey of the cripple Verbal Kent or the detective of the stars in L. A. Confidential?What we needed here was to see David in his heyday , fighting against capital punishment , displaying his passion and his reasoning , and his fall from this . The filmmakers try to achieve all this in one scene where he faces off with the Governor of Texas on TV , clearly a jab at President Bush -LRB- and rightly so -RRB- , where he wins the battle with his wits , but loses the war because of his elitist need of being all high and mighty instead of trying to win the debate.Bitsey Bloom , Kate Winslet 's overly melodramatic reporter , is just as shallow a character as David . Are we supposed to sympathize with her just because she cries numerous times ? If this role is n't a staged ploy for an Oscar for Winslet , I do n't know what is . To top it off , Laura Linney 's disease ridden victim when David goes forth with his pity lay just brings to mind a certain image with a certain quote , `` Chloe looked how Meryl Streep 's skeleton would look if you made it smile and walk around the party being extra nice to everyone . '' -LRB- Ed Norton as narrator in Fight Club -RRB- . If you watch the film in question that indemnifies 90 's pop culture , you 'll know what I mean.The biggest problem with The Life of David Gale is its obvious attempt to focus solely on the theme of being against capital punishment . The reason Dead Man Walking worked so well is because we got to know the two main characters so well , there was humanity in Penn 's murderer , and this is what screamed that the state 's function is not to kill people . Here , these are just caricatures and we do n't really care for them.Aside from Dead Man Walking , another good example of a film against the death penalty that does n't force its cause on you is Von Trier 's Dancer in the Dark . It 's about many things , from fantasy to sacrifice , and has a message , but in the end it does n't force it on you , it makes you think , it raises questions.With The Life of David Gale , Kevin Spacey follows a dud with a dud-following up last year 's K-Pax that was Hollywood alien clich&eacute; nonsense . After taking home the Best Actor Academy Award for American Beauty , Spacey 's either sold out to Hollywood , or he 's being used . All I can say is
 Professor Dr. David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- is a fictional character . A Harvard grad , philosophical genius and teacher at the fictional Austin University in Texas -LRB- filmed at the U. of Texas , Austin -RRB- , Gale is for some reason named after the late , eminent Professor Dr. David Gale of Berkeley , one of our time 's finest mathematicians.In this story , Gale , a loudmouthed anti-death-penalty liberal idiot , has his life destroyed by a false rape charge -LRB- he 's later exonerated -RRB- . After this , he is charged with the murder of his friend and semi-companion -LRB- played by Laura Linney -RRB- . On death row , he requests a certain news reporter to come and interview him -- his first-ever interview . In it , he tells her mostly the truth , though he emphasizes certain impossible-to-make innuendo . Well , it is Follywood , people.What results is , sadly , a descent into madness and stupidity -LRB- directors/storywriters are good at that -RRB- . The reporter , handily performed by Kate Winslet , finds that David Gale was not all he pretended to be . In fact , no one in this film except the reporters is what they seem.Roger Ebert , having a luxury I have not , gave this film zero stars . His comment was that he had the desire to throw something at the screen , preferably Kevin Spacey . I can not take such a harsh view of it ; after all , it makes some kind of twisted point that is lost in padding -LRB- this thing is a good 2 hours and 15 minutes -RRB- . It did n't sell me one way or t ` other on the idea of having a death penalty . It did mention a moratorium that took place here where I live.I guess I 'd say at the time , this was a bit of tailwind Spacey picked up after the excellent MIDNIGHT IN THE GARDEN OF GOOD AND EVIL . Laura Linney had been stuffed into bit parts for a long time , and so she had her moments here too . Later she would go on to dazzle us as Abigail Adams in HBO 's JOHN ADAMS.The ever-beautiful Gabriel Mann played his role as the news intern very well , and I weep at the fact that Mann does n't get to do lots of film . He 's just gorgeous.Will this move you to march on your state capitol ? I think not . It may change your liberal ideals if you have any
 SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW.I saw this one in the movie theaters . I left the theater angry and frustrated . Not because of the U.S. death penalty . But because of this movie ! David Gale , who loves to give the middle finger to `` the system '' , pulls the ultimate flip-off in this film . The screenplay tries very hard to justify it , but I could not stomach the actions he takes . In order to prove his point , Gale participates in a fake suicide -- morally reprehensible ! The writer tries to justify this -LRB- she was dying of cancer anyway , who cares if she decides to kill herself/sacrifice herself for a `` just '' cause ?? -RRB- but it does n't float in my book.The actions that our `` hero '' takes in this film undermine the argument against the death penalty ! It makes `` liberals '' appear desperate and a little nuts . I wanted DAVID GALE to present an honest , good argument against the death penalty . Instead , a mediocre `` who done it '' story is `` hung '' on the death penalty scenario . The writer throws in some poorly placed arguments -LRB- usually as background dialogue ; usually statistics -RRB- against the death penalty , but fails to win anyone over -- especially with the ENDING !! So , I have BIG PROBLEMS with this movie . Heroes do n't `` win '' by pulling tricks like David Gale does . Heroes win because they are right , stick to their guns -- and are supported by THE TRUTH.I 'd skip this film . The ending will outrage you -- it did me .
 `` The Life of David Gale '' fashions a staged rape as a warm-up and an the reenactment of a brutal crime as an encore . The center ring is a real treat -- the crime itself , a woman handcuffed and stripped naked , left to suffocate with a plastic bag taped around her throat.What a cruel , despicable movie . It pretends to be about anti-death penalty activists and the lengths to which they will go to prove their point that the death penalty is wrong , but it is not a point that should be made by the activists , nor the movie . The death penalty is too important an issue to be tied up in such a crude , mean-spirited thriller.Kevin Spacey barely registers as David Gale , a former University of Texas professor and leader of Deathwatch , who is now slated to get the death penalty for the murder of Deathwatch colleague Constance Holloway -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- . Gale , a brilliant , often drunk hothead , got put on the world 's disavowed list after being falsely accused of rape by a expelled grad student . The fake rape itself is a real treat , shown in all its brutal glory . Gale 's wife , a philanderer herself , nonetheless takes the opportunity to stick it to him , taking Gale 's son to Spain -- Gale will never see him again -- and e-mailing him to ask for a divorce . `` P.S. '' the note says , `` I 'm selling the house . `` About that point I 'm thinking , oh boy . But then Gale , who was a tenured professor and must have saved up some money along the way , moves into a tenement apartment building , complete with a pool filled with mud , where he spends his days calling Spain again and again and again . Uh-huh . How Constance dies , and why , you can discover , if you wish . There is little doubt as Gale 's fate on the row , nor his role in Constance 's death , if you 're paying much attention . What 's so offensive is that the movie makes all of this seem honorable , which it is most certainly not , and does so by playing up the miseries of Gale 's life beyond any reasonable standard , and squeezing a little harder for effect.Spacey plays Gale like a fool . No subtlety here ; it 's like he means to act as he 's being informed by the tag team K-Pax and Verbal on how to do it . Once the whole truth is `` revealed , '' you understand the performance , but you do n't admire it . The reverse is true for Laura Linney , who bravely plays a sad , sweet , caring , forgiving school marm who makes a decision we can not possibly comprehend . Was she crazy ? Influenced ? We do n't know . The movie , because it is not about her choice but about throwing smoke into the moviegoers eyes , will not discuss it.I have not mentioned Kate Winslet . She plays the reporter to whom Gale tells his story ; she is essentially used in a sickening , cruel way . I am not sure what she is doing in this movie , a slave to the idiocy of her role , going to and fro like a plot puppet.I love Kate Winslet.She is a master at divining the center of a role -- much like Meryl Streep -- and seeing that core through ; she creates three dimensions where there have only been one to begin with . She can play lead , she can support , she can sidekick ; there are few actors better at filling in the blanks.But she is powerless here . Absolutely powerless . In terms of intelligence and ferocity , she is Spacey 's equal , and yet she is under a virtual spell in his presence . Why?My guess is Winslet followed the lead of the director , Alan Parker , and Spacey , for she thought she was in league with kings . And , at times , both Parker and Spacey have done great work . But both are given to shameless grandstanding and intellectual subversion , and it serves them both very poorly here.I 'm sure they 're proud of the statement they have made , and the brutality with which they made it , but `` The Life of David Gale '' could n't have been any worse if George W. Bush himself sat onscreen and preached for two hours .
 `` The Life of David Gale '' is an equal opportunity offender in that it makes both those who support and those who oppose the death penalty look equally venal , conniving and foolish . I do n't think that was the INTENTION of writer Charles Randolph and director Alan Parker - since the theme of the film is based on the premise that an innocent man can indeed be falsely executed - but that is the unfortunate impression we are left with once the bizarre plot twists and convolutions have played themselves out.It is four days before David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- , an ex-college professor convicted of raping and killing a female colleague -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , is scheduled for execution . The twist is that Gale used to be one of the most vocal opponents against capital punishment in all of Texas , and now he is on Death Row . Catch the irony ? Gale has decided to open up to a single reporter , `` Bitsey '' Bloom -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- , in an attempt to have her go out and prove his innocence , if not for his own sake , at least for the sake of his young son . The film becomes a typical race-against-time melodrama with Bitsey and her cohort , intern reporter Zack -LRB- Gabriel Mann -RRB- , piecing together the clues as to what actually happened on that fateful day years earlier , in an effort to stave off the inevitable while the clock ticks down and the wheels of Texas justice grind inexorably on . `` The Life of David Gale '' is a reasonably entertaining thriller provided you do n't apply too much common sense or logic to the matters at hand . In fact , the film 's admittedly absurd plot contrivances do manage to keep us guessing most of the way through . Spacey , Winslet and Linney give it their all , even if that means occasionally going over the top to match the overheated nature of the material they have to work with . My biggest complaint with the film is that the overly clever denouement , though it serves its purpose as an acceptable `` shocker , '' really undercuts the entire film we have just sat through since it turns Gale into a complete and utter liar in terms of everything he has said up to that point . What purpose is served by having him pour out this tale of innocence to Bitsey if he knows she is going to find out the truth later on anyway ? It 's really a case of a convicted man inflicting cruel and unusual punishment on an innocent party who just wants to help him . -LRB- Protecting the son 's memory of him seems a tenuous reason at best -RRB- . Besides , the duplicity underlying the abolitionists ' actions would more likely turn the general public AGAINST their cause than win it many new converts . Even though the filmmakers ' sympathies obviously lie with those upholding the anti-capital punishment position , the `` sincere '' protestors depicted in the film do n't always seem like the sharpest tools in the shed . `` The Life of David Gale '' has its moments as social drama fantasy , but for a real , serious study of the death penalty issue , check out the great `` Dead Man Walking '' instead .
 I like complex films but this was too much , too implausible , too ridiculous to be beleived . Worst of all this film was , at times , just plain sickening to watch . It took an especially twisted Hollyweird mind to come up with this garbage . Hey , no surprise .
 This movie was far too contrived and unoriginal to make it even a midly interesting viewing . Kevin Spacey was not in his top form in this movie , and combined with the horrible plotting and pacing the movie is a near-catastrophe . Unless you are a hardcore Spacey or Winslet fan , I would avoid viewing this film .
 I do n't understand pure liberal thinking and I probably never will . I also do n't understand why and how academics get away with sounding so silly sometimes . But most importantly I do n't understand why a film like THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE could get made . A film so patronizing it was designed to do one thing . What is that do you ask
 I still ca n't see what `` the point '' was that the movie supposedly makes in `` a compelling and interesting way '' . Was its point supposed to be that innocent people can be and sometimes are put to death under US law ? If so , then its point is silly , because most of us already acknowledge this fact -LRB- however we stand on the issue of the death penalty -RRB- . There is nothing profound or enlightening , or even interesting , about the point at all , if that is what it is supposed to be.Or is the movie 's point supposed to be that extremists sometimes go to great lengths to prove things that everyone already acknowledges ? Maybe that 's true . But the Life of David Gale not only has a `` slim '' possibility of transpiring in `` real life '' , but actually is impossible to take seriously WITHIN THE CONFINES OF THE STORY ITSELF , because David Gale is supposed to be not just an extremist but also a very intelligent person . Why would SUCH A PERSON go to * any * lengths to prove something already so obvious as the fact that innocents can and are sometimes put to death under US law ?
 ... Despite its pretensions , The Life Of David Gale is little more than a R rated version of the sort of schlock that frequently appears on the Lifetime network . Instead of Aidan Quinn , Mary Stewart Masterson and Holly Hunter we get `` bigger '' names in the form of Spacey , Kate Winslet and Laura Linney.Unfortunately Winslet -LRB- whose had difficulty finding anything worthwhile to appear in since Titanic -RRB- spends much of the films duration struggling with an unflattering American accent . Spacey does that `` unhinged '' thing he 's now spent a decade doing and Linney appears to be doing an impersonation of Holly Hunter.Not a terrible film , just a film that appears to be a little too taken with how important it thinks it is.Oh , and the ending -LRB- like Pay It Forward -RRB- has to be seen to be believed .
 I was an extra in this film . I live in Huntsville , Texas , and I played an anti death penalty protester . Now , I 'm a liberal in real life and also against the death penalty -LRB- probably the only person IN Huntsville who is , it seems sometimes -RRB- , and even though the message of the film seems very anti death penalty itself , the film 's moralistic , preachy message made me uncomfortable . If I wanted a sermon , I 'd go to church . This is typical , liberal Hollywood propaganda . If I want to see a film addressing a controversial issue , I prefer for the film to use valid points from BOTH sides of said issue , in order to gain more understanding of what is being presented . This movie not only preached , it was mind-numbingly BORING , and the `` twist '' was easy to figure out way , way before it was revealed . It 's the kind of manipulative Hollywood tearjerker that tries to make the audience sob and howl at the `` poor plight '' of this wrongly accused man , and it 's shallow , pointless , EXCEEDINGLY cliche -LRB- ripe with horrible dialogue -RRB- , and did I forget to mention BORING ? I had fun as an extra , and I was looking forward to seeing it , but ultimately I am disappointed . Not to mention , Kate Winslet was a complete and absolute spoiled primadonna , VERY hard to work with , and totally self-centered . But that 's another story .
 This movie was perhaps the biggest disappointment of last year . It could have been the riveting , shocking drama that was promised . Instead , it quickly beomes hokey , second-rate , easily predicatble tripe that is so obsessed with its own attempts at being clever that a decent script was forgotten somewhere.It wants desperately to be smart and shocking , but it is anything but . Anyone paying any bit of attention can guess the ending within the first half an hour . -LRB- Every one of the five people I watched it with did . -RRB- The only areas where this movie succeeds is in making all death penalty abolitionists look like a bunch of nutbags , and all women look like either devious and conniving jezebels or helpless and clueless morons who need a man to guide them every step of the way . Anyone against the death penalty or with feminist leanings will be offended , as will anyone who knows a good movie when they see it .
 There is a serious , thoughtful film that revolves around the death penalty issue ... but it 's not this one . It 's called DEAD MAN WALKING . And even though it stars liberal actors Susan Sarandon and Sean Penn under the direction of uber-liberal Tim Robbins , that film considers all sides to the issue and does n't come up with any easy answers . Definitely check that one out.But THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE , despite some powerhouse actors , is a train wreck of a movie.The plot itself does n't just concede that the anti-death penalty activists can not win the debate on their own arguments , it would also have a tough time winning its argument using every lie and manipulation in their bag of tricks ... kind of like the Democratic Party right now.With each revelation , usually always in the form of a videocassette hanging in a motel room , you get the idea that the activists would do anything -- in fact , the very crime that would call for a death penalty -- to get their point across and to impose their beliefs on everyone . I believe that 's called fanaticism . Ultimately , there are no innocent victims in this story and in some weird way , you end up disliking them for their fraudulent behavior at manipulating a serious issue.Is something worth winning if you have to lie to everyone to get it?This could 've been a completely different movie if that had been considered . And that movie would 've had characters you cared about.But not this one . -LRB- Still love Laura Linney though . -RRB-
 I did n't see this movie when it came out , largely because I knew it was a strident anti-death penalty movie -LRB- with this being said
 I was told to watch this movie by people claiming it was , `` The best ever '' , `` keeps you on the edge of your seat '' , `` The ending was amazing '' . I disagreed with all three of those people , especially that last one!What starts off as being a highly interesting and thought provoking suspenseful drama , soon turns into predictable and preachy dreck . The `` surprise '' ending can be figured out by anyone with a couple of brain cells 45 minutes into the movie.The actors were great , but really , if you want a GOOD Alan Parker movie , skip this and rent `` Angel Heart '' .
 The Life of David Gale revolves around hot-to-trot reporter Bitzy Bloom -LRB- why the screenwritter chose that name out of every other name in the world I will never know . -RRB- Bitzy -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- is to interview former college professer and well known death row abolitionist David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- . Ironically enough he is on death row for the rape and murder of one of his colleges/friends played by Laura Linney.Now , Bisty has three days to figure out if Davids story of being framed is true , and who the real culprit is.SOUNDS ORIGINAL AND INTRUIGING EH ? NOT REALLY.This was a big suprise especially from director Alan Parker who has brought us classics like Angel Heart and Midnight Express.Where the movie failed is where 2/3 of thrillers these days do , comming up with an original plotline without the overuse of cliches and wannabe twists . This movie is full of both.While Kevin Spacey underplays the role and delivers a rock solid performance , Titanic chick Kate Winselt overacts to the point of no return . This makes the film even more unbeliveable.Laura Linney delivers a belivable and moving performance as the over-zelick death row abolitionist who will stop at nothing to prove a cause . Unfortunatly neither Spacey or Linney 's performances can save a screenplay that uses the `` out of service '' cell phone cliche and is expected to be taken seriously.I understand what The Life of David Gale was trying to deliver in terms of its message on death row and capital punishment , but it did not need to be delivered to us in a package marked cliche .
 The DVD is a good transfer with decent sound . The `` extras '' are worth watching.That said , I generally agree with most of the other comments posted here . The story-line does n't work . There is a plot `` device '' right in the beginning
 As a film student I have read many theories on film by many different theorists . One of the common ideas that come up in several of the major theories is the idea that a film manipulates an audience to feel , emote and think what the film maker intends . Hitchock was the master of such a technique . In `` The Life of David Gale '' this idea is used in a way that humiliates the audience . It 's almost as if director Alan Parker is watching over your shoulder the entire film and is laughing at you in the end . This is a very gripping film . I found myself really wrapped up in the story , trying to figure out the puzzle and also eagerly awaiting the story to unfold and the answers to be revealed . However , this could n't be more of a let down . After all the excitement , the ending leaves me -LRB- and apparently many viewers , including Roger Ebert -RRB- disgusted and angry . The entire story was all rubbish . The ending makes no sense , because it is not explained in anyway . I usually do n't like it when a film ends with a little ribbon on top and there are no questions left unanswered but this one really needs one . It 's probably worth seeing , but beware !
 This would have been a boring propaganda film except for some frenzied camera work and many clues and events designed SOLELY to keep you from turning off the propaganda . In fact , the whole plot line with the `` journalist racing against time to find out the truth '' is nothing more than a red herring to keep you watching . Surprisingly , the putative `` real '' theme -LRB- propaganda against the death penalty -RRB- , is ALSO a red herring . Therefore , most people will feel cheated after being deceived by this movie.The real theme that permeates every minute of this movie is that there are two types of people in this world , and the death penalty is merely a litmus test to distinguish them . People who oppose the death penalty are intelligent , educated , and caring people who know how to have fun , and those who disagree -LRB- Republicans -RRB- are stupid mean racists . Examples of the people the movie targets are Texans , George Bush , people with southern accents , and even people who wear cowboy hats and drive pickup trucks . Therefore , many people will be insulted by this movie.If you want to see this film because it opposes the death penalty , you may still feel cheated and insulted because it contains nothing you will find new , thought provoking , or an example of how to be persuasive . However , the movie IS persuasive . It is masterful in its consistent but subtle demonization of Republicans , Southerners , etc. .
 An innocent man is executed for the murder he did not commit . The crucial evidence for his innocence arrives five minutes after he is put to death . And everybody suffers
 Watched this mostly bad movie last night . Kevin Spacey is interesting playing a drunk , but he does n't play effectively seductive , particularly villainous or necessarily vague ever . He 's shown more depth and more believability in other roles . The always-bankable Laura Linney was decent in it , but , on the whole , the film absolutely blew . Kate Winslet was completely annoying , doing wildly implausible and ridiculous things.I 'd figured out their big , special twist five minutes into the first flashback . Since the film is so clearly anti-death penalty , it does n't even bother to notice that the State of Texas and the Death Penalty itself are not villains at the end because of the odd twist.Before the key flashbacks , as well , there were quick cuts to words on paper , in chalkboards . Then , the camera would spin . That was the most annoying bit of editing I 'd ever seen.RAPE , REPUTATION , ACCUSATION , MURDER - the signs would flash.In my seat , I wanted a notebook to hold up to the screen . BORED , SILLY , PREDICTABLE , TEDIOUS , IRRITATING , PREACHY.There have been good , interesting movies made about the death penalty . Rent THE WIDOW OF ST. PIERRE or DEAD MAN WALKING . Do n't bother with this .
 Death penalty opponent David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- , himself imprisoned on Death Row for the murder of a fellow activist -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , tells his story to a newspaper reporter -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- supposedly so that she can clear his name . This well-made film with its excellent cast starts out well but soon becomes implausible and silly . It may appear to be anti-death penalty propaganda , but the illogical surprise resolution of the story reveals it to be completely ambivalent . While masquerading as a serious film , it is actually an overwritten mystery with a dunderhead plot that portrays those on both sides of the issues as fools or worse -- gun-toting good ol' boys on one side and dishonest crazies on the other . If it does n't offend you regarding your position on the death penalty , it should offend you as a lover of good movies .
 Another liberal tear-jerking flick . The `` surprise '' ending is supposed to make us feel bad and finally see the light about how evil the dp is . Instead my wife and I got the feeling that maybe justice was served after all . Typically all the pro-dp characters in the movie are one-dimensional cartoons . They 're all idiot bible-thumpers , including the governor who is of course a direct ripoff of George Bush . The plot is unbelievable , and when the final plot `` twist '' is revealed , I not only was glad for what happened in the movie to Spacey , I wanted to see the same justice done to the people who made this turkey . Another two plus hours of my life that I ca n't get back .
 So many reviews already . Let 's keep this short . Has anyone mentioned the absurdity of making a ! Texas ! ! Death ! ! Penalty ! ! Movie ! AND COMPLETELY LEAVE OUT RACE ?!? Yikes . Yes , the red herrings are annoying , but this is even worse for being Mississippi Burning all over again.Why do writers and directors think that they can preach the hard-line about a serious topic ... while making a 2nd rate thriller of the month ? For that matter , why do otherwise smart actors think that they can act there way out of a hot-house mess of a script ? Spacey , Winslet and Linney are always fun to watch , but what a waste of talent .
 I ca n't believe that there are so many good reviews of this movie on Amazon . This movie absolutely stunk . You knew exactly what was going on 20 minutes into it . I kept watching , hoping that there would be some twist that would save it ... but there was n't . Believe me folks , this movie is pretty darn close to being as bad as The Postman or The Patriot . I ordinarily do n't write reviews , but the reviewers so far must be related to the filmmakers or paid to say nice things or something . This movie is an insult to intelligent movie-goers . Fair warning .
 This film really is n't as clever as it would like to be . Most of the performances are disappointing and the dialogue has no subtlety which makes it almost insulting to its audience 's intelligence . Plus , the multiple plot twists at the end seem unoriginal now that the trend is so overused.This film could have had some real surprises and raised some real questions . It should have been much better .
 You all know the story by now . Jesus , just read the other reviews . I 'm not here to retell the story . The plot progressed rather nicely , and each plot peak -LRB- or twist -RRB- became larger throughout the film . True , I guessed the ending as well , so it was kind of anti-climactic . But eh ... what can ya do ? It still pleased me . There were rather disturbing moments that slap you in the face , but it was a good effect . I enjoyed the fact that I could recognize where some scenes were shot , since I 've been on UTAustin 's campus numerous times and it brought in some reality that I personally enjoyed -LRB- thus the slight bias -RRB- . The acting was well done -LRB- I did n't expect anything less from Spacey -RRB- , but I found Winslet 's character to be slightly stale and rather morbid . She seemed to wear only black , never smiled through the whole movie -LRB- smirks do n't count -RRB- , and her emotions ranged between being scared or sobbing to sarcastic bitterness . I forgot journalists never use the rest of the emotion scheme -LRB- note the sarcasm -RRB- . Everyone else was decently believable but did n't leave a grand impression pertaining to character depth . Including Laura Linney , which had me rather disappointed.In any case , the story is what drives this film , and thus far , I 'd have no problem with giving this film 4 stars . But sadly enough , it 's bumped down to 2 stars thanks to Alan Parker the director . The disturbing `` flashback '' transitions between past and present not only made me chuckle , but they reminded me of a mix between the campy 1966 Batman movies with Fincher 's Seven . The transitions were completely unnecessary and actually rather annoying with the twirling scenes juxtaposed with written words . As for a suspense/thriller , the scenes were filmed in a traditional style with bland angles that actually took away from the story . Loosen up , Alan!As for mistakes , editing or otherwise , I did n't see too many . I recall one , when the cowboy guy was being his usual stalker self , listening to opera music in his truck . As he started the car , radios or CD players usually reset themselves due to the surge of electricity from the engine starting , but when he started his old clunker , the music kept on playing . Minor mistake , but there we go . A good plot , but tainted with flat characters & even flatter directing .
 This movie looked bad from the theatrical previews , but I saw it anyway because a friend of mine wanted to check it out . Unfortunately , I was not pleasantly surprised.The main problem with The Life of David Gale is that the `` surprise '' ending was painfully obvious after about 45 minutes , so much so that I whispered to my friend that , since I knew what was going to happen anyway , I was tempted to leave and she could tell me later that I was right . I eneded up staying , and much to my chagrin , not only was I right , but they tried to split the surprise ending into two separate twists rather than consolidating them and saving me some time.The purpose of a suspense film is to be suspenseful . That 's why most suspense films do n't lend themselves to repeat viewings unless they 're exceptionally well made . However , if a suspense film fails to deliver a surprise when you watch it the first time , then it can only be described as a collosal failure.On an unrelated and admittedly minor note
 Very average movie , Jonny Debbie as wonderful as ever . If you want to see it then rent it , not a keeper
 Yes , Johnny Depp provides another great performance here , as does most of the cast . The story line is what drags this movie down . Beyond the slew of predictable lines and scenarios , I found the message of the film a bit shallow . `` Love conquers all ... including schizophrenia . '' It 's just not life-like . Some of the imagery and allusions are heavy-handed at times . I wanted to scream , `` OK , I get it . '' Not a terrible film , but not that great either . If you want to see a more compelling Depp film , see `` What 's Eating Gilbert Grape . ''
 Benny -LRB- Aidan Quinn -RRB- is the brother of an autistic girl named Joon -LRB- Mary Stuart Masterson -RRB- . He 's a bit restrictive and protective of her . Sam -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- , the `` quirky '' guy , moves in . Hilarity ensues . So , what 's the problem ? The moviemakers were not content with making a funny , lighthearted movie . Instead , the movie gets very serious and preachy about several points - whether or not Joon can live on her own , whether or not Sam needs to get a job , etc. . These questions are presented as ones with obvious answers , because , of course , love conquers all , as we learn in Hollywood . Sam is portrayed as the truly wise character of the movie , while crazy old Benny is still stuck on backwards ideas like earning money to provide for yourself and caring for the mentally handicapped.There were a few funny parts , courtesy of Johnny Depp , but I would n't recommend seeing this movie .
 Although Johnny Depp is to be lauded for his deft physical comedy in this romantic fairy tale , it is n't enough to save this implausible film . Depp plays a somewhat eccentric young man who finds himself filling in as a `` housemate '' to a young mentally ill girl who lives with her brother . Mary Stuart Masterson is effective as Joon , and Aidan Quinn does her sincerest best but the film ultimately fails in its ignorance of reality . Julianne Moore has an early appearance as Ruthie , the failed actress who works as a waitress and befriends Benny , Joon and Depp . The movie manages to sugar coat mental illness and we 're asked to believe that this obviously disturbed young girl is capable of living on her own . While its message of love conquers all is admirable , the reality of Joon 's situation is overshadowed by this sentimentality .
 I have wanted Benny and Joon since I saw it four months ago . I guess aiming cheap was not the best of ideas . Not only did the DVD not play on my gaming consoles it did not play on my laptop or DVD player . You 'd think the one thing out of all the items whose sole purpose was to play DVDs would play it ... no ... it was so far from the truth . You can only imagine my shear disappointment and heart break when none of the devices about would play Benny and Joon .
 what a boring and pretentious movie ! after tortured about 15 minutes , all the family members started to look each other or one another , then all agreed at the same time to reject this stupid shallow movie . depp or no depp , after twenty years , he 's still playing the similar roles again and again , and never grows tired of it . but to me , and to us , enough is enough .
 `` Benny and Joon '' is an unworkable mix of realism and anti-realistic romanticism . Joon is not `` quirky '' , she is dangerously and violently mentally ill . Her condition is so severe that she has burned through all the available certified and experienced caretakers . To try to make her character bearable , the writers trot out one of the oldest , tritest cliches
 This stunk . I like Depp , but in this movie I hate him . The music is the worst . It was so incoherant and slow that I could n't wait to see those end credits roll .
 Those who describe this story as `` cute '' and Joon as `` quirky '' are n't paying attention . For me , this movie was a trip through hell with a final destination of insanity . The writers slickly throw just enough whitewash on top to let most people ignore the darkness . Yes , Depp is great , given what he has to work with , but overall I am very sorry that I was subjected to this horribly stupid , insensitive movie .
 An art-nazi tour de force . Hideously cute . Avoid it at all costs unless you enjoy saccharine humor and sensitivity . I guess it could be useful in stirring the souls of the emotionally dead into feeling a new form of nothing .
 In fact the first time I saw that film because I thing J. Depp play very well and then I wanted to see all his films . Isaw some of them but my favourite is Benny and Joon and I really wanted to see Gilbert Grappe but I can not find it .
 This movie is the `` R '' rated virsion of `` The Seduction Of Maxine '' . They cut 90 % of the sex scenes out witch makes this worthless to buy . Give us the real version of the movie !
 One month ago -LRB- and even earlier -RRB- this set was selling for less than half -LRB- $ 41 -RRB- this current price -LRB- $ 89 -RRB- . While it was a great series that I thoroughly enjoyed watching as a kid , my desire to finally buy it for Christmas has been completely eliminated by the equivalent of holiday induced price gouging . I 'll wait till it goes back to a reasonable price . More than a little upset with Amazon over this one . Merry Chri $ tma $ .
 I had watched this TV series when it first aired , and did not think much of it back then . However a few months ago I decided to buy this series on DVD to see how it had weathered the many years since then . I also purchased it because I absolutely refuse to watch the trash currently on TV.In short , whereas the series was just `` bad '' then , it is really , really awful now . My opinion is not based just on how much it utterly murders every trace of real science , but in how awful were its scripts , how awful was the acting - especially by its two main stars , and even how awful was its background music - which can only be described as discordant `` noise '' which in no way reflected the mood of the event , other than in loudness.Most of the characters in 1999 walked thru their roles in such a wooden manner that if they had ever stood on real dirt , they would have taken root . The acting was just `` bad '' , which was especially unusual since the two main `` stars '' were such highly paid and experienced actors . But I figure they were only performing what the scripts forced them to do . This show had what I think was the worst character-interaction of any TV series I have seen . Compare the interactions between the characters on 1999 with interactions , not to mention character development , of the characters on shows such as Farscape , or Firefly , or Stargate SG-1 , or Stargate Atlantis , or Battlestar Galactica . Now those shows were fun to watch , not just for their weird and wild plots , but for how their characters interacted , whereas 1999 was actually painful to watch ; the only suspence in 1999 was whether or not Helena would be taken hostage again by the bad guy.In any event , at least Space 1999 is useful in that I now have a set of DVDs that I can show to hasten the departure of any house guests who have overstayed their welcome .
 just how do the two differ?same number of discs -LRB- including the original bonus disc -RRB- . same running time.same extras.no sale.unless , of course , a & e ; has somehow obtained the RE-re-mastered complete first season from network -LRB- uk -RRB- . that 'd be HUGE and i 'd pick it up in a heartbeat , but sadly , i see absolutely no indication of that -LRB- to date , anyway -RRB- .
 Unlike most SciFi shows this show had NO BASIS IN FACT . I must have been much more forgiving as a kid I remembered liking this show at least a little but after watching it again the bazaar story lines and unforgivable scientific inaccuracy I have to give this a total thumbs down .
 Sadly , despite all the hype , this was one of the worst television SF series since Captain Video.From the impossible initial premise -LRB- Moon suddenly becomes interstellar ship when nuclear waste dumps ignite and somehow turn into a star drive . -RRB- to the complete lack of logic -LRB- Why would a base on the airless Moon have standard backpacking gear ? -RRB- to an utter ignorance of physics , astronomy and probably every other branch of science
 I give the show itself 5-stars -LRB- for nostalgic reasons if nothing else -RRB- , but I DID have unusual problems with the DVD 's . I purchased the SPACE
 I own the series and that 's about 80 % of what I remember from this show.It sure did fill a void for us Sci Fi fans back in the 1970 's , when there just was n't much movie or TV sci fi being made -LRB- and VCRs had n't gone mainstream yet so it 's not like you could just go watch all that 50 's and 60 's stuff whenever you want like today -RRB- . I watched this series on TV as a kid , and I loved the idea of the moon shooting through the universe and the endless possibilities that created . The effects were quite good for TV at that time . There were even some famous actors like Barbara Bain , Martin Landau , and Barry Morse -LRB- the bad guy from The Fugitive -RRB- in the series , not that I cared back in 1975 . But now as a grown up I 've tried to enjoy this show and I just ca n't . Once the nostalgia wave rolls through me all I see is a great idea squandered . It 's not that they did n't have acting talent ; it 's that the talent did n't act , or at least when the talent acted it was predictable and annoying . It seems like every episode had to have Martin Landau screaming `` Helenaaaaaaa ! ... Helenaaaaaaaa ! '' . Man that gets old after a while . -LRB- Barbara Bain and Martin Landau were married at the time . I wonder if Martin ever screamed `` Barbaraaaaaaaaaa ! '' at her just for a laugh . -RRB- The lesson for me is that sometimes you ca n't go back to your childhood no matter how much you want to . Sniff .
 Not sure whether the original recordings were not preserved well or just our copy is bad , but the sound cuts out frequently on each episode . Would not buy this again .
 I ordered this set from media blasters through Amazon . The discs work fine are of good quality but the problem was that instead of the sleeve containing disc seven and eight I had a second bonus disc in that slot . I did not realize this until I got that far in viewing the series . Since that was after media blasters 30 day exchange window they would do nothing for me and the people there were rude saying basiclly tough luck buyer beware . The discs I watched were fine but do not ever buy anything from media blasters they are rude and they do not stand behind what they sell.If anyone knows how I could get just discs seven and eight so i have the complete collection I paid for please let me know . Again beware of faulty sets and media blasters .
 Even while some of the episodes are questionable and not very realistic , this is a classic show now . Having two seasons , the special effects of the time is still top-notch . While the acting is mediocre , and the story set up is sometimes way out -LRB- It was the 70 's -RRB- there is some entertaining value . As a writer , I still look through this medium to see if there were any parts that can be embellished for newer ideas . What toppled the ratings of this show was the `` Mind '' entity beings that appeared on the first six or so episodes . But after that the writing started to switch to a more action oriented show . I am still looking through the DVD 's as I try to remember the better episodes . Quality of picture is fine on widescreen TV 's , but this is not an HDTV product .
 if anyone gave a crap and checked out the ending , it showed freddy kruger taking jason 's mask into hell ! This was just about a year and a half in making -LRB- well thinking about -RRB- Freddy vs. Jason . In the opening of the freddy vs jason -LRB- a great movie go and see it asap ! -RRB- freddy gets jason out of hell and makes him kill people so their fear will bring freddy back ! so , if you ever get this movie , watch it out .
 By the time this 9th entry in the Jason Voorhees franchise was released , the series had become tired and ultimately redundant . In an effort to put more life in it , we are faced with a Jason who is killed but like in THE HIDDEN -LRB- a far superior film -RRB- , he manages to live using host bodies . Although the screenwriters try to give us more motivation for Jason 's murderous rampage , there is little suspense or novelty in the movie . Jason manages to kill off a few people , and his sister is recruited to finish him off . No real acting honors in this one , although Steven Culp manages to do well in his role as a tabloid tv producer . The ending is a joke in itself , with its reference to future Jason adventures . Not the best in this series .
 this movie was horrible . I ca n't believe I actually paid money to see it .
 I cant beleive they did this , they added a crapy plot , `` only a vorhees can kill a vorhees '' WTF ??!!!!???!! jason had a sister ? what a stupid plot , then at the end you see freddy 's hand grabbing jasons mask and pulling it down under the ground -LRB- telling me freddy vs. jason is next -RRB- . if you want to collect the friday the 13th film 's i sugest part 's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and X.
 The beginning of this movie shows the audience how Jason is literally blown to pieces by a swat team . Does this kill Jason ? No way !! Jason 's heart comes back to kill some doctor and Jason goes from body to body to do fulfill his daily thirst for blood . This movie is about as lame as part VIII and part X of this series.If you think you might like this movie , think again and do n't waste your time or you 'll be sorry ... this movie has the potential to make you retarded if you take it seriously . My advice is to stick with `` Friday the 13th parts 1-6 '' -LRB- part 2 and 3 are clearly the best -RRB- and you will be a lot happier .
 Ok the beginning of the movie was good but the rest of the movie was just blah ! At the beginning of the movie it had the whole swat team trying to kill Jason and his heart came out and stopped beating then Jason 's mask is layed on the ground then at the end of the movie what I liked the most is that Freddy 's hand comes out and grabs Jason 's mask telling me that there 's going to be Freddy vs. Jason which I already know of and well I own Freddy vs. Jason it was awesome but through the rest of the movie it was just some black guy trying to be Jason slashing everyone with a huge knife . It was n't a good movie I really wanted to see the real Jason then just some black guy . I do own all the Nightmare collection but not Friday the 13th . I sure wish I own all the Friday the 13th series but I do n't have them . This is n't really the best Friday the 13th movie it 's horrible . If you want to see a good one go see Jason Lives but this one is just crap .
 After the abortion that is called `` Friday the 13th Part VIII
 Just stop it .
 This movie was pretty bad . I dont even know how it made it to the big screen or why Kane Hodder even accepted to play the script of Jason . Well anyways I would NOT recommend this to no one .
 Although this Friday the 13th movie was different than the others , it was by NO means either original or captivating . The idea of evil taking the forms of different bodies is old . Actually , I thought they stole this idea from Terminator 2
 Jason Goes to Hell is the worst Friday the 13th movie I have ever taken time to watch . Their was plenty of nudity , but there was just not enough of Jason ! I mean , he looks really awesome with the metal hockey mask and his machete is cool and all that , but there was just too less of him . I really do n't like the idea of Jason being a little Alien-like thing through the movie , and I especially do n't like the idea of him crawling from body to body . It 's just not the kind of thing that appeals to me . And , the director must have been in heat when he made this because it is full of perversion ! So , I only recommend this if you want to complete you collection , otherwise , throw this one to the dogs.P.S . You can pick up the collectible 8 '' Jason poly resin statue at any Spencer Gift shop retailer .
 Jason 's back again but as his body is finally destroyed , we discover that he has a sister we did n't know about -LRB- thanks for telling us -RRB- . He tracks her and his niece down to end his family line and be reborn . Repulsive to the maximum and has no real worth whatsoever . Some clever dialogue is wasted . If you 're heavily sedated , then help yourself .
 Well someone thought that it would be a good idea to make a new Friday movie , I just wish that there was a good story to go along with it . Jason returns to camp Crystal Lake . Somehow he is back to his old self , if I recall correctly he was turned back into a child at the end of part 8 . Jason is killed by the FBI -LRB- which is new since no one has been willing to believe that he existed before -RRB- , but his heart survives and travels from host to host until it can take over a blood relitive of Jason 's and resurect him . Some people get killed in the process . If you want a good horror flict get the original .
 As if part 8 was n't attrotious enough , Part 9 is filth ! Okay , I admit that parts 1 , 2 and 4 were pretty good , but the others are tragically boring and gory and filled with -LSB- dumb -RSB- sex scenes that are simply disturbing . Now , jumping back to `` THE FINAL FRIDAY '' there is some kind of family ` chain ' in which only one of his 2 living relatives can kill him -LRB- Hello , Halloween series , much ? -RRB- , as if that was n't dumb enough , we hardly encounter Jason until the end and boy , does the guy who plays him walk like a. . . Robot with a weggie . Instead of having the originally scary Jason , we have some stupid heart story in which they eat his heart and become Jason ... I 'm just as confused as you are . I fell asleep before the end but my friend told me Freddy takes him down to hell ... How stupid ... Okay , it has it 's mildly suspenseful potential , it was low budget , bad litten , and the acting was so bad that I almost started laughing at the victims `` Wh ... Who 's ... there ? '' Anyway ... do not ever , ever see this ! Watch 1-4 . And for all the Nightmare on Elm street fans , sorry you 'll have to sit through FREDDY VS JASON which was given 1.5 stars out of 5 by the Horror film academy . Stick with the Halloween flicks , they tend to actually be scary and make sense .
 When I was younger , I was a huge fan of all the great horror series
 i wasted money on this so called horror movie and instead laughed through the whole movie while starring at nice body parts by some of the women . but seriously this is the worst and everyone involved should hang there heads in shame . i dont even know where to start , all i can tell you is if you wan na make new line cinema rich give them your money , if you wan na send them a message that were not gon na accept crap from the jason franchise , save your money .
 Yes part 9 or Jason goes to hell is a classy entry in the series.Jason 's soul jumping from one body to the next might seem ridiculous but they have tried everything else .
 So why is this movie for us hardcore fans only ? 'Cause only a hardcore Friday the 13th addict could stand watching this senseless stupid movie.The director claims that he wanted to give us something different ; well , he did . The only problem being that he did not really give us a Friday movie . I do n't know what movie this really is ; perhaps `` Invasion of the Jason Body Snatchers '' but definitely not a Friday.If you like old school Jason , then get part 6 or 7 . They are more traditional.Oh and hey , since when the hell does Jason have a sister !!! OMG , talk about stupidity !
 Well , I thought Friday the 13th part 5 was bad !? This is the worst `` Friday '' by far and it 's only redeeming quality is the nice DVD release and the fact it opens the door for Freddy VS Jason ! For that reason alone I rate it 11/2 stars!Unfortunately Freddy VS Jason was shelved for many years and was released after Jason X ?! Which does n't make any sense , so we have to pretend that Freddy VS Jason came out before Jason X to have this even begin to make sense . -LRB- I use the term loosely ! -RRB- The only postive thing I can say about this film is that it 's got a way too good DVD release and it makes Jason X and Freddy VS Jason look all that much better!I was really disappointed with this entry even though ` Jason Takes Manhattan ' is n't much better ! If you want to complete the Friday the 13th series , it should be seen as it does set up the superior sequel ` Freddy VS Jason ' .
 I love the Friday the 13th films . My brother and I snuck into the first one when it was in theaters and I have been a faithful follower of the series since then . I have owned all of the films on VHS , bought the individual DVD 's as they came available , and broke down and bought the box set when it first appeared just for the meager extras that were included . I love these movies . With that said , I only recommend `` Jason Goes to Hell '' if you are a completist and need the entire series on DVD . It 's no wonder it took a decade after this film for `` Jason X '' to come out , as New Line nearly killed the series here . Fans of the series go to these films for basically one reason ... to see Jason do his slasher thing with a forest full of annoying kids . That 's it , we do n't need a deep plot , we do n't even really need an explanation of how Jason is resurrected once again , just have him show up and start chopping in more imaginative ways . So why New Line decided to launch their version of a Friday the 13th film where Jason is only in two scenes makes no sense at all ! The plot of this film is a direct rip-off of a flick called `` The Hidden '' , but intstead of an alien body-jumping , we get an evil worm thing . To top it all off , while this is a gory flick at times , it is also a very talky flick . The body count is pretty low until the last 15 minutes or so , and by then it 's too late to try and save this thing . I see other reveiwers lumping this flick in with `` Friday the 13th
 How could anyone think that Jason was dead . That killer in it was smart in saying he 's not but what makes the world think he can stop Jason . I was really disappointed with this one even though my standards for Friday movies are extremely low . I really only watched this for the end part when Freddy 's hand pulls Jason into hell and belive me it was n't worth it one bit.Another horrible thing about this movie was it 's cast . That fat diner owner was so stupid with the whole Vorhees Birger and Jason fries . When Jason came in there I was so happy when all of them were killed . This one was really disappointed when I saw this and it is n't even worht the two star rating I gave it .
 I have always been a fan of the Friday the 13th series . I 'd seen each of the movies a dozen times , but had somehow missed this particular movie . I barely even remembered hearing about it.I finally got to see it a few days ago and , wow ... I mean , I honestly gave this movie a chance . I really did . This installment into the series is what PART 3 was to the HALLOWEEN series . Jason is barely in the movie . When you do see him , his makeup job is so weak that he becomes more comical than imposing or frightening . Now , I love Kane Hodder as Jason , but the acting in this movie is absolutely bottom shelf . There are a few decent visual effects , yet there are more than enough cheesy effects to counter and totally eclipse the good.This is the 2nd `` mulligan '' of the series
 Jason , the living , breathing essence of evil , is back for another fierce fling . Tracked down and blown to bits by a special FBI task force , everyone now assumes that he 's finally dead . But everyone is wrong . Jason has been reborn with the ability to assume the identity of anyone he touches . The terrifying truth is that he could be anywhere . Or anybody.One of the weaker installments in the franchise . The one bright spot in the film is actor Steven Williams -LRB- who would later play the role of `` Mr. X '' in the series `` The X-Files '' -RRB- . His character is interesting , and he plays it with energy and comedic touches .
 Jason Goes to Hell
 Yet another entry in the hoary `` Friday the 13th '' series , `` Jason Goes to Hell-The Final Friday , '' really had nowhere original to go . After sending our hockey masked anti-hero to New York where he seemed to finally perish after taking a dip in a toxic waste bath , the company who owned the rights to this franchise decided to sell their interest to New Line Cinema . The people responsible for running the Freddy Krueger/Nightmare on Elm Street series into the ground , New Line rubbed their palms together with glee as they contemplated all of the horrific ways they could do the same to Jason Voorhees . As I watched this movie , I could n't help but think how far this franchise has gone in its twenty-three years of existence . Who among us would have thought that a low budget film about a killer at a summer camp would achieve such longevity ? Moreover , who thought it would encompass such bizarre plot elements as sending a killer into space or to the deepest pits of Hell ? O.K. , they did give us Leprechaun and Hellraiser in space , but still-JASON ? Well , before they sent Jason into outer space , they ran him through the paces here on earth in this absolute abomination of a film . I actually liked `` Jason X , '' but this film , its immediate predecessor , stinks to high heaven . I wish I had never watched it.The plot of `` The Final Friday '' is cerebral novocaine , a plot so brain meltingly banal that it took all of my energies just to get to the end . Jason , miracously recovered from his dissolution in toxic sludge , reappears at Camp Crystal Lake briefly before the FBI blows him to bits in a carefully laid trap . The remnants of Voorhees turn up at a federal medical center where some poor dolt doing the autopsy is suddenly overcome by the `` spirit '' of evil -- or some such nonsense , I can not remember if the film made it clear or not -- and promptly devours Jason 's black , still beating heart amidst messy sprays of gore and flesh . Once this guy eats the heart , Jason manages to possess his body and continue on his merry flesh rending ways . That 's right , folks ; Jason Voorhees can now move from body to body , and of course he heads right back to Camp Crystal Lake for more mayhem . Apparently , our hero can not exist indefinitely in other people 's bodies ; he must find a blood relation to inhabit so he can reassume his familiar form . Confused yet ? Do n't worry . It gets much , much worse as the film progresses.Enter Diana -LRB- Erin Gray -RRB- , a waitress near Crystal Lake who , unbeknownst to her , is actually Jason Voorhees 's sister . Diana has a daughter who happens to have a husband and newborn child , so blood relatives of Jason Voorhees are as thick as flies on honey around the man 's old stomping grounds . Jason will soon seek out the baby as his best hope for returning to a world full of animated , featherless bipeds that squish when you whack them with a sharp object . Not content with trying to pass off this laughable , convoluted plot on an increasingly enraged audience , director Adam Marcus and his fellow travelers introduce a few other dumb characters . There 's a slimy reporter attempting to ingratiate himself into the lives of Jason 's descendants in order to get a scoop , some loudmouth , ultra stupid white trash characters running a diner near Crystal Lake , some cops , and a bounty hunter by the name of Creighton Duke gunning for the money placed on Voorhees 's head . A lot of people die violently at the hands of whomever Jason possesses at the moment , but it 's all done in a rather unoriginal way . The conclusion of the film , with the inevitable showdown between Voorhees and the good guys , simply reeks . By the time the credits mercifully rolled , I knew I had seen one of the worst films in the history of American cinema . That `` The Final Friday '' ever received a theatrical release is a crime against humanity.The only positive in this film is seeing Erin Gray again , still looking great in her fifties . Millions of men my age have rather vivid memories of this actress from her tenure on the television show `` Buck Rogers in the 25th Century , '' where Gray usually appeared in a skintight spandex outfit with a plunging neckline . In fact , I credit Gray with helping me ford that difficult gulf lying between childhood and early adolescence . I wept tears of shame when I saw her appear in this pap . Fortunately , she saves herself from complete ignominy by dying early on . Gray helps the film , but not nearly enough . Everyone else is awful , especially Duke Creighton -LRB- Steven Williams -RRB- , a character so loaded up with ersatz machismo that he comes off looking like a fool . What 's with Duke 's confrontation with Diana in the diner ? Or the incredibly stupid scene in the jail cell where Duke will only provide information about Voorhees to one of the heroes of the film if he allows the bounty hunter to break his fingers ? Creighton Duke is n't a tough as nails hero ; he 's a sadist . And we 're supposed to admire this guy?The DVD version of the film does offer plenty of extras -LRB- unlike Paramount 's releases of the eight preceding installments -RRB- , including deleted scenes , trailers , a commentary , a widescreen picture transfer , and some other junk . There 's even an option to watch an unrated version of the film , a version promising more gore than the theatrical cut . Is it gorier than the ` R ' rated cut ? Probably , but not as gory as many other extreme horror films easily available on DVD . In any case , the rest of the film is so bad that the bloodshed does nothing to save it . Give `` The Final Friday '' a pass . Believe me , you are n't missing much .
 At this point in the Friday the 13th series we really have some bad movies , but Jason Goes to Hell manages to be the worst on in my eyes . It was released four years after part 8 and was not distributed by Paramount Pictures . The title is of course as dishonest as the third sequel , The Final Chapter . Jason Goes to Hell was marketed as the final film and it was n't . Jason is back inexplicably and completely ignorant to his trials in that New York sewer , when he was evidently transformed back into a young boy . He apparently decided instead to stick with the decayed zombie look indefinitely . Jason chases a girl through the woods but he has been lured into a trap and is blown to smithereens by some FBI guys . All of his parts are brought to a morgue . The guy at the morgue decides it might be a good idea to begin eating Jason 's heart . This of course means he is possessed by Jason . Jason 's demon form is a fake looking snake with fangs and so forth and he goes from one host to the other , all the while killing folks . Then we find out through some fancy pretentious poetry by this really cheesy bounty hunter guy that Jason can be killed by a fellow Voorhees . Through this fortunate coincidence and for the benefit of a heavy handed death for Jason , our completely forgettable heroes managed to stumble upon a Voorhees . Meanwhile , we do n't care . Jason dies and goes to hell , or just into the ground . His hockey mask remains but Freddy Kreuger 's clawed hand takes it into the dirt with them both.For horror fans there are two references to other classics besides the obvious Nightmare on Elm Street tie-in . One being `` the Myers place '' mentioned in some dialogue and the other being the unlikely appearance of the Necronomicon from the Evil Dead movies . If you 're a hardcore fan of these movies and need to see or even own part 9 , then I would n't recommend anything other than the unedited version . It includes a great murder scene that could not have been shown with an R-rating . Other than that this movie is awful .
 THIS MOVIE IS THE WORST OF THE SERIES . JASON IS ONLY IN 2 SCENES THE BEGINNING AND THE END . THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE MOVIE HE IS POSSESSING PEOPLE AND CONTROLLING THEM FROM INSIDE THEIR BODIES . THIS MOVIE BLOWS PART 5 IS BETTER AND TAT BLOWED TO 5 IS BETTER CUS THEY ACTUALLY HAD A JASON LOOK ALIKE AND U FIRST THINK ITS JASON . I GAVE THIS MOVIE 2 STARS CUS OF THE AMOUNT OF GORE IN IT .
 Although this Friday the 13th movie was different than the others , it was by NO means either original or captivating . The idea of evil taking the forms of different bodies is old . Actually , I thought they stole this idea from Terminator 2
 I just saw it on Showtime 2 ... I 'm glad I did n't pay for it . I have n't seen any of the others in the series , but if I had to compare Jason Voorhees to Micheal Myers , Micheal slashes Jason out of Crystal Lake 10 times over . The Curse of Thorn was more believable than a killer 's heart looking for the right host . And what about that last scene ... Freddy 's hand pops up and grabs Jason 's mask ... CHEESY.Even the hacked up Joe Chappelle version of Halloween 6 was better than this .
 With this being a Friday the 13th movie -LRB- I suppose -RRB- , I really wanted to enjoy it and tried to enjoy it but sorry to say this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.First of all , FOR SHAME on the directer/producers etc for calling this a Friday the 13th movie and puttin Jasons picture on the front of the DVD box . Jason dies 6 or 7 minutes into the movie and we dont see him again untill the final 5 minutes -LRB- and I 'm not exagerating -RRB- . A coroner eats Jasons heart from his dead body and is `` possesed '' by Jason . He then `` passes on '' Jasons heart to somebody else and a series of 4 or 5 people end up being `` possesed '' by Jason . There is NO main character -LRB- s -RRB- in the movie , the protagonist just keeps getting killed and it jumps to a new one overy 10 minutes or so.Deffinatly the goriest in the series so far but it 's not good gore -LRB- ie bloody or creative death scenes , like in previous Friday the 13th movies -RRB- it 's just disgusting . Gore does n't bother me or anything but in this movie it served no purpose other than it made me feel sick -LRB- in 2 scenes -RRB- . I know I 'll probably get 0 out of 387 people finding this review helpfull , but I 'm just giving my honest opinion . I would recomend any other Friday movie -LRB- even parts 5 and 7 which arent great but are far better than `` Jason Goes To Hell '' -RRB- . Terrible movie , not even worth watching for the most hardcore of fans . Thank God they made Jason X and Freddy vs Jason , such a great series did not deserve this movie for an ending .
 This film is not necessarily a sequel to the first eight Friday The 13th films.It is actually based in the `` real world '' ; the events of parts I-VIII are loosely connected to `` Jason Goes to Hell . '' That being said , this movie is a huge disappointment . Parts VII and VIII deviated from the original Friday the 13th formula in several ways but they were successful in terms of how they brought a fresh approach to the series while still staying true to the spirit of a Friday the 13th film . `` Jason Goes to Hell '' fails miserably because it is simply not a Friday the 13th film because you hardly get to see Jason because he is possessing other people 's bodies and there are hardly any references to Crystal Lake and Jason 's connection to it .
 This is by far one of the most displeasing Friday the 13th 's ever released . Jason Goes to Hell has obnoxious characters , virtually ` no limit ' plot holes , and essentially no storyline of any kind.The plot was reminiscent of The Thing -LRB- 1982 -RRB- meets Jason . This film is a complete financial exploitation of The Hidden -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , which if you actually like Jason Goes to Hell , you should acquire . It 's unquestionably really difficult to be the worst film in the Friday the 13th series with Jason Lives
 The Bottom Line : The nadir of the Friday the 13th series -LRB- which is really saying something considering how bad most of the other ones are -RRB- , Jason Goes to Hell never makes any sense , entertains , horrifies , or does anything of interest -LRB- with the possible exception of the final shot -RRB- ; the only possible reason to see it is if you want to see every one .
 this has got to be one of the worst jason films , the storyline is really corny , the acting is bad , jason has a sister ? whats that about , he never had a sister , he was an only child , watch the first , his mother said that , this director obivously doesnt know his jason history , look at parts 4 , 5 and 6 , they have a solid storyline with a character named tommy jarvis , heres a kid who took out jason in part 4 and was being haunted by jason as a teen in part 5 and as an adult who ressurrected jason in part 6 by putting a metal rod in him and tieing a chain with a heavy rock to his neck and drowning jason . this one was really lame , i cant believe people say this is a good movie , come on , youve got to be joking , the first 8 were the best , part 8 was ok , why are yous trashing that one so bad , it had better acting and a storyline than this one . freddy vs jason was ok , would have been better if kane hodder was jason . please feel free to write back if you think im wrong with this review .
 First off I LOVE THE `` FRIDAY THE 13th '' FILMS !! , but as a movie fan this is BY FAR the WORST `` Friday '' film off them all , turning one of the most popular slashers of all time into what looks like one of the `` ALIENS '' after bursting through a chest and then having him switching from body to body ala `` Invasion of the body snatchers '' has to be ONE OF THE WORST IDEAS IN MOVIE HISTORY !! About the only thing that was semi enjoyable in the film was the end and I wont spoil it for you guys that havent seen it . I gave it 2 stars , one because the movie is watchable and the other because im a fan of the series . If your a collector of the `` Friday '' films its a no-brainer to get it to complete your collection . If you 're looking for a good horror flick ... STAY AAWWAAYYYY !!!
 I love Friday the 13th , and all the other slasher films of the genre . But this movie was perfectly terrible . No redeeming quality , not even good kills from Jason , since Jason was n't even in the movie . Almost as bad as Halloween 3 , and that was bad .
 This Friday the 13th was awful it made no sense . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I 've tried looking at this movie from every angle
 Now I know that horror flicks are n't supposed to make alot of sense , but there comes a point where leaving too much unexplained and unaccounted for detracts from the quality of the movie . And that is the case with this film -- how does Jason have a long-lost sister ? What is the Necronomicon doing in the house ? What 's with the bounty hunter and his special dagger ? Not very well thought out .
 Let 's understand two things about slasher horror from the 1980 's
 I bought most the Friday the 13th dvds around halloween time at a discount . Of course i could n't find this one , even thought it was at wal-mart for a long time before that . In my opinion , this one was n't very good at all . Compared to all the rest i was Greatly disappointed . It was just so fake , and not realistic at all . Very cheesy . For those who wish to complete the set , this one is part of it . This one was so awful and far from the other ones . So Fake it 's shameful , bad script , it jumped the shark !!!! Jason - yes that 's my real name !!!!
 To be pleased by this film would mean that you never saw the first 8 and know nothing about Jason Voorhees . Here are the biggest fumbles of the film -LRB- possible spoilers -RRB- :1 . They never explain how he got back to the Jason we all know and love or how he got back to Camp Crystal Lake -LRB- if you remember in part 8 he was turned back into a child by a wave of toxic waste in a New York City sewer -RRB- . In the first 8 installments of the series they always explain how he came back to life , no matter how ridiculous and implausible the circumstances were .2 . Jason now has a sister , even though in the first film his mother says he was an only child .3 . We learn that Jason can only be killed or reborn by the hands of a Voorhees woman . In part 4 Tommy Jarvis kills jason and in part 6 Tommy Jarvis accidently brings him back to life.Not only does this film ignore every other installment , but it does n't even deliver on the Jason front . There 's maybe 10 minutes of classic hockey mask wearing Jason action , the rest he 's inhabiting the bodies of others and it just does n't work.Any good in this movie ? Yes . KNB FX did a great job on the gore . I 'd go so far as saying it 's some of the best looking gore in the entire series . Also , watch out for references to other horror films including Evil Dead , Creepshow , and A Nightmare On Elm St.
 The concept that the movie was trying to go after was definately a good one . However , as usual , the whole movie was a huge bomb . There could of been so much more to the storyline and the acting could of been so much better .
 This movie sucks . Friday the 13th part 7 with Terry Kiser from Weekend at Bernie 's was even better . Jason Lives and Jason takes Manhattan were not as good as part 1 , 3 , 4 and 5 but are masterpieces compared to this pile of crap . From Friday the 13th part 1 to Jason goes to Hell , there was a lot of originality from the series lost in that short time span !
 I watched the special features of Jason goes to hell . They said this is the end of all Jason movies . Ya ok ... . do they really think the way they ended it no one is going to think of a way for him to come out of hell . If Jason was able to come from hell to grab his hooky mask and laugh about it . I 'm pretty sure that mean 's he will or can come back from hell . But nice try on trying to end this movie . Which by the way is a big change out of all Jason movies . What is the big changes in this movie compared to all the others ? Well Jason is able to kill living in different body 's .
 Jason is ambushed by a swat team and blown to bits causing everyone in Crystal Lake to finally be at peace since Jason is finally dead . BUT , when a coroner eats the still-beating heart of the supposedly dead Jason Voorhees he inherits the evil spirit of Jason which enables Jason to continue killing through the bodies of other people . I do n't quite know how to feel about this ninth entry in the series . This is the most different of the many Jason films as there 's relatively few teenage characters in this movie -LSB- Much of the characters and victims here are in fact adults -RSB- and Jason is very briefly seen in this movie -LSB- although he 's still the killer here unlike Part 5 -RSB- . This movie is n't horrible but it definitely is n't good . Despite having a rather decent cast for once , This movie is n't really too interesting aside from the very shocking finale -LSB- which serves as the setup for Freddy VS. Jason -RSB- . Arguably the darkest , goriest , and most gruesome of all the Jason films this should deliver the goods for the biggest Jason fan . Others might wan na just rent this one . By this point the Jason films have not been as lucrative as they once were in the early-mid 80 's and this was the third Jason film in a row to underperform at the box office . It would be another 9 years before this film was followed by Jason X.
 I really do n't know why I 'm even bothering writing a review here . For some reason , after re-watching the movie once again recently I felt compelled to finally tackle this one . So where do I start ? Good Question . First off , I 'm a huge Friday the 13th fan . Have been since I was a little kid . Yes , they are all pretty campy and cheesy . Gratuitous sex and violence , weak plot , weak acting . . all that stuff . But that 's one thing you have to learn to accept and love if you 're a fan of the genre . However , this film takes some of this to a whole new level . In a nutshell , it 's just plain ridiculous . Yeah , I know its the 9th installment of the series and they were looking to do something different . They were looking to kill Jason once and for all . Though I think by now , most people knew that even Hell would n't stop Hollywood from making more sequels . Anyway , the plot to this film is just so over the top stupid that you ca n't help but ask yourself `` So this was the best idea they had to finally kill Jason off ? '' What makes this so bad is that they add so much extra crap to a well established character and story then expect the audience to just accept it . After 8 films , all of a sudden . . there 's a Voorhees house , a Voorhees Dagger and Book of the Dead -LRB- yes , the same ones from Evil Dead -RRB- , Jason is a Great Uncle now , has a sister and a niece with a baby . There 's a bounty hunter chasing him , who apparently decided to wait 15 years or so to try to actually stop him . Jason can switch bodies . Be re-born . Compel people to eat his heart . Has a small creature inside him that can crawl into bodies . Oh , and he shaves a naked man 's face strapped to a table so he can shove his tongue down his throat . No , I 'm not making any of this up . But besides that , this movie is pretty normal huh ? Hey , I 'm all about trying new things out with a horror franchise . Adding some new twists and turns . Not trying to make the same movies over and over . But this ? It 's just way too much silliness . Compared to this crap , I 'd rather just see some naked kids get killed in cool ways until one chick is left and she gets the best of Jason . Yeah , maybe not original . Maybe silly . But come on , it makes more sense than this . Not only that , but this movie do n't even give you much of the nostalgia factor in actually seeing Jason on screen . He 's there for the first 2 minutes and gets blown to bits . Then random shots here and there for a few seconds , til the last 5 minutes or so . So you 're not even getting the redeeming quality that at least you 're getting to see Jason kill people . You 're seeing Jason inside other people 's bodies . Yeah , that 's what I want to see when I watch Friday the 13th . A doctor , a cop or a guy in a suit killing people , and you have to go `` Oh , but its really Jason ! '' . No thanks . Call me old-fashioned , but how bout trying to stick with what apparently worked for 8 previous films . Yes , change up some stuff here and there if you want , but do n't go crazy just because its supposed to be `` Final '' Friday the 13th film . I still ca n't believe that Sean Cunningham had anything to do with this , but for some reason he produced it . If I had created the Jason character and story , and these people added all this ridiculous story lines to it almost 15 years later just to try to kill him off , I 'd be kinda upset about it . But that 's just me . Look , I know its just a movie . And especially with these films , they 're not supposed to be taken too seriously . But I find this one just so silly that I just tend to ignore it as far as the Friday the 13th series goes . I do own this movie however , because I 'm a collector of the genre , and overall , Friday the 13th is my favorite horror franchise . If you 're a horror fan , then undoubtedly you 've seen this and you have your own opinion . And there 's actually a strong following to this movie who will defend it as being creative and imaginative . I , however , am not one of those people . If by chance you have n't seen this one yet , well , I ca n't tell you I 'm sorry that I gave away some stuff about the movie here . I actually think I did you a favor . Sure , I suggest you watch this at least one and just see what I 'm talking about . And again , if you 're a collector and horror fanatic like myself , its a necessary purchase . But those are only reasons to buy this one .
 Well , I loved the first 8 Friday the 13th films , sequek after sequel I just thought they were all great , so I still had high hopes for this one `` Jason Goes to Hell '' . My first instinct was '' `` Ooooooooooo is he going to be killing people in hell '' '' , sadly that did n't come true , but thats a pretty cool idea if I must say.It opens with some chick driving to a mobile home in crystal lake , taking a shower , and it then tracked down by Jason . But it turns out she was with the FBI , and all these troopers pop out and blow jason to bits , successfully killing him once and for all . But as they are doing an autopsy on Jason , the employee for whatever crazy reason takes a bite out of Jasons beating heart , and has Jasons soul inside of him , and starts killing people , then this guy starts spreading the soul of Jason to other people.Jasons spirit at some points of the movie turn into this worm / slug thing -LRB- as you see on the cover -RRB- . Its all up to this one guy -LRB- i forget his name -RRB- to stop the evil . This movie progresses very slow throughout , and not gory one bit , the idea of possession ina film like this is kind of absurd , I thought the ending was stupid with the Freddy Glove , and let me just continue to say ... I HATED THIS MOVIE . I liked all the Friday the 13th films before , but then , this really went down deep ! I knew there would be one bad film down the line , but this was just TOO TERRIBLE ! I do not recommend this at all , there is nothing cool about this movie one bit , f you come across `` Jason Goes to Hell '' , put some infront of it , do n't even look at the case , this is a terrible movie , I even hate recounting it . I give it a 1/5PS - the workprint version sucked too !
 In the 9th installment , we find Jason safely back at Camp Crystal Lake -LRB- how did he make it back ? who knows ! Leave your brains at the door , with this one ! -RRB- . He stalks a pretty young woman who turns out to be a plant to draw Jason out into the open ! Dozens of soldiers burst from cover and obliterate the infamous murderer . Fret not , Jason fans , there 's more!A pathologist , while performing an autopsy on the fiend 's body , suddenly decides it would be a good idea to eat Jason 's heart , which allows Jason 's spirit to possses his body . The rest of the film , Jason 's spirit switches from body to body as he tries to find his long-lost sister so he can take her body and be reborn as Jason -LRB- this is explained by some ticked-off prisoner , played by the guy who played X in The X-Files -RRB- . Jason can only be killed by his sister with a special knife stabbed into his heart . Jason is reborn through his mother 's -LRB- I think ... I ca n't remember -RRB- body , and bursts through the floor like any respectable monster . Of course he is stabbed , and as the predictably 2 remaining characters watch , he is dragged into Hell.Watch clear until the end and be rewarded with a dopey in-joke . New Friday owners New Line -LRB- who also finance The Lord of The Rings -RRB- decided to revamp this dog of a series by ignoring just about all of the previous entries , with varying results . This is a mean movie that seems to hurt everyone who watches it -LRB- it 's very painful -RRB- . Not to mention pointless . Skip this one and head straight to it 's `` sequel '' , Jason X.
 this movie was almost as bad as `` Jason X '' -LRB- quite possibly the WORST sequel to come out of any movie ever - and ive seen major league 2
 This movie was boring and whack again like all the friday the 13th movies were , wow not even close he just blew up and a stupid black guy ate some of his remaining 's and he turned into what jason was a evil phyco this movie was so whack .
 I truly love the Friday the 13th series , but what the hell.First of all there is no real Jason . Its is just him possessingothers which defeats the purpose of Jason . That 's whathe 's for . To appear behind someone out of this air andhack them . Good luck getting through this one .
 This movie has nothing to do with the Friday The 13th series -LRB- the best slasher series tied with the halloween series -RRB- . First of all the mvie talks about how Jason comes back to life because he 's a little slug-like demon , but we see Jason come back to life each time he does . In part VI lightning strikes a metal pole stuck in jason 's body . Then in part VII a girl brings him back to life with her mental pwers and in party VIII a broken electrical cord shocks him underwater and he returns . So the demon thing makes no sense . Also In part I Mrs. Voorhess says her only son was Jason , so there could be no sister of Jason . And when this horribly painstaking film is done the stupidest thing happens , Freddy 's hand reaches out of the ground and pulls Jason 's mask underground . I 'll admit that the melting and arm breaking scenes are full of great gore , but that only lasts about one miute out of the 90 , so if you 're getting into the Friday the 13th series avoid this one . I mean WTF happened . If you could give movies zero stars I would for this film .
 Usually when I look at a human heart , the first impulse I get is not to DEVOUR the blasted thing . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but Mr. Voorhees did n't appear to have any supernatural powers in the preceeding eight -LRB- other than the proverbial return from the grave -RRB- ; are we supposed to believe that he just suddenly acquired a master 's degree in mind control ? Sure , uh-huh , and I have this tower in Paris for sale ... Anyway , this soggy , overtly violent story is redeemed somewhat by its integral elements and special effects ; too bad the only plot twist was used up in the first ten minutes .
 Jason Voorhees is believed to be dead , but his murderous rampage lives on . He 's able to transfer from body to body , but each host deteriorates at an incredible rate and he has to switch frequently . Meanwhile , Steven goes to meet Diana one night , who happens to be his ex-wife 's mother . She has something very important to tell Steven . You see , Diana is the sister of Jason Voorhees and Jessica , Steven 's ex , is his niece . Steven and Jessica have a baby named Stephanie , as well . According to Creighton Duke , a bounty hunter , the only way anyone can kill Jason is by destroying his heart and it has to be done by a blood relative . Not only that , but he can also be reborn by transferring into the body of another Voorhees . So after Diana is killed in a scuffle with `` Jason , '' that only leaves Jessica and Stephanie . Steven has no choice , but to protect his family even though he 's believed to be the one who killed Diana and has the police hot on his trail every step of the way.For a Friday the 13th film , the acting in this is surprisingly good . It still has a few actors that make you groan , but the actors who get the most face time are decent and get the job done . In fact , I probably would 've rated this a few points higher if it was n't for a few factors . The main one being that Jason is a worm . That 's right . A freaking worm . Not only that , but he 's like this demonic worm thing that the worms in Dreamcatcher would probably find attractive . If they had n't tried to give Jason this supernatural explanation and had something else in its place , this would have been a lot better . Jason , like the actual Jason with the hockey mask , is really only in the film for maybe ten to fifteen minutes tops . So that hurts the film , in my eyes . They also made Jason make all these weird noises this time around . He was wheezing , breathing heavily , groaning , and grunting . It did n't fit the character . He was generally silent up until this film and is again in Jason X. So ... what the hell ? It 's a disappointing sendoff overall for a film labeled as The Final Friday . I guess it was n't completely pointless . We did get the Freddy Vs Jason tease at the end , which was n't really followed up on for ten years . But I digress ... Rating - 4/10
 I have always been a huge fan of the Friday the 13th series . Ever since I was young I have always been into the horror movie slashers , such as Jason , Freddy , and Michael Myers . However , this film does not do any justice to the Friday the 13th series at all . I personally find that this film ruins the previous films from the series . Based on the story line , we are meant to believe that Jason 's spirit can go from person to person , and has always been able to . This of course is not true , because it would have happened in the previous movies . Also , who is this `` Duke '' character ? He was never mentioned before in any of the movies , and for some reason knows about Jason 's ability to travel through people . And last but not least , there is the huge hole in the story line regarding Jason 's sister . Jason has no sister or any other sibling for that matter . One of the main lines said by Jason 's mother Pamela , was that Jason was her only child . This being said , it is best if all true Friday the 13th fans simply pretend that this movie simply does not exist . Just ignore it . It did n't happen . It was never made .
 Ok , I 'll admit ; I liked the ending of Jason goes to hell . The idea of Freddy 's hand pulling down Jason 's mask was great but that was the only good part about the movie . Again , as I said in my review of Part 5 ; Even though Jason was practically not in this movie that is n't the reason I 'm trashing it . The plot itself was ridiculous and it took eight sequels to decide that only a relative of Jason can kill him by stabbing a `` selected '' knife through Jason 's heart . Come on , even I could have come up with something better than that . Like Part 5 & 7 , this is a real stinker . Fortunately , this movie did not end the series .
 This is the worst horror movie ever made because it is stupid and it does not make sense at all.This movie panned and it stinks !
 I had originally lambasted Jason Goes to Hell
 The first time i watched this movie I really did not know what to think . So I watched it a second time , giving it another chance but ... OH MY GOD this movie is horrible . A Horror of a Horror film is what it is . In my opinion this is the worst friday the 13th movie ! no offense to the ones who like it , this is just me speaking my opinion . sorry ... I hated this movie ! do n't buy it.the end .
 What 's wrong with the screen ? It 's too bright . They were REALLY struggling to keep FRIDAY13 alive by this point . So much so that Paramount gave up on it . It 's their own fault for not making them better than they should have been . My Friday the 13th rewrites will be 10 times better I promise you that .
 Jason 9 doesnt really pick up on where `` Jason takes Manhattan '' leaves off . When Jason had a pile of toxic waste dumped on him in the previous film and he turned back into a little boy I just thought , `` that was a wierd ending , but how the hell can jason come back after that ??! '' Well , he did . How ? Who knows ? They never explain how , he 's just there.Anyways , in the beginning we see Jason fall into a trap set up by some swat team and get blown to bits -LRB- a pretty cool scene -RRB- and then he gets sent to a lab to be examined . Why ? why not just throw the body out or something ? Anyway , -LRB- and let me not try to laugh while I type this -RRB- his inner soul flies out of his body in little orange glowy circles and goes into one of the lab doctors -LRB- chuckle , chuckle -RRB- and from there the lab doctor is now Jason . Well , he 's still played by the same lab doctor it 's just that Jason 's soul is inside him . So basically we see Jason for about 10 minutes in the beginning of the film and only about 20 at the end of the film . The rest is spent by these loser nobodies who have been taken over by Jason 's spirit running around killing random people . I was very dissappointed Jason did n't play a bigger role in this . Although there was 1 interesting twist , Jason now could only be killed by the hands of a member of his family , which was played by some girl -LRB- a distant relative -RRB- It ends with well , you guessed it , Jason going to hell . There is one cool scene at the very end of the film where , well I do n't want to ruin it , but a horror character from another horror series makes a very brief cameo . It 's a cool way to end it and will have people talking.Besides these little good things I 've listed , it doesnt help this from being one laughably bad horror movie . It 's not scary , it 's not dark , instead it 's comedic and silly . I heard Jason X was just as bad but I 'll still have to check that one out . Rent this one of you 're bored but by all means DO N'T BUY IT unless you 're obsessed w / the Jason films and must own every one .
 And so , we reach another ` final ' Friday the 13th movie . This time round , after Jason 's previous demise with toxic waste , rumour has it that he is not really dead . So , this time the FBI are called in , intent on killing Jason once and for all . Is n't it funny how it took the government 11 years to set up the operation ?? Setting of Camp Crystal is once again revisited with an added bonus of the Voorhees house . A sting operation is set up and Jason is blown to bits by the FBI . However Jason is not really dead , oh no , his spirit still lives on . The coroner after completing an autopsy suddenly becomes possessed by his heart by eating it ! And so , the film runs through with a lot of body hopping . The writers tried to give this plot some credibility by introducing the idea that Jason did have a sister -LRB- ` Jason was my only child ' -RRB- Remember Mrs.Voorhees statment in the first ? A bounty hunter , Creighton Duke , just happens to know the secret of Jason 's mortality and its all connected to his sister . The only way , therefore , is to send Jason where he truly belongs - to hell ! What a way to ` end ' a franchise . On the plus side , Harry Manfredini does come back with his spine chilling musical score but unfortunatley it 's not enough to save this instalment from being thrown in the thrash where it belongs .
 I will have to admit , this film is pretty good but they stole their idea . The film `` The Hidden '' was just like this . Friday The 13TH Part 9
 Please do n't buy this . . It is terrible . It 's not even jason , his spirit takes over peoples bodies and there is nothing LESS scary that a 50 yeaR OLD HOUSE WIFE WITH DARK BAGS UNDER HER EYES KILLING SOMEONE AND THE DIRECTOR/PRODUCER/STUDIO THINKING THAT IT IS SCARY . . I Know that for the most part these movies are n't the best BUT at least every other one actually has Jason in it .
 People that give this movie a good review , forget what the story is about.You ca n't follow the same storyline for 7 parts and then screw it up with Manhattan and this scifi bodysnatching garbage.Two stars for begining and ending and it 's apart of the greatest horror legacy , so I do have it in my collection .
 This movie is a victim of bad script writing and greedy movie executives . If you have not seen this movie stop reading this and go rent it , because I give away key plot points . I would like to meet the people that decided to make this movie and those that wrote it , because I would like to slap the -LSB- stuff -RSB- out them . Why does the coroner eat the brain of Jason , and why does the brain mutate into parasitic monster that spreads through human to human by the carrier throwing it up into the other persons mouth ? Who is this bounty hunter that is searching for Jason and where was he when Jason was cutting up teenagers at Camp Crystal ? Why does the parasite turn into Jason when it enters the body of a dead Vorehes ? Why does n't Jason kill the boyfriend instead of fighting him ? He ruthlessly killed everybody else that has stood up to him . Where the heck did the bounty hunter get the knife that kills Jason , and did n't he use this knife when Jason was chopping up tons of teenagers at Camp Crystal ? There is so much stuff in this movie that does n't make sense compared to the rest of the Jason series . There are only two reasons this movie even gets two stars , one is because of the sex scene where Jason stabs the woman with a metal stake through the tent , while she was riding her man . The second is because of the scene in the cafe where Jason storms in and the owners stand up to him and eventually die . I can not recommend this movie for anyone .
 This one is perhaps the worst one I 've seen of the Jason series . I could n't even sit though it all .
 I AM A HUGE FAN OF FRIDAY THE 13TH , AND THIS IS THE WORST ONE YET COMPARED TO PART 5 . THE MOVIE IS TERRIBLE AND JASON IS ON SET FOR ONLY TWO SEQUENCES , THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE MOVIE HE IS POSSESING PEOPLE AS THIS LITTLE LIZARD THING -LRB- SINCE WHEN DOES JASON LOOK LIKE A LIZARD -RRB- . THIS MOVIE IS A DISGRACE TO FRIDAY THE 13TH AND THAT IS WHY IS DOESNT HAVE A FRIDAY THE 13TH LOGO . THIS MOVIE BELONGS IN HELL . IT ENDED PERFECTLY AT THE END OF PART 8 THERE WAS NO REASON TO MAKE THIS ONE . I SHOULD SAY TO THE DIRECTOR WHO MADE THIS MOVIE TO STOP WHILE HE CAN BECAUSE HE CANT MAKE A JASON MOVIE AND SHOULD NEVER TRY AGAIN TO . DO NO WASTE YOUR TIME WATCHING THIS MOVIE . PART 5 WAS BETTER THAN THIS MOVIE AND IT DIDNT EVEN HAVE JASON DOING THE KILLINGS . I WISH THEY WOULD JUST BAN THIS MOVIE OFF THE SHELF IT DOESNT DESERVE TO BE AROUND . PLEASE BAN THIS MOVIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Take a look at the original `` Friday the 13th '' movie . Before getting murdered Jasons mother says
 I can remember renting this movie and actually enjoying the first parts of it ... up until right after the coroner chows down on Jason 's heart . Unfortunately that 's the only scene in the whole movie that I did like . Though I also enjoyed how it made fun of all those tabloid news shows that take themselves way too seriously . The rest of the movie I felt was pointless and so bad I actually laughed through the rest of it . Are you sure this is horror ? It felt much more like a gory comedy to me .
 when the movie had been started for like 30 minutes i started to get confused ... i wasnt completely dissapointed though ... it was an alright movie , its just so different than the other F13 's ... I wasnt expecting something like this ... but the main question i thought about was `` why did the doctor eat jasons heart '' ? ... I mean , thats just plain dumb n stupid n such ... i didnt like the idea of them putting jason into other bodies . . it was dumb . . I could have made a WHOLE lot better F13 movie than that ... Its like i said ... This movie is not all THAT bad -LRB- its pretty bad though -RRB- ... i wouldnt recommend renting it . .
 i 'm not real sure why this one was ever made , it 's just the worst of the lot -LRB- and admit it , that is saying a lot !! -RRB- they start by throughing parts 2 thru 8 out the window and making jason something like the `` thing '' as he takes over victimes and then goes on his killing spree . this is just the worst and it is a wonder the series made it past this turkey !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Jason Goes to Hell - The Final Friday ~ Adam Marcus is the first movie that is not in the hands of Paramount Pictures and part nine is controlled by New Line Cinema . I guess after having had the rights to the first eight 13th movies they got a little tired of this franchise . The movie starts out at Crystal Lake which makes no sense at all since last time we saw Jason was in New York . But I guess he bought an airline ticket or simply flew back . But I guess being un-dead he could have walked all the way home also . The script is downright awful and the dialogue is even worst . I wish I could give it 0 stars but since this option is not available I am forced to give it one . Which frankly is one too many . The acting is some of the worst acting I have seen in a long time and is right up there with the classic movie Malibu bikini shop . The special effects are downright shoddy and look cheap even for a 1993 movie . The dialogue is downright awful and is filled with many clich&eacute;s and this looks just like a cheap made for TV movies . Then again this is the ninth movie in the seemingly endless Friday the 13th series so they probably did not have that much money to spend on it . Watch it only if you are a super die hard Friday the 13th fan series , otherwise this turkey of a movie can be totally avoided . Even for me that generally like this series this movie was so bad that after suffering the first gruelling 45 minutes I had to turn it off since I was realizing that I was watching pure garbage and did not want to waste any more of my time on this sorry excuse of a movie .
 This movie is a nonsensical barage of noise and gross-out ugliness . Why they bother to pretend that this is the same `` Jason '' as in the original Friday , I do n't know . I guess they think the audience is pretty dumb . By 1993 , it was apparent that ` they do n't make 'em like they used to . ' The 80s horror flicks were so much better , less loud , less obnoxious , and more fun . This is trash .
 Though I like th Friday The 13th series , this one STINKS !!!!! Jason is a little worm transfering from body to body . Jason is only in the beginning and the end . Though it stinks , A Nightmare On Elm Street 's Freddy Krueger makes a special appearence at the end by sticking his right hand , -LRB- The one with the claws -RRB- out of the ground and pulls Jason 's hockey mask to Hell with him . So , only if you are a die hard fan you should , if not , do n't see it . You are wasting your money .
 The last -LRB- yeah right -RRB- installment in the long running Friday the 13th series is undoubtedly the dumbest . It starts of promising -LRB- sort of -RRB- , Jason is blown up to bits in the very beginning , and his soul jumps from person to person . It is followed by what is possibly the series ' most graphic sex scene , and then the most goriest death scene . But it all goes downhill from there , the rest of the deaths are n't even put together good , and the final scene is downright laughable -LRB- especially the last shot in the film -RRB- . Jason , however , does look his best -LRB- the rare times he is seen -RRB- , and Kane Hodder is the best Jason in the series , and he looks real cool in this installment . The first few Friday the 13th movies were decent , but after Part 4 they just got silly , avoid this unless you really love the series ...
 Spoilers ahead , but do n't worry.The movie 's already a rotten ba-da-bing ! I 'm a huge Friday fan.When I saw the poster and theatrical trailer , it looked like the perfect F13th movie.I was one of the very first people who in the theaters to see it -LRB- better yet it was the ultra-violent unrated version -RRB- . Now I feel sick to my stomach for what the film makers have done to the series.I absolutely hated the way they butchered the series.Here are the flaws galore of the movie-1 . Jason 's screen time was practically useless.I know he was n't in Parts 1 and 5 , but those had redeeming qualities.This has virtually none.Jason is only in this for like 10 minutes.This was probably the biggest reason why I did n't enjoy the movie .2 . The storyline is extremely confusing and is right up there with Phantasm 4 in that it has a confusing story.The idea of Jason having a sister was very lame and him possessing people was just plain dumb.He should be slicing and dicing teens with everything from machetes , axes , spearguns and more , but he should n't be invading people 's bodies .3 . Jason 's new look is VERY lame.He looks like a loser with skin bubbling over his mask and hair sticking out the back.He screams like a girl here too.He was really mean in the first eight , but he 's a total wimp here.I hate the way he was changed .4 . I was quite bothered with the fact that so many ideas from other movies were stolen.Jason being able to possess people is right from The Hidden and him having a sister is straight outta Halloween.The only things I liked were the insane gore , neat special F/X and the incredibly awesome ending , but everything else I absolutely hated.Everyone involved with this should be ashamed.I hope Jason X has nothing to do with this and I certainly hope that Freddy vs.Jason does n't involve this piece of trash.Pick up Parts 4 and 6 for maximum satisfaction but avoid this like you would Jason himself.Unrated , but contains explicit slasher violence , lots of profanity , strong sexuality and bizarre imagery .
 acting like none of the other movies happened jason goes to hell takes the series in a new and horrorible new turn . steeling from `` the thing '' jason is not unstopable he just takes over new bobies when he needs them ?? huh where did that come from ???? not worth the 2 for 11 dollars bin at wal-mart , just junk !!!!!!!!
 I can respect director Adam Marcus for trying to pull away from the series and do something different , but we already had the BS Ft13th movie
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I know the idea was to take Jason in a new direction and break away from the formula . I figure after eight films of the same formula , why even bother ? This movie proves that the films should stick with the simple , cheesy , juvenile formula it 's always had . They were very fun that way . The viewer is expected to swallow alot of -LSB- garbage -RSB- here . First off , that the whole time , Jason was really-down deep-some grotesque Lovecraftian spermy creature . Give me a break . When a horror series goes on for some time , they always try to throw some new `` twist '' into the story and it always ends up being terrible . Like the little evil floating teardrop shaped spirits in `` Freddy 's Dead '' that possess him . Or the bogus theory in Halloween 6 that Michael is part of some druid cult that murders family when the stars are in line . The whole `` body jumping '' thing does n't fit this film . It 's been done before and kinda takes the Jason presence out of the movie . What else ? Oh , Jason has a long lost sister ! You got ta be kidding ! Did n't Jason 's mother in the first FT13 say that Jason was her only child ?? And the only way to kill Jason now is to stab him with some magical dagger -LRB- ? -RRB- the black dude from 21 Jump Street happens to have hanging around . Let me say that again
 this movie totally blows.I like all the rest of the friday the 13th movies but this one I rather watch one of those dull Julia Roberts films then this.Jason only appears at the beginning and he possesses souls through out the movie.the only good part is that cute girl having sex in the tent and when Jason steps on the rubber outside the tent.this film I guess took 8.00 to make so do n't buy this hunk of garbage
 This movie was by far the WORST Friday out there . It had the worst story and was completely unbelievable . One of the problems was the constant profanity . I 'm a big horror fan but there 's a difference between `` being scary '' and `` bad taste '' . This movie was just bad taste . It is my recommendation that you skip this movie , especially if you 're a Friday fan . You wo n't be sorry . It was worse than NIGHT OF THE SCARECROW . Yes , it was that bad .
 Next to `` Jason X '' this is by far the worst of the series . I thought of Annie Wilkes from `` Misery '' while watching this . I remembered her rant about movies that `` cheat '' . `` Jason Goes To Hell '' did exactly that by not giving Jason his screen time . Instead , he jumps from body to body and it is not as fun . Some other things I thought of while watching this : `` Duke '' - he seems to `` know it all '' . How ? Why is he such an expert on Jason Voorhees ? The sickest part is that he has the answer to killing Jason for good , but unless he gets his `` price '' , he will allow more people to die . He also is allowed to mouth off to police officers -LRB- in the diner -RRB- and get away with it.Who cast `` Steven '' ? How is a nerd like that with big geeky glasses the leading man?When the sherriff -LRB- Jason -RRB- attacks Mrs. Kimball and she shoots him , to escape , she tiptoes right over him - even though there is plenty of space in that huge living room.Funny how Steven is able to use his hands perfectly after two fingers have been broken.Just a few observations . This movie is a disgrace and is better left forgotten .
 I 'm a big fan of the Friday the 13th series , but I can honestly say that this movie is one of the biggest pieces of crap I 've ever had the displeasure to sit through . The acting is lame and the story is pathetic . The only thing I commend the filmmakers for is trying to create an original twist to the series . Too bad they failed miserably and created the worst embarrassment to horror films since CGI . Do n't waste your time with this one . Do like the majority of Jason fans do and pretend that this garbage was never created .
 Oh boy . I have no idea what the makers of this Jason flick were thinking when they wrote this stinker . You know , there are certain things you have to put aside when you view a Jason movie . I know this , and most of all , the fans know this . You have to forget about great acting , the brilliant storyline and so on . That 's all fine with me . When I see a Jason flick , I only want to be entertained . I want to see Jason keeping the body-count rising and rising.But `` Jason Goes to Hell '' is a complete embarrassment . It is almost impossible to watch . Is it because of the gore ? Well , there 's a lot of it , but no . Gore is what I expect . Is it because it 's scary ? Most certainly not . Nothing very scary about this movie . So why is it almost impossible to watch?It was terribly written . That 's right . Of course I 'm not expecting Arthur Miller when I watch a `` Friday the 13th '' movie , but I expect the story to be somewhat bearable . Supposedly Jason has the ability to transport from different bodies . Once he 's done with one , his spirit invades another . He must do this until he can find a blood-relative of some sort to be `` re-born . '' What does this mean ? Means that you hardly see the hockey-masked killer until the last half of the movie . And even then it 's not that great . While there 's some cool death scenes and extremely gory scenes , this movie ends up being a dud . Actually , calling it a `` dud '' is being too polite.It 's simple . All they needed to do was have some kind of minor story going on that would lead to Jason coming back from the grave and unleashing his bloody revenge upon carefree teens who think Crystal Lake is a safe place to venture . See , very simple . But no , they had to create an outrageous story that really kind of takes the focus away from Jason himself . The movie does n't even pick up where the last one ended . That already was a clue that the writers had no idea what to do with the movie.The DVD is very cool ... too bad the movie is n't . You can watch the Rated-R version or the unrated one . There 's commentary , `` Jump to a Death '' feature , alternate scenes and more . I did n't really pay too much attention to the extras , being that I did n't like the movie . `` Jason Goes to Hell '' is a sorry excuse for a Jason movie . My advice is to skip it , but if you 've seen the rest then you might as well see it so you can say that you have indeed viewed it . Lame story , bad plot , terrible premise , these are only a few of the things that make this movie a stinker . Could 've been so much more , I 'm sorry to say . The previous Jason flicks are MUCH better than this . Watch at your own risk ...
 Please understand that this is NOT the orange Michael W. Smith Worship CD translated directly onto a DVD . This DVD is a compilation of the Worship and Worship Again CDs . Make sure you research the songs contained in this DVD , so you will not be disappointed , as I was .
 This DVD is disappointing to say the least . From the moment Michael enters the arena through the crowd I feel like I 'm watching carefully scripted theatre rather than worship to the King of Kings . The focus here is Michael W. Smith , `` Worship Artist '' . Michael appears stiff and very conscious of the cameras , his movements choreographed . The direction is average , lacking inspiration and repetitive . The only moment I felt my spirit engage was during Awesome God . If you want a truly amazing worship experience on DVD I suggest you avoid this . You 're better off buying Hillsong 's `` Blessed '' or Christian City Church , Oxford Falls ' new album `` Lift '' .
 Michael W. Smith the accomplished songwriter and ccm performer put out this worship video of popular worship songs.I have real mixed feelings on this one . I 'm not a huge fan of Michael W. Smith for various reasons but I originally saw it on christian tv which was an edited version with not all the songs on this dvd , and really like it . A great deal of this performance seemed rather contrived , I guess it was more of a performance than a worship service so that might account for some of it.There was too much posing going on and far too much screaming and applauding by the audience , it made it all look a bit like Michael was the one being worshipped . This is a common problem that needs to be dealt with . The entertainment cult of today -LRB- as I call it -RRB- has invaded the church to some degree . I believe in giving honour where honour is due but it get 's ridiculous on here . Listen carefully to the commentaries as well , they are entertaining often for the wrong reasons.Love the versions of `` above all '' , `` open the eyes of my heart '' and `` draw me close to you '' , prefer Hillsongs dvd 's or Paul Balouche 's new one though , far more worship of God going on on these ones . A couple of songs like `` let is rain '' and `` 40 '' were rather pointless and seemed to go on for a long time . Ironic considering the lyrics of 40 ! I do n't think anyone could cover U2 and do them justice though.Thanks for reading .
 Have you ever rented a movie , and about 10 minutes into -LRB- sometimes less , sometimes more -RRB- realized that you had just wasted your movie ? Well , thats exactly what I did with this movie . This movie I guess was trying to be a comedy , but was not funny at all . The lovestory part is nothing new and terribly borring . Just a waste of time in general to watch this . I ca n't see why people would rate it over 2 stars !!!!
 I am a fan of Hugh Grant especially for the comedy movies Nine Months , Notting Hill and 3 Weddings and 1 Funeral . I also liked Sandra Bullock in movies like The Net , While you were sleeping for her excellent performances . So , with great expectations I wanted to see this so called comedy but it was a total disappointment . The movie was so boring that I could not even finish it . The actors look ordinary , the story looks ordinary and so the treatment . A total waste . The stardom is wasted and so is our time too.Was the movie taken it two weeks ?
 TWO WEEKS NOTICE is clearly an attempt by director Marc Lawrence to herald in what he hoped would be this generation 's Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn . What made Tracy and Hepburn resonate with the audience was that despite their on-air bickering , one could see that there was a core of misguided , if not misplaced , emotion bubbling to reach the surface . But with Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock , what became apparent from the opening reel was that while both have the star power individually to carry a romantic movie , collectively they simply do not bounce off one another in a manner that lets the audience grow to care about their deliberately emphasized differences . And in films like TWO WEEKS NOTICE , it is the degree to which the audience connects to these differences that mark such movies as truly engaging experiences . Unfortunately , TWO WEEKS NOTICE does not ring true in any area that counts.Hugh Grant is George Wade , a multimillionaire real esate developer who is rich in name only . His more unattractive brother has wisely allowed him to stand as the sexy and successful symbol for Wade Enterprises . George is unabashedly handsome in the self-deprecating manner that has long since been the essential Hugh Grant trademark . He flits from affair to affair , all of which costs him plenty , but since he has his rich brother 's money to back him up , he can afford to buy a hot dog and pay for it with a $ 100 bill , and not ask for change . In his job as company spokesman , he is incredibly incompetent . He does not even know what suit to wear for a social function , much less decide when and where to build a monstrous condo that only a Trump would love . Enter Lucy Kelson -LRB- Sandra Bullock -RRB- who is everything that George is not . He is egotistical , hedonistic , and much aware of his shortcomings in business acumen . Lucy is modest , altruistic , but possessed of a huge ego that manifests itself in a desire to Save the World from evil developers like George Wade . Now these differences might have been enough to generate humor and audience attachment to the actors had these actors showed even a glimmer of compatability . Instead , director Lawrence tries to show a Tracy-Hepburn sense of appealing squaking by contrasting some rather appalling scenes of grossness . Lucy Kelson has just eaten a chili dog that she warns is about to make an unexpected appearance . George is then forced to find a handy toilet , and since both are in a car on the FDR Highway , it takes somes some doing to resolve in a way that is more nasty than humorous . Far too many of similar such scenes remind the audience that what they are watching are actors trying vainly to be lightly and humorously romantic . Not for one moment can one willingly suspend one 's belief to enter the world of a romantic comedy that Grant and Bullock try so hard but in vain to achieve . The fault is not theirs , since both are appealing in scenes in which they appear solo . The problem is a poor script that relies too heavily on the sight gag and the pratfall . I would like to see them try again , but this time with a plot that does not suggest that the entire process of filming required somewhat more than two weeks to complete .
 Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are nice to look at , as are many of the supporting cast . Some beautiful & sexy ; outfits , too . Looking at their pictures in a magazine would be a better use of time.Thin plot ; unbelievable behaviors for supposedly professionallawyers and wealthy businessmen . I guess the stars ' names helped pay for the cost of making this film . In a nutshell : Thoroughly beyond belief , and rarely/lamely funny .
 One of the worst movies I have seen in a long time . Just terrible .
 I rented this movie because it did n't look good enough to see in the theater . I was right . Actually , it was n't worth the price of the rental , either . Best to wait for it to be on ABC or something . There were a few funny moments , but overall the writing was n't very good , the acting was pretty bad -LRB- Hugh did a decent job , but Sandra seemed , as my husband put it , like a bit of an ice queen -RRB- , and I could gather no real chemistry between them . They seemed like good friends , but the film did n't convince me that there was any real attraction between them . Overall boring .
 This is a very lousy and boring film . There 's not much substance in the writing . I will not recommend this film .
 that two people who were so hilarious together on the publicity circuit for this film have no chemistry whatsoever onscreen ? Could it be the writing ? The whole boring , predictable premise ? The Directing ? Yes , yes and yes .
 An absolute dud ! This movie is poorly written , ineptly directed , and edited with no sense of comedy or continuity . I am a big fan of both Grant and Bullock , but I have to say that this is one of the WORST movies that I have ever seen !
 Grant & Bullock are two of the Most Run of Mill Actors & Actress 's in the Business going around & this Film was like a low-Budget `` When Harry Met Sally `` Clone without any luster what so ever.this Film was just kind of there.I was Bored Beyond belief .
 Both my daughter and I looked forward to seeing this film . I am a big fan of both Sandra Bullocks and Hugh Grant , as they are charismatic and talented actors with a feel for comedy . Unfortunately , even they can not overcome a witless script and the ham-handed direction of Marc Lawrence.Sandra Bullock plays the role of neurotic Lucy Kelson , a Harvard Law School grad who follows in the footsteps of her activist parents by becoming an activist lawyer . Hugh Grant is in his element as George Wade , a real estate developer and playboy tycoon . When they are brought together by fate , they strike a deal that they believe would be in each of their respective best interests . Lucy will work for George as his chief counsel , while George promises not to apply the wrecker 's ball to her beloved Coney Island community center.Unfortunately , as time passes , these two opposites begin to be attracted to each other . Just as fate contrived to bring them together , however , it appears that fate will also tear them apart . When Lucy discovers that George will be unable to keep his promise about the Coney Island community center , she gives him two weeks notice . Enter June Carter -LRB- Alicia Witt -RRB- , also a Harvard Law grad and Lucy 's replacement . The luscious June quickly sizes up George Wade and sets her cap for him , causing Lucy to suffer pangs of jealousy of which she had been previously unaware.There are no surprises in this formulaic film . Hugh Grant does his slightly wacky British turn , while Sandra Bullocks turns in another intelligently ditzy , infectious performance . It is the script and the direction , however , not the actors , that jettison this remarkably unfunny , romantic comedy . The laughs are few and far between . The dialogue is one dimensional and cartoonish . It fails to build a believable romance between the two main characters . Quite frankly , all the film does is waste the considerable talents of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullocks , as well as the viewer 's time . It is an unintelligent , pedestrian film that would otherwise have tanked but for its star power .
 I ordered the widescreen for my wife 's birthday and received the full screen . The movie is good but I 'm not happy about the error .
 I downloaded the movie for viewing later . Low and behold when on an airplane , i found that I could n't view as it had n't downloaded . Of course once I started the video the 24 hours started so I spent 2.99 for nothing .
 I have come to expect a lot more from both of these fine comedic talents!The plotline was way too formulaic and , Duh ! everyone knows the two will eventually wind up together.Bad fluff by 2 great actors - let 's hope there is better from them to come !
 I love both these actors , and they 're both likeable and cute . But this movie was a dog . Firstly , the plot was very different than the feel of the movie you got from the trailer . Secondly , Ms. Bullock once again plays a soppy loser who orders chinese take-out night after night alone . Despite being a highly successful lawyer , her character comes across as a total loser with no confidence , just a fruity greenpeace nut . This is so disappointing when Sandra Bullock could be so much more . Why does she return to these rolls over and over again?Third , George and Lucy had no spark or chemistry . There was no love story here , just funny little scenes stuck together . The ending was very boring . They should have shown the wedding , except that Lucy 's bridal getup was horrendously ugly ! She looks like her name should be Agnes or something . See Sliding Doors instead with Gwyneth Paltrow , that was cute .
 I 'm a huge fan of Hugh and Sandra but putting them together was a bad idea , no chemistry whatsoever . The movie was painful to watch it was not even remotely romantic give me `` Notting Hill '' and `` While you were sleeping '' any day Hugh and Sandra are good apart but not together .
 The story was awful . Do n't spend your money on this one . Borrow it from the library .
 Movie started out promising and then went nowhere , but seemed to last a long time .
 Although the sound went out several times during the movie and we were all given a free ticket to come back to see it , nothing made me want to see it . I thought Sandra and Hugh showed no chemistry what-so-ever . They were not realistic as a couple and I did n't like either one 's characters . I went to see it thinking , `` How can a Hugh Grant/Sandra Bullock movie be bad . '' Well , they answered it for me . I could of thought of a million things better to do with my time . I will flip the channel when I see it on cable .
 If neither Sandra Bullock nor Hugh Grant -LRB- to a lesser extent -RRB- can save the thinnest and most damningly simple movie , then it 's safe to say that it is indeed junked . Unlike one of the other Mark Lawrence movies featuring Bullock , ` Miss Congeniality , ' Bullock does n't get much of a chance to show off her screwball splendor . Instead , what we get from both leads is a tired effort at replaying what movie audiences love most about them , which is one joke too many and one too lame already . But , if all else fails in a screwball romance , you can at least be assured of eye candy with this pair .
 This is truly one of the worst movies I 've ever watched .
 I gave it two stars and i was being kind . Simply because I saw `` the ring '' and gave it one star and did enjoy it more than that . But this movie is so predictable . Maybe its because I 've seen this before . yes it was in `` you 've got mail . '' Two rich and professional people who in the begining dispise each other while one of them is in a relationship with another . About half way through the protagonist who 's in the relationship miraculously drops the ` lover-we-never-see ' and realizes how much she loves our other main character . But they save it all for the end with the big `` oh i 've always felt this way kiss `` Sadly predicatable and loaded with a lot of dry humor , this movie was n't at all what I expected , it was worse . Sadly , Sandra 's ` girl next door good looks ' and Hugh 's quick oneliners were n't enough to rescue this movie from its date with ... -LSB- removed store name -RSB- .
 I am very surprised by all the good reviews here for this film . I sat there waiting for something to happen , but for the entire thing it was just unfunny . I cared nothing about the characters played by Bullock and Grant . I went in hoping that it would be the caliber of writing of someone like Richard Curtis on Notting Hill or Love Actually -LRB- two terrific Hugh Grant films -RRB- , but this was just a complete waste of time where you want those hours of your life back . I noticed Bullock 's name as a producer . I hope this does n't mean she fudged with the script to make it `` funny '' in her mind . -LRB- Anybody remember when actress Kim Basinger complained that the writer of the script for her film Marrying Man had no conception of comedy and she decided to rewrite it ? The writer she was complaining about was Neil Simon . -RRB-
 Sandra Bullock tries the old , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it '' routine for this movie . This movie was not funny at all . Even with comedian , Robert Klein in a supporting role , it does n't take off . Hugh Grant is wasted in his role . Overall , this is a dud .
 I usually love Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant , but unfortunately this movie is really bad . Neither character was very appealing , there was no chemistry , and the whole thing was flat . I found myself actually wincing for the actors . Do not waste your time .
 TWO WEEKS NOTICE was a cute film but missed the mark unlike its predecessor Maid In Manhattan which was more real and entertaining . Sandra Bullock -LRB- Miss Congeniality , Force Of Nature -RRB- produced this film as well as stars in it . Her performance although I am sure is honest seemed a little held back playing the Harvard Lawyer fighting for the down-and-under trod.While the other side of the coin , there is the rich millionaire played by Hugh Grant -LRB- Nine Months , Notting Hill -RRB- was a more outgoing , non-caring and flamboyant wisp that almost did n't match to well with Sandra.It ran a little slow and seemed much more predictable toward the end . Written and directed by Marc Lawrence -LRB- Miss Congeniality , Force Of Nature -RRB- the movie seemed very slow in pace . Robert Klein -LRB- Primary Colors , One Fine Day -RRB- gives a standout performance as Sandra 's father that is worth noting.This is a good movie for the video and DVD - but theatrically it was a little disappointing . -LRB- 12-31-02 -RRB-
 Being a fan of both Miss. . Sandra Bullock and Mr. Hugh Grant I looked forward to what I felt would be a fun movie , unfortunately I was to be quite disappointed.Miss Bullock 's character lacked the manic energy she has frequently displayed and that this story badly needed . Her character , Lucy Kelson , had a great deal of potential , which a lackluster performance did not deliver.Mr . Grant 's performance was better , but not markedly so . The ` one liners ' he delivered had little punch and even less humor . The chemistry between the two main characters , necessary in this type film , just did n't seem to be there.The one bright spot was Miss. . Alicia Witt , as June Carter , a sort of rival to Miss Bullock 's character for the affections of Mr. Grant . Her performance had energy , humor , the vulnerability of youth and at the same time the sense that she was potentially a predator manipulating the situation for personal gain.Bottom line
 I just got home from seeing this movie , and man this is bad.They do have a couple of funny sayings , but this movie is just boring.And it seemed like it lasted way too long.Please avoid this bad movie like the plague .
 `` Two Weeks Notice '' stars two appealing people , but they have no chemistry . My dog and cat have more chemistry . Why would a lawyer -LRB- Sandra Bullock -RRB- want to work for a conceited billionaire -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- ? Greed is a bad thing . Falling in love after countless annoying incidents just makes this movie another routine POS . There was one scene where they were playing mixed doubles in tennis and I was truly ashamed with their athleticism . I could 've probably beat all of them with my hand tied behind my back because I 'm the king of handicap matches . Oh well . This movie really does n't grab your attention and makes you wish you spent your money on something with substance , like a twinkie .
 Let 's be honest this is as -LSB- weak -RSB- a comedy as you can imagine but having said that , Hugh Grant is funny , even with this script and Sandra Bullock is cute . I would never recommend you actually buy this but a rental on an evening when you IQ are asleep and there is nothing else on , then it is okay .
 but I do n't like Sandra doing her insane bouncing ball impersonation . seen her doing it in several movies and it really gets on my nerve .
 Love the movie , but beware of this DVD . 3 times I 've ordered it from Amazon -LRB- twice in a Slipcase and once in a Keepcase , and all 3 DVD 's skipped , the video broke up , scenes kept repeating , etc. . . And yes , I used the Memorex CD cleaner on the DVD player without any change , and no , none of my numerous other commercially purchased DVD 's demonstrate this problem . Two Weeks Notice is the ONLY one . So my suggestion is to stick to the VCR version .
 OK , this review is going to be fairly short . I have to say that this movie could have been great , but unfortunately falls flat at the end . The first half of this movie is great , Hugh Grant is hilarious and Sandra Bullock manages to be cute and intelligent at the same time , and these characters are completely believable . Grant has a line where he says `` My life is a lot like Monopoly '' -LRB- which had me rolling -RRB- and sadly the movie is a lot like Monopoly , in that it is a ` board ' game and I found myself very ` bored ' in the last half of the movie.This movie is hilarious enough in the first half that I watch just that part then turn it off , because I know what is coming . The last act has them coming together and confessing their love for each other , and at that point it feels completely rushed and unbelievable , like this is the end , so they love each other , ummm , roll credits . I recommend the first half highly , then just skip the rest .
 When I first saw this movie , I was looking for a funny , romantic , movie full of laughter and romance . What I got - a few funny lines , and absolutly NO onscreen chemistry between Grant and Bullock . The plot was good , but it kind of dragged on a bit . The ending did n't hit home , and overall , the film was n't very good . If you are looking for a good romantic comedy , do n't bet all your money on this one .
 Sometimes a bubblegum movie is old bubblegum , tired and chewy and not very sweet . This movie has all the pieces but does n't have any zing to it , any purpose . They go back and forth a little bit but they never truly convinced me that they were in love or their love was in danger . Alicia Witt , a superb actress did n't really have much to do in thsi film and Hugh Grant 's bumbling charm boy routine is wearing thin.I 'm not sure about Bullock , she 's filling a niche I 'm sure . Doing films that appeal to her , that she gets paid a lot for , that help employ a lot of people . But I 'm not qute sure if she 's developing further along as an actress , if she 's willing to take a risk and do something edgey or different or challenging . She just seems to be the best at the romantic comedy pairings movie of the season . Hopefully she 'll start getting better choices .
 Fresh of watching `` About A Boy '' I felt like Hugh Grant could do no wrong , so despite less than stellar reviews I decided give `` Two Weeks Notice '' a shot , which was a mistake . While there are some comedic moments , this a romantic comedy and Bullock and Grant have NO chemistry . In most of the scenes they seem only mildly aware of eachother mostly focusing on thier actions . As a result , I never felt like they should be together . Further , the plot seems to jump around . Right after getting hired , the plot leapfrogs to weeks later where Grant and Bullock are now supposed to be chumy , but I never felt it . THey seem to be tired of eachother and their action forced by the plot 's simple-minded purpose . After his great romantic comedies of the 1990s , this a huge step down for Grant and even for Bullock , who mostly makes bad movies anyway . This is not worth your time because it clearly was n't even worth the actors full attention .
 Hugh Grant does his enjoyable act to perfection in this movie but it is so lacking in story that it 's rendered mind-numbing syrup even by romantic comedy standards . The schlock political message they attempt is embarrasing even to liberals.And let 's face it , Sandra Bullock is just not a screen beauty , cute maybe , but that nasal voice that not will carry a movie .
 Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant are two great actors , and putting them together in a romantic comedy seems like it would make perfect sense . However this was the wrong choice for them . This movie just was n't very funny , and I really did n't feel any chemisty between the two . I coulde n't wait for this movie to be over . All in all , this movie wasted some big time talent .
 Paired for the first time these favorites , Bullock & Grant , are a treat for the eye and mood . What 's not to like when you see Lucy , Bullock , play her playful off-kilter , eccentric impassioned character as she and a couple decide to stop the demolition of a historic landmark . Bullock comes equipped with wet wipes , mats and protective eye gear so demonstrating is less hazardous to their health.Rubber-faced , laid back Hugh Grant , a feast to the eyes , plays a likable albeit ; slightly inattentive CEO who needs lots of guidance and tends to hire female attorneys with a law degree from some tropical island . He commanded by his brother , the behind the scenes power to hire someone with a real law degree , like one from Harvard.Lucy happens to have the necessary degree and while pestering George , the Grant character , lets it slip she has graduated from Harvard . Grant asks her to join her in the limo to discuss her current project and Lucy ends up employed by the Wade Corp. . She works for , indeed , baby-sits George for about a year then decided he is too dependent and gives notice.Lucy 's replacement , makes her slightly uneasy , is this jealousy ? Add to the mix the droll English Grant wit , great scenarios , and prat falls and you have an enjoyable movie .
 Two Weeks Notice marks the first time collaboration between two of the biggest names in romantic comedy . With a combined resume of past works consisting Bridget Jone 's Diary , Notting Hill , Forces of Nature , and While You Were Sleeping , it is quite surprising that it took so long for Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock to work together until now . Both actors have accumulated quite a fan following , so there is no doubt that the film will be profitable , even in the midst of a month crowded with quality movies , but will it be worth your time and the price of the admission?A Harvard law school graduate , Lucy Kelson -LRB- Sandra Bullock -RRB- dedicates most of her time to preserving historical landmarks the big corporations of New York are bent on destroying for the sake of urban development . In her efforts to save the Coney Island community center , she makes a deal with George Wade -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- of the Wade Corporations . In return for his promise to keep the building , she agrees to take the job as his new chief counsel . However , everything does not go according to Lucy 's plan . Instead of her dreams of utilizing the company 's vast resources to address issues she is most passionate about and to help those that are less fortunate , she finds herself at George 's beck and call , making every decisions from his wardrobe to his prospective dates . Realizing that this is not what she signed on for , Lucy decides to call it quits , but George refuses to let her go until she finds a replacement for herself , a task that becomes increasingly harder as the days go by.It is a good thing that Bullock and Grant are both very likeable on screen , because even though the characters they often portray are very similar , you nevertheless enjoy their performances due to the personalities they bring to these roles . Unfortunately , this is not the case in Two Weeks Notice . In fact , I found myself feeling apathetic towards Lucy and George , and I really could care less what happens to them . This is not to say that Bullock and Grant did not try their best , the problem is they had very little to work with , since how can you breathe life to characters that do n't have any to start off with?Although the chemistry is definitely there among the two leads , it just does not seem to work . To me Lucy and George act more like a pair of bickering siblings than a couple ; their constant bantering and arguments did not help to convince me of their unspoken love and attraction towards each other . I am sad to say that I was extremely bored by the experience , and the laughs are too few and far in between.The bottom line is that Two Weeks Notice is neither funny nor romantic . The dialogues are flat and the characters are stereotypically predictable . Scenes rarely flow smoothly from one to the other , the whole film feels very much like going through a scrapbook where random events are cut and pasted together . The worse thing about it is the blatant attempt to sell a mediocre story based on the strengths and popularity of two well-established veterans of the genre . If there is one movie that can make both Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock dull and unattractive to watch , this is definitely it . I simply can not recommend Two Weeks Notice , it is clearly deserving of a pink slip .
 Out of all the movies Grant and Bullock have ever done which is the most re-occurring genre ? Rom-com . How many rom-coms are out there -LRB- especially at present -RRB- ? Too many.What new material/angle does Two Weeks Notice offer ? None.There really is no point in this movie . It was only made because the public still go to see the same predictable rubbish over and over and therefor would more than likely make a profit.Every single rom-com clich&eacute; you can think of is in this movie
 I suppose I expected too much after just watching Miss Congeniality . This movie was slow and too political . It constantly insults conservatism but gives no grounds for doing so . As liberalism often does . Now , I could insult Democrats all day , but I 'd do it with facts and give reasons for doing so . And do n't get me wrong , Republicrats are n't much better than Demopublicans ... however , conservatism is a lifestyle and for some reason it 's the only lifestyle Hollywood , liberals and just humans in general have full rights to degrade and insult -LRB- by the way , conservatives are not ALL red-necks -RRB- . That just seems very HYPOCRITICAL to me.NONE of that changes my original point ... this movie is hardly funny -LRB- if at all -RRB- , not all that interesting and not at all entertaining . The mushy ending felt forced , in fact ... it felt so forced , I wanted to smack the both of them and serve them their future divorce papers right there!I 'm only glad my friend let me borrow his copy ... poor guy , he 's the one that bought it . SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR SOMETHING REALLY FUNNY !
 By activating the `` Two Bleeps Notice '' function in Special Features , you can access the movie outtakes when a small pink heart appears on the screen . If you do n't want to have to watch the entire movie , here are the locations of each heart . I think I found them all . These are listed by hour : minute : second . 18:32 , 20:04 , 23:38 , 24:13 , 26:38 , 28:14 , 33:02 , 37:28 , 41:36 , 47:16 , 57:50 , 1:13:01 , 1:24:29 . The extras on the DVD are of the usual fare , but not outstanding . The commentary is somewhat interesting , with Sanda and Hugh bantering about . The movie itself is somewhat forgettable , but is an enjoyable little film . I agree with another reviewer who said that it 's like iceberg lettuce
 Nothing worth seeing -- Grant has made some classics in this genre -LRB- Four Weddings and a Funeral , Notting Hill , Bridget Jones 's Diary -RRB- -- but `` Two Weeks Notice '' is not a classic . It is n't even an admirable effort . It is clear he enjoyed working with Sandra Bullock offscreen , but they share little onscreen chemistry . Bullock continues her title as the `` poor man 's Julia Roberts '' -- it 's not a harmful film -- it 's just not very good .
 Same story we 've seen many times before . You know whats going to happen just by seeing the preview . Grant is great and charming . Bullock is her same old clumsy character . Supporting cast provides laughs as well . All right if you have nothing better to see .
 You would think that a romcom with Bullock and Grant could hardly go wrong.Unfortunately it does in spectacular fashion.Zero chemistry is never a good start in a romantic movie , and two very funny people are let down by an unfunny script.The film feels like it never quite starts - I spent the whole thing waiting for the story to kick in - and then it 's over.Very disappointing . I expect the commentary and bloopers are the best reason -LRB- if there is a reason ! -RRB- to buy this movie.Just plain boring - what a shame .
 Sandra Bullock is Lucy , a pro bono lawyer passionately devoted to saving the community from rapacious developers . One day she is lying on the pavement between an historic building and the wrecker 's ball when she meets playboy George -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- , the public spokesman for the very corporation that wants to knock down the landmark . George is between lawyers at the moment -LRB- his CEO brother fired the last one -RRB- , and when he finds out Lucy actually has a degree from Harvard , he impulsively offers her a job and a promise to spare her Coney Island rec center.And from there on it was just annoying . A couple of critics called this screenplay undernourished ; I 'd say emaciated . The best romantic comedies have a busy , likable supporting cast to add layers of interest and tone to the primary storyline -LRB- remember Notting Hill and While You Were Sleeping ? -RRB- ; Grant and Bullock were pretty much on their own . The two of them , mostly just the two of them , George ` s outrageous insensitivity and Lucy 's indignation in the same tiresome pattern that begged for denouement long before Lucy finally gave her two weeks ' notice . What bridesmaid leaves her cell phone on at the altar of her best friend 's wedding , anyway ? And it still took too long for this to end . Grant had a lot of witty one-liners ; but I thought he was too offhand , as if contemptuous of the material . Bullock was charming , but not charming enough to save this mess.Obviously , production costs were kept to the minimum . Locations were unvaried , supporting cast almost invisible , cinematography bland , clothes blah . Bullock as Producer must have figured that two big stars would bring in the audience before word spread how awful this really was . And she thought this romantic comedy was so good , she could n't possibly make a better one ? I 'm pretty charitable when it comes to a movie of this genre . It only has to look good , sound good , and make me feel good . This one was zero for three.I 've learned something . If you 're reading these reviews in order to decide whether or not to purchase the dvd , do n't go by `` Most Helpful '' reviews . People get on here and vote Yes , it was helpful , when they have already seen the movie and agree with the review . This tends to inflate positive reviews . Instead , look at the star rating profile at the top . If most people really loved the movie and you probably will , too , the profile will have a bulge at 5 stars tapering down smoothly to a very thin or non-existent tail at 1 . If instead of a smooth descent from 5 the distribution is lumpy ; or especially if 1-plus-2 's add up to about the same as the 5 's , maybe you ought to rent first . Take a look at this one 's profile .
 An obnoxiously bad movie containing just about every PC cliche imaginable . Not funny , except in a `` how can a movie be this bad '' sort of way . No romantic chemistry . Terrible in every way .
 I 've always been a big fan of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock and I was really looking forward to seeing the two of them together . I sincerely wanted to enjoy myself , but the one thing you heard ALL the critics agree upon about this film turned out to be absolutely true -- It 's about as ordinary and unoriginal as a romantic comedy can be . The conflicting question among all the critics was this
 Sandra Bulluck -LRB- who is my favorite actress , by the way -RRB- never looked good in this movie and the chemistry between her and Hugh Grant was missing . Neither her character nor Hugh 's was particularly like-able and the ending was , of course , predictable , but lacking in real emotion . Wait for cable .
 I gave it two stars and i was being kind . Simply because I saw `` the ring '' and gave it one star and did enjoy it more than that . But this movie is so predictable . Maybe its because I 've seen this before . yes it was in `` you 've got mail . '' Two rich and professional people who in the begining dispise each other while one of them is in a relationship with another . About half way through the protagonist who 's in the relationship miraculously drops the ` lover-we-never-see ' and realizes how much she loves our other main character . But they save it all for the end with the big `` oh i 've always felt this way kiss `` Sadly predicatable and loaded with a lot of dry humor , this movie was n't at all what I expected , it was worse . Sadly , Sandra 's ` girl next door good looks ' and Hugh 's quick oneliners were n't enough to rescue this movie from its date with Blockbuster .
 Boring movie , that I mainly remember from when I saw it years ago , because I consciously thought , `` Who is that actress with the long wavy hair ? She is so bland and boring , I 'm amazed she got cast in this movie . Gosh she is really bland . '' Julia Roberts has since become a huge star . But neither my opinion of her -- nor this film -- has changed a whit .
 I purchased this movie for my niece , because she loved the movie . When she tried to watch it the movie gave an error message saying it could not be watched in the area . We were all very disappointed about that .
 This film was just stupid . Several friends work in a pizza parlor together , and their lives go in different directions . Julia Roberts in one of her earliest roles , and MY MY MY has she changed . She played a loose , temperamental `` town ... '' who gets involved with a rich guy and has to figure out how to play on his turf -LRB- preparation for Pretty Woman , maybe ? -RRB- , Lili Taylor plays a girl who is soon going to marry her long-time boyfriend . She has doubts , but in the end does marry him . Another character -LRB- Annabeth Gish , I think -RRB- is saving money to go to Harvard -LRB- or some Ivy league school -RRB- and finds a job as a nanny . The man who hires her is married , his wife is in England or somewhere , and they have an affair . And when the wife arrives , he tries to pretend nothing ever happened . Nothing new about that story . The film tries to show the womens ' enduring friendship , but it is all ... dull and contrived .
 One of the things I love most about Judd Apatow movies and televisions shows -LRB- espeicallyFreaks and Geeks - The Complete Seriesis the way he starts out with characters that seem bland and stereotypical , yet as the movie or series progresses they reveal themselves to have hidden depths and by the end of the series , they are both completely different and utterly the same . Why do I bring up Judd Apatow in a review of an Alan Ball series?Because Alan Ball is the opposite of Judd Apatow.He starts out with interesting well realized characters and somehow over the course of one season , he turns them into shrill little stereotypical idiots without personality . I 'm not quite sure how he does it but somehow he manages . It 's been over a year since I sawTrue Blood
 As much as I love the show - I find the price of this DVD collection to be insane !
 Seller claimed to be selling the complete season of Six Feet Under . I received the 4th disc of the first season . DVD was in bad shape . Not satisfied .
 It is ridiculous that this series has no closed captioning for the hearing impaired . I am not deaf , but I require subtitles to watch while I exercise . Yes , I can watch the series while doing other things , but what about the people who have no choice in the matter ?
 I was n't able to give the actual box for the dvd as part of the gift because the top was ripped off . The status was that it was just like new . This is not just like new if the box is broken . Otherwise the dvds look great and not scratched .
 I am a huge fan of HBO series but I ca n't get into this one . I do n't connnect with the characters , I find them dull and the whole storyline bores me . I have tried as it gets raving reviews from most who watch it , but I just do n't care for it . There is not one character I even like ! I love Deadwood , Oz , Rome and Carnivale . All wonderful above average shows , but this one is lacking something . It does not have any spark . I felt it is really dull .
 First , you have to BUY HBO to see this series ... then , if you want the DVD 's , you have to pay DOUBLE what other DVD sets cost!I think that 's highway robbery ... I 'd rather not buy this set unless someone else gets it as a gift and then sells it for cheaper on eBay!I do n't mind paying an average of about $ 30 - $ 45 for a series , but every season of six feet is $ 80 or more !
 Admittedly , I have only seen disc one of the first season , but I am very disappointed so far . The pilot was a big turn off . It was trying to hard to be `` artsy '' with stupid fake commercials of funeral products and weird dream sequences . It tried to get everything shocking into one episode - death , gore , dead bodies , explicit casual sex in a closet , explicit hard-core drug use in teens , intimacy between gay men , teen bullying and lots of foul language . I actually have no objection to the above list as single entities to explore as social issues and life and death , but to throw all of them into my face at once was not entertainment.My teen and pre-teen both popped in during the time I was watching and had to be sent out quickly , as the `` adult '' themes -LRB- i.e. those from the list above -RRB- popped up so quickly that the kids could n't stay but a few seconds before another adult scene was showing.Episodes two and three are better than the pilot , character development is progressing and the cheap gimicks are mostly gone . I am debating if I will continue on with the series or send it back -- pretty expensive for something I have to seriously hide from the kids.And if you like a show about an undertaker , try `` William and Mary '' , great characters , romance and beginning and end of life stories .
 Too much sexual activity including homosexual activity . Too much too fast forward voiding the content of tne movie . Will not watch another season .
 Though it is the darling-du-jour show on TV , I ca n't for the life of me get interested in this show . Yes , it 's hip , yes , it has fantasy elements , yes , it breaks taboos with tiresome regularity , yes , it 's all very well made and acted , but I find the characters dull , uninteresting , and totally alien to me - all of them . And really , in this first season there 's nothing that was n't in American Beauty either - except there it was far more concise and fresh -LRB- and even there , the ` message ' of the film was the weakest part of the enterprise once you stop and think about it -RRB- . There are extras on the disc , but they are pretty disappointing . No making of-featurette , just interviews with the actors about their characters . Two commentaries by Alan Ball which say almost nothing about how the series was conceived and developed , but rather just dwelling on how great every single actor is and where every scene was shot . And a short featurette about the credit sequence - not a very interesting choice.So there you have it - a dissenting voice in the wilderness . Oh yes , the packaging is lovely , but very flimsy . The chance of the box breaking apart is quite real if the set is handled a lot !
 so far , still watching the first season . But can tell you that by only watching the first show i would give the season a 2 . the first show of any season should grab your attention , and they do that but they just dont do a very good job at keeping it . In the first show , theres death , closet `` hook ups '' , gay soft core love scenes and just plain drama , wonder what the rest of the shows are going to be like . If you are into the slow paced ironic drama then this show is for you .
 At first promising , this series quickly unwinds because the characters are not particularly interesting . Because of this , the writers choose to insert one bizarre situation or tragedy after another in order to give the characters something new to complain about.Not any of the characters acts like the adults that they are supposed to be , and not one of them is aware of the simple truth that if you 're miserable , being in a lousy relationship is n't going to cure you of being miserable . The Gay Sex Death Hour is neither funny , witty , or poignant , and your money would be better spent elsewhere .
 The Amazon staffer who compared it -LRB- on the DVD page -RRB- to a cross between Twin Peaks and Family was dead on . Because it 's cutesy and content-free on the one hand , sentimental and melodramatic on the other . Most of the actors/actresses look like models and ca n't act , the supposedly `` mysterious '' Brenda is just another cliche , and the insistent soundtrack is a nausea-inducing combination of Rick Marvin Air Pudding and K-Tel hits . This mix might be `` addictive '' for some , but then again so is heroin.Look , I 'm someone who believes that TV CAN be great art . A cross between , say , Barney Miller and , The Outer Limits might be more to my liking . But this bucket of suds ? Forget it .
 This is n't as much a review as much a question . Are they releasing Season 1 again next month but not on BluRay , why ???
 Based on the other reviews , I am in the minority . This series just did n't do anything for me . I never got into the characters or even felt like i could n't wait for the next episode . I do n't know what it was , it was just boring . I never watched past the first season so i do n't know if it got better or what but there is just better shows out there .
 Do n't make the sam mistake I did by purchasing this edition , you 'll be get ripped off.It says that it is a `` widescreen edition '' and the original ratio of the film is actually 1.85 , so until here it looks great . Before I had the 4/3 edition -LRB- 1.33 -RRB- wich sucks , so I was very happy to buy this `` widescreen '' edition ... until I actually got it and sarted to watch it : They just cropped off a 16/9 image from the 4/3 edition wich was already cropped off from the original 1.85 !!!!! I 've never seen anything like that !!! So all the framings are weird and you 're better off with the full screen edition wich you can transform in the widescreen edition the way thay did it anytime you want by putting the `` letterbox '' mode on your remote control . -LRB- I finally stopped the film and finished it with my old edition -RRB- . It 's such a great movie , I ca n't beleive they were just too lazy to take the original frame to make the widescreen edition ; They just thought people would be too stupid to realise they 're missing more than half the image !!!
 This movie was absolutely B-R-U-T-A-L . I can not believe that this came out a year after Scarface . Brian De Palma must have been burnt out or something . Maybe he fell asleep during the editing process and some studio exec hijacked this film , sprinkling it with gratuitous nudity and violence . Either way this movie is a sloppy mess . It has not aged well at all . Anybody involved in this must have to shield their eyes in embarrasement whenever it comes on television.To begin with , the acting is absolutely atrocious . The lead actor , Craig Wasson , -LRB- now staring in Sasquatch Mountain -RRB- a dead ringer for Bill Maher of HBO , makes the wierdest choices . Mostly he just looks confused . Maybe its the script but you think he would show some type of emotion when he comes home to find his wife having random sex with some stranger . If it was me I 'd probably be in jail for assault or worse . Instead he just silently closes the door and leaves , going immediately to a bar where he proceeds to fall off the wagon.This kicks off the film and sets into motion his need for a place to stay . Within a few short scenes he has a new friend named Sam and a convenient new place to live , a bizarre home that looks like a UFO overlooking the Hollywood Hills . The gig comes with one condition , that he be home every evening to water the plants . WTF ? It also gives him a view in a neighbors home , where a bombshell puts on a strip tease every night . Soon Bill Maher becomes a regular peeping tom , who would n't , but notices another man watching as well . This strange character can only be described as a cross between Freddy Kruger and Micky Rourke from Sin City . Bill knows that she might be in danger but ca n't tell her exactly how he knows this , since nobody likes to be thought of as a sexual pervert after all . When he finally does approach this woman , the encounter is beyond unbelievable . I 'll spare you the details but it involves them nearly having sex in a tunnel after he becomes claustrophic chasing Freddy Kruger to recover her wallet . Again , WTF?Mostly things just go downhill from there . At one point he steals her panties out of a garbage can . At another point he tracks down porn queen Melanie Griffith who proceeds to tell him that she 'll do basically do anything for him but have sex with animals . Normally I hate to spoil a movie for anybody but I do need to offer a strong piece of advice . If you are squimish , avert your eyes when Micky Rourke/Freddy Kruger begins to drill the bombshell into the floor of her bedroom . All of this is witnessed by Bill Maher from the floor of her living room as he is being attacked by a rabid dog.Anyway this might be the worst movie I have ever seen . I stongly advise you to skip it .
 As a comedy it would be dramatically bad but as a drama it is laughable . Ridiculous plot , bad acting , the works !
 Now , there 's only one porno star in this movie regaled to a minor part - the `` Melanie Griffiths role '' was originally supposed to go to an Adult Star , but ` box office ' and the rating system dictated otherwise ! The Rating system ??? - The `` drill sequence '' in this movie is still one of the most disturbing and uncesessary ` female abuse ' moments seen on film - now , try to reverse this and do this to a guy ! The letters!It 's more or less a tribute -LSB- ? -RSB- to `` Vertigo '' - this time our hero is claustrophobic , but the same premise - now a struggling actor in Hollywood -LSB- where-else ? -RSB- is conned by `` best friend '' into ` watching the wife ' - oh dear , shoulda headed straight for the door.MELANIE GRIFFITH playing another kind of ` working girl ' - she does have one notable line though -LSB- can not put that in writing - this work just-just borders the dreaded NC-17 or possibly X rating -RSB- and she amply -LSB- and aptly -RSB- assists the hero.The earlier De Palma movies , especially `` Obsession '' are very worth-while , this one - only if you must !
 ... Not only does it derive the entire story from Hitchcock movies , but its also graphically violent and sensationalist where Hitchcock would have used subtlety , the scene where a woman is killed with a POWER DRILL is pobably the best example of DePalma 's second rate abiilities as a director ... Do youself a favor and get one of his better movies like carlito 's way , the untouchables or mission impossible . Or even better buy Vertigo or Rear window , ... ever major scene in the movie has pretty much been derived from an older and better movie .
 A look at the DVD cover conveys a message to the red blooded male that when seeing this movie you will be seeing some skin . If that 's all you 're looking for then you 'll give it a higher rating than I have . I found disappointment as the story had potential but hindered itself by taking avenues from reality to far fetched situations without needing to . There is some suspense , and enough skin to keep it away from the kids , but overall it missed it 's potential .
 I expected more . I was extremely dissatisfied with the content of this movie . The story line was poor and an obvious duplicate of Alfred Hitchcocks ' `` Rear Window '' - with a raunchy twist . I do not advise anyone to waist their money on this product .
 ... I thought when I started to watch this that it was actually a spoof . If De Palma had thrown in some intentional humor , it might have been great . Alas , none of the funny parts were intended to be side spliting . What a disaster ! Very sad for De Palma and Griffith . What was she thinking . Did you folks that gave this five stars , really think it was that good , or are you just perpetuating the joke ? Shame on you !
 This is only the 3rd Brian DePalma movie I 've seen , and now I understand why critics are always panning his early work for ripping off Hitchcock . He does n't even try to hide the fact this is basically a soft core version of Rear Window , with a few splatters of blood here and there . I think this must be one of the worst films I 've ever seen , and the reason why Patrick Bateman went insane -LRB- Bret Easton Ellis fans will know what I mean -RRB- . No doubt the `` twist ending '' is too much to stomach , and the obvious rip of Hitchcock is too much to bare . This is n't just bad , it 's horrible . I mean , c'mon , it 's so bleeding OBVIOUS it 's sad.And the Jake character looked exactly , exactly like Bill Mahr . This lead to a lot of unintentional laughs , as I ca n't tell you how much I hate that guy . During the movie within the movie , the guy was dressed like a geek , sort of bumbling around . One could imagine this is how pencil-d . ck Bill looks when he 's looking for love , or on his way to a PETA meeting.Also , I 'm not really familiar with Melanie Griffith 's work , but I have to say , every time she talked , I kept thinking of Lori Petty in Tank Girl , which is n't so much a bad thing , and nothing she could help , but it still made me laugh . * sigh * What a waste of two hours .
 i ca n't even begin to tell how bad this movie is . it just rolls around in its own excess and asked us to play stupid and just follow along . i sold this one the day after i bought it .
 Well i didnt rate it the best . If you want action the whole way threw the movie , then dont buy it . One action part turn my stomach a bit . I bought this movie for 2.99 Canadian . I knew it would be some type of a flop but hey it 's only 3.00 right . If u like to laugh at cheesy things go ahead watch it . If ur looking for one sex scene go ahead watch it . To me when I watched it , the movie said to me an old cheesy , slightly porno type movie . With the cheesy lines , cheesy plot and cheesy music to me that shouts porno .
 This movie is just horrific ! it made me sick . Brian De Palmajust took `` Vertigo '' and `` Rear window '' and turendit into a porno flick . Nothing can be worst than this cheap `` Vertigo '' imitation ! Do n't waste your money on this stupid film ! Trust me ! END
 This film has very bad haircuts , terrible buildup and the film does n't even take off until about an hour in and by then you do n't care because the music has driven you insane . Basically a guy is given a penthouse type apartment to look after with a telescope . De Palma films most of the movie with this guy looking through it and the music in the background and forty minutes later after waking up you find he is still doing the same thing again.Then suddenly a bad guy appears from nowhere and starts to stalk the people in the apartments across the way ... . and you know you have seen this done better elsewhere ... . thus punch in the words `` REAR WINDOW '' in the search box and do motion picture films justice .
 Brian DePalma 's thriller about a peeper deceived after witnessing a gruesome murder next door . Another predictable flop by a director whose hit-and-miss career steadily rises in the number of atrocious flops he directed such as this horrible film.Although it has somewhat of a prototype screenplay , its script and direction is horribly cheesy in every conceivable way . The only true mystery in this film is determining at what point will your average viewer start either laughing or falling asleep . But , then again , what can somebody expect from Brian DePalma who , out of about 30 films , has directed only 5 truly worth watching -LRB- The Untouchables ; Carrie ; Scarface ; Carlito 's Way ; and Mission Impossible . -RRB- The top-knotch acting in those films had more to do with making them great than DePalma 's mediocre directing skills.Don ' t rent or buy this film unless you 're a true DePalma fan or a lover of bad pulp fiction . Save your time and money by renting the 5 films mentioned previously or just by renting something that 's been handled by a more competent director
 Do n't listen to the other reviewers . This movie is a new low in cinema -- I do n't care that it is violent or exploitative or anything like that -- it is simply dull , badly made , laughably written , and a complete waste of your time . The ONLY nice part is that Melanie Griffith is not yet the puffy drunk plastic surgery victim she now is -- so it is interesting to see for that aspect alone . But wow , this movie is a complete loser .
 Wow , what a clunker!First of all , I could not believe that Leonard Maltin gave this 11/2 stars , should have been a -LSB- flop -RSB- for sure . After watching this bottom of the barrel , B-grade junk , I thought I 'd have a look on Amazon , and see what sort of reviews this thing got from viewers around the world . Just for a laugh.As it got some 5 star opinions , I was moved to actually write my very first Amazon review , ever . Let 's start by saying , I like movies . I have a DVD collection of very slightly under 1,000 titles , and still building . My shelves range from `` Citizen Kane '' to `` Baise Moi '' . Favourite is probably `` Pulp Fiction '' . I have to say `` Body Double '' is the worst movie I have ever seen . It is also the first DVD I 've had to throw out.So what 's wrong with it ? 1 . Acting is below B-grade , below 1970 's Italian exploitation flicks . In particular Craig Wasson is so unremittingly wooden and pathetically bad that he could not hold down a gig on daytime TV .2 . As a supposedly erotic movie , if fails miserably , cringingly and completely in that department . Melanie Griffith looks like she 'd rather be somewhere else , and who can blame her . Try `` Bound '' or `` 91/2 Weeks '' instead . As for Melanie , she was more erotic in `` Milk Money '' .3 . Continuity - non-existent . Editing also very poor .4 . Intent ?? Serious thriller , all out comedy ?? We actually switched this thing off about half way through . Then we said - hang on , these guys could not have been serious , there must be some huge punchline coming , or a complete turnaround a-la `` From Dusk Till Dawn '' ... So we wasted another 50 minutes , and it just got worse .5 . Direction
 This is one of several Brian De Palma films that pay tribute to the Master of Suspense , director Alfred Hitchcock . While De Palma has never come close to equaling his hero , he has done some great imitations of him in movies like `` Dressed to Kill '' and `` Blowout '' . `` Body Double '' , however , is a weak effort by any standard . It has been branded a blatant rip-off of `` Vertigo '' , but I do n't think it 's even that.In the convoluted plot , an actor needs a temporary place to stay , and an acquaintance puts him up in a spectacular Hollywood Hills home . The friend points out that , through a telescope in the house , one can spy on a woman in a house across the way . Said woman puts on quite a striptease show every evening . One night , the actor sees the woman being robbed by a very spooky character . Already obsessed with her , he begins to follow her around town to make sure she is okay . His spy games lead to danger , murder and some rather graphic encounters in the world of porn video making.This is one of those movies that hinge on a totally improbable plot device . Though he uses a whole bag of cinematic tricks which make some of the movie rather interesting to look at , De Palma never manages to fool the audience into going with the flow of the ludicrous story . The movie can be looked at as a spoof of suspense thriller ; however , it does n't succeed very well on that level either.De Palma had directed some fine movies in his time . `` Body Double '' is definitely a low point , in my opinion . Besides the films mentioned above , the good ones include three crime sagas - `` The Untouchables '' , `` Scarface '' , and `` Carlito 's Way '' , as well as the horror classic , `` Carrie '' .
 I 'm a fan of many of De Palma 's films . Sure , he borrows from Hitch , Argento , Antonioni and others , but how many true originals are there out there ? His films are enjoyable entertainment -LRB- Sisters , Blow-Out , Carrie , Scarface and others are great movies , some are classics . -RRB- I had high hopes for Body Double with its good cast . But DAMN , what a mess ! Starts & ends like it 's a silly parody -LRB- even some in the middle with the porn industry stuff -RRB- , but the totally contrived story line seems to take itself seriously , complete with crazy coincidences , totally unlikely scenarios , the silliest spinning musical make-out scene ever -LRB- you were kidding there , right Brian ? -RRB- , a rubber-faced driller-killer worthy of a Z-horror flick and that burial scene at the end -LRB- how did the bad guy get there thru the gate & how unlikely was he to remain hidden there in his lantern light for the time needed to carry out his nefarious deeds -RRB- -- one of the most embarrassing scenes ever . Sorry , despite generating some suspense & some laughs , overall this is one of De Palma 's biggest stinkers .
 Aside from anything else that is good or bad , routine or entertaining about this film , I ca n't be the only one who was completely unable to get past the fact that , in the big murder scene , both the hero and the victim act more stupefyingly idiotic than any characters in the lowest-grade teen slasher ever made .
 Because I KNOW you did n't see any amazing acting , incredible plot twists or X-rated sex scenes in Body Double . This film is watchable if nothing else is on ; I 'll give it that . But `` gripping ? '' `` DePalma 's masterpiece ? '' `` a classic ? '' Only if you took a LOT of drugs before you saw it . It 's typical DePalma ; in other words , a Hitchcock ripoff he manages to make a few notches above putrid .
 The film begins in a graveyard . A dead body opens its eyes and roars . They are filming a horror movie . Something has gone wrong . Jake returns home to find a surprise . After a drink he finds a new home . He auditions for another job ; he meets a new friend who offers him a house-sitting job . Sam says he must water the plants every evening . A telescope shows a neighbor . -LSB- Does this remind you of `` Rear Window '' ? -RSB- Scully notices something and follows that woman in her car , then to a shopping mall . He notices some man following her , but calls attention to himself . -LSB- This film is too slow paced . -RSB- They walk on the beach , that man grabs her purse and runs away . Scully ca n't stand an enclosed space like a tunnel . -LSB- Does this recall `` Vertigo '' ? -RSB- The story ambles on . Jake sees a threat to Gloria and tries to help her . But the dog attacks Jake ! Why does n't it attack the intruder ? Jake is too late to help Gloria . The police detective questions Jake as a witness and suspect . Jake says he does not know the husband Alexander Revell . Later Jake watches a TV show and recognizes a woman by a tattoo on her cheek . He begins to investigate and visits an adult movie studio to learn more about `` Holly Body '' . -LSB- Any relation to a Hitchcock actress ? -RSB- Jake discovers the secret of that performance , then calls the police . There is a development with new drama in a reservoir . A secret identity is revealed . Will this nightmare ever end ? The final scene shows the use of a `` body double '' , then the credits roll at the end . `` Blow Out '' was much better film , perhaps his best . One flaw in this film is the failure of the police to investigate the background of Jake . The biggest flaw was the failure to investigate the alibi of the estranged husband , even if he was in Chicago . This film also suffers from its sleazy tone . All the characters are losers .
 I could figure it as a potential setup from the beginning , that Wasson 's clueless character Jake Scully was about to be exploited badly . The compelling nature of the visuals and the overly strong soundtrack -LRB- overwhelming , like bad strong perfume -RRB- kept me watching , because you knew something was going to happen ... unfortunately it was so transparently stupid , so entirely based on Scully 's cluelessness , that it never really transcends the stupid.Unmotivated action in spades
 Of ripping fans off . And this is yet another example . -LRB- Oh and Duranies , spare me the `` well do n't buy it !! '' rant , it 's old . -RRB- Just like everyone else has said , this is just a repeat ONCE AGAIN of the old DD videos that every fan already has . Sure , the 3 versions of NMOM is cool to have , but not worth the $ 34.95 MSRP . And what is with that ? Erasure is releasing a DVD with 35 videos and another disc of really rare surprises ... and the MSRP for that is $ 19.99 !! If this release was priced a lot lower , I can see the justification of the content.But to charge such a high price , and give us the same old retread , I can not do anything but give this DVD a very low score.Oh , yes , I am a fan that has paid many house payments on top of car payments for this band . 21 years later and 25 concerts later , I am just getting a little fed up of the scheming .
 I totally agree with Erik John Dolnack 's review below.Just got a copy of the DVD myself and I am very disappointed with the way the whole thing was done.Lousy packaging , terrible navigation system and amateurish video quality.DD 's masterpieces deserves much better treatment .
 The Videos are worth 5 stars , as Duran Duran were one of the first acts to really capitalize on this medium . Sadly , they partnered with somebody stupid who felt that making the menus complex , and hiding videos as `` easter eggs , '' would be fun . It 's not . My remote control is not the best , and navigating the menu is cumbersome at best . You would think they would want to present the product they are selling . Yet another example of the music industry doing dumb stuff to decrease sales .
 I 'll echo some of the other reviews on here
 Come on , 2 DVDs and they could n't include all the videos ? What 's up with that ? I 'm sorry , but that 's a slap in the face to the fans . I wo n't be forking over my money for this , thank you very much !
 These DVDs are great - if you 're only a minor fan of DURAN DURAN , but as a major fan of Simon and the boys ; I felt neglected . If you 're looking for lots of great extras - do n't bother . They really did n't need to take up two discs with as little as they give you . The videos on the DVDs ARE their greatest hits , just do n't expect much more -LRB- like their stuff from the 90 's -RRB- so buy the set if you 're a fan - because that 's what we 're stuck with for now .
 YukS !!!!!! Horrible and boring music video , espacially ` ORDINARY WORLD ' does n't suit the location and lyrics it should be inspirational .
 Are you kidding me ! Duran Duran used to be the band that presented their material in a completely lush , artistic manner , quite beyond the pale of typical popular-music acts of their time , and look at this lousy DVD package ! Makes me want to weep.First of all , the package design is just a remake of the VHS box of a few years back . Second , printing varnish as an ink is just stupid , ca n't even read the fine print . And where 's the print-outs and booklets packed with photos of the band ? The inner-sleeves of varied colored bars is just stupid waste of space!Second is the navigation - it 's confusing and irritating and is the lamest easter-egg hunt I 've ever went on ! I never did find the hidden footage and it 's so complicated that I do n't even want to now . It is n't worth the effort . This is hands-down the stupidest DVD interface I have ever seen . I mean having the letter `` T '' as a sub-choice menu
 Here 's why
 I was planning on buying this DVD since I 've been a fan of Duran Duran since 1982 . I 'm very dissapointed with the tracklisting as many videos from their VHS video from years back -LRB- now out of print I believe -RRB- are not included . This is a very disappointing collection given the cost .
 After reading these reviews , I wo n't bother buying this product . It sounds like the lasedisc versions of the videos might actually look better than the DVD .
 This is a very incomplete videography . Some gems are missing
 Ok - I LOVE Duran Duran and have been waiting for this DVD for YEARS . Sadly , this release is unfulfilling . There are too many videos missing that fans are dying to see again , but ca n't get anymore . The brief interviews/featurettes and alternate cuts of select videos are nice , but why hide them all ? Who decided that `` Easter Eggs '' are a good idea ??? It 's just aggravating !!! As for the packaging - it sucks . Duran Duran are music video pioneers who provided MTV and its viewers with innovative , stylish , luxurious locales & visuals - and all they get is a plain white box ??? And do n't be fooled when you see that the package appears to have a lavish , colorful gatefold sleeve on the inside , perhaps stuffed with photos , artwork , & other goodies . There 's NOTHING inside and I do mean NOTHING ! Well , unless you count a track listing w / director & producer credits -LRB- that you ca n't even READ because it 's printed in WHITE letters on a WHITE background -RRB- . And do n't get me started about the inflated price of this dvd - I spent my lunch money for 2 weeks . I have to believe that the band had no hand in putting this DVD together.Maybe SOMEDAY , another DVD will be released that will include all the missing videos , commentary , remastering , etc. that SHOULD have been on this one . The thing is , I 'm tired of waiting . The release of their new reunion album has already been postponed about 6 times . I expect to see it in stores sometime in early 2008 . Followed by the Complete DVD Collection in 2010 ?
 This is a very incomplete videography . Some gems are missing
 Using the `` hidden easter eggs '' to see the remaining videos is gimmicky and useless . If you 're having trouble finding them , simply use the `` Title '' selection feature on your dvd player and enter each number one at a time to cycle through everything -LRB- the first disc has 38 titles -RRB- . The picture quality is shoddy . It is ridiculous not to have included ALL of their videos . Be warned
 FINGERS -LRB- 1977 -RRB- is not a traditional horror movie , as in the genre , but in the reaction that is imparted to the audience , as the actionunfolds over 90 minutes , with Keitel trying to pull himself out ofhis station in life , as a collector of illegal debts that went baddespite showing an innate talent in collections.He tries to make the leap forward to a professional pianist , hopingto perform at the famous Carnegie Hall one day . Unfortunately , thecharacter finds out there 's a lot of hard work , practice in additionto the necessary talent -LRB- something already taken for granted -RRB- andcompetition to beat before attaining that special status.The lesson of this movie , is the danger of embracing the darkness , losing one 's humanity , and vulnerability when violent , horrible deedsare done , that take the yin and the yang out of balance . We seeKeitel 's character weep , as he attends an after hours party , and theowner expects Keitel and several ladies to perform sexually in thepresence of others , without privacy , or doing a menage atrois . Keitel 's role , shies away for various reasons , if not onlyfrom the shame , as do the ladies as well.Here , Keitel reprises his role , of someone who puts on his `` divingsuit '' and goes into the depths of estrangement , cruelty , dispairviolence , as a result of employing extreme `` business tactics `` expected to in certain mob circles to avoid beingridiculed , exploited , or run out of business , involving collectiondebts of gambling , business loans , protection fees , etcThe merit of this picture , is the simplicity of the dialog , and oftenthe superb cinematographic quality of the wide-screen picture , bursting with color , sharpness , vividness , showing an extremely `` live '' feeling to the action , even 30 years later , amazingly . Theaging of the movie , is not perceived so easily , except for the datedautomobiles , and lack of cleanliness of the streets.There are , of course , the token `` eye candy '' young ladies , played byTisa Farrow , and Tanya Roberts , shown at a swimming pool , relaxing , giving Keitel an opportunity to change gears.The protagonist , focused on his aspiring career as a pianist , isestranged partly for that reason , and acts bizarrely , by carrying aportable mini-cassette player with him to greasy spoons , publicparks , and more to listen to FM Radio and his own 50 's and 60 's hitsongs . We see Keitel tell an officer `` You should n't be wasting yourtime with this law enforcement nonsense ! `` The sterotypical image of mobsters , justifiable or not , of people whouse hard language is amply demonstrated in this picture , which hasKeitel using dozens of phrases , words , straight from the gutter , oreven , simplistic , neanderthal ways of conveying human needs , desires.This tough language is used between people , friends or foe , and willshock people , from its graphic nature . The audience , will eithercringe , or mock it or both . Perhaps the ultimate cruelty , is Keitelrefusing to take out a debtor who is not cooperating , and being toldby his father '' I should have strangled you in your crib ! `` There is a complicated , challenging , difficult scene at the end , involving ball squeezing , eyesocket punching , and similar , showingbelow the belt tactics , further underlining the underground aspect ofthis picture.Overall , this picture is professional , extraordinarily lush , colorfulfilm with sharp images great for theatres , to scare the audience , ina nightmare lasting 90 mins , when a man 's morality is at stake , thesoul is up for grabs .
 This is a movie that seems abstract though it is n't . It follows the main character who is a talented pianist and also has a lot of connection to the crime world . He also has a prostitute love interest.It does n't do much to examine the relationships between these 3 aspects of his life . It pretty much shows him being a bumbling loser in all 3 of the aspects pretty much separately.I did n't feel much direction to his motivations or point of the story . To me , it felt as watching uninteresting random moments in this guys life and just never finding a reason why or why to care.The dvd does has a commentary track with the writer/director and you do get to see the psychology of what he is trying to portray.But since psychology is not in anyway a science but a collection of opinion posing as science , analyzation of the meaning of this type of film is impossible without the commentary and therefore will seem random to most people . And for those who will apply meaning , will likely differ greatly as originally intended.As such it is similar to Taxi Driver . However Taxi Driver was much broader and more general that more people would attach significance to it . Fingers is far more narrow and detailed as the directors very intricate explanations in the commentary demonstrate . Thus , a smaller audience will identify with it.Personally , the actions of this character did not connect with any personal motivations and just seemed random .
 carefully hidden and slickly produced film from the Veterinary Medical Association -LRB- the same ones that promote vaccinations -RRB- and a foundation front for the commercial cat food industry ... named at the end of the vid , but not named on the cover for this vhs tape . Ann Childers probably means well , but experience and research has taught me to keep my cats far from vaccinations and commercial cat food , especially the dry bags that they promote with glee .
 The best this film has to offer are some very delicious females showing off their gorgeous birthday suits in various sexual encounters . In fact , if it had n't been for the lead actress , Charlene Smith , and her fantastic smile , I would have relegated this DVD for use as a coaster halfway through the movie . This film is cheap on every level . There are even moments where stock-footage is spliced in with the main film . The bulk of the story takes place in flashback on a hospital ship , but the stock film shows three different vessels in which the characters are supposed to be aboard while their interior surroundings never change ? There are even some love scenes interwoven with stock war footage of soldiers getting killed in action . Talk about a mood-killer ! But the one scene which sums up how bad this film really is happens at the very end of the movie . The two main characters are beginning to make love and kissing passionately when the man 's fake mustache comes loose and dangles from his upper lip as the film fades to black . It was almost funny ... almost . If you are looking for some solid soft-core films try `` The Key to Sex -LRB- unrated -RRB- '' which is Oscar-worthy compared to `` Ocean of Dreams , '' or `` Night Calls
 Interesting plot , I thought as I watched the trailer . Found it predictable and boring , most of the time . Could have been much better .
 Oh , wow , I could not wait for this movie to end . Ugh . The storyline is confusing , poorly written , seemingly unmotivated , and , even if you wanted to forgive it , unfairly depressing , even in the supposedly happy ending.HATED IT.I 'm so mad , because the reviews overall were pretty good , but no , this is a train-wreck . A depressing and boring and confusing train-wreck .
 Though the reviewers here seem to have a basically high opinion of the film , I found myself bothered by a lot of things . Mainly the male POV prevalent throughout that two female characters , presumably both intelligent and attractive , would bother wasting themselves on someone who does n't deserve their time of day
 The premise behind Sliding Doors is an intriguing one . What determines your future
 Did anyone seriously not see the end of the movie from the beginning ? Super predictible . Paltrow seems to rarely impress . I generally am not - watching films in the romantic comedy genre - however I recognize when a movie is romantic or comedic . This film was neither .
 I know Paltrow 's English accent is revered by practically everyone but , as an English person myself , I ca n't completly agree . In `` Emma '' and `` Shakespeare in Love '' they were good but then they were the accents of upper-class aristocrats of yesteryear . Put in a modern , middle-class scenario and it just comes across as an accent which is mixed , undistinctive and just plain odd.However , accent apart I liked Paltrow in this flick which I must say certainly has an interesting storyline and is executed in a clever way , avoiding the confusion a storyline like this could have caused.But it is patchy . It does n't seem to move along at a very even pace and there were points in this film when I was just plain bored . In order to make this film a success you need more than just a curious storyline ; the whole film must be pumped with energy and quirks which , quite frankly , this does n't have.But the best character in the whole film is Jeanne Thrippleton as the bitchy mistress of Paltrow 's character 's cheating boyfriend . She 's terrific .
 The character were shallow and uninteresting . I found the premise of the movie not worth the effort to keep the side by side story lines in focus .
 I suffered through this film , and was reasonably glad I did , because the only part I liked was the ending . I did n't think there was ANY chemistry between Paltrow and the two male leads . It was almost worth watching to see Paltrow herself - wonderful as always -LRB- though playing a largely passive character , and character development was sadly lacking -RRB- . But although the writer had an original idea with the premise , and TRIED to craft witty , clever repartee / dialogue to match , every creak / contrivance showed and I did n't think there was a real spark , laugh , or moment of authenticity or heart to be found -LRB- as in Notting Hill or Bridget Jones , for example -RRB- . It was n't for the lack of the actors giving it their all , they tried valiantly to breathe life into the material . Throughout I just kept thinking how dreary it was.The original premise was interesting , and I liked the twist at the end ... there was a certain surprise and symmetry to it -LRB- though it could 've been delivered with much greater oomph -RRB- . But for me I 'm not sure it was ample payoff for having to sit through everything in between .
 The premise here is sound , even if it 's been done before . Yes , two seemingly innocuous events can lead your life in totally different directions -- it 's not like film designed this trope , it 's been a philosophical topic since practically the beginning of time . The magnitude of something seemingly small such as missing a train can change one 's entire life . The premise is right there without ambiguity . The execution , unfortunately , makes it little more than a chick flick with unlikable , shallow characters , none of which any half-human person can sympathize with.There are some major problems here that deserve mention . First , it takes its initial scenario way too far . Missing the train alone would be enough , but the filmmakers throw in an attempted mugging and a cheating love interest , meeting a new love interest , along with being fired , all in the same day . Really , they just overdo it , for reasons I do n't quite understand , because it 's not like anyone 's missing the point of the film in the first ten minutes . It 's like it wants to drive its own message home with poignancy , but in doing so , turns it into a highly unlikely fictional story that just does n't often happen in real life . Missing a train might make you fail to meet a love interest ... OR catch your lover cheating on you ... OR ending up in any number of scenarios . But all of these at once ? It 's just irritating , and makes the whole thing seem trite . The aura reeks of chick flick status , with an ultra-sappy and saccharine atmosphere that never lets up for a second . It 's even sappy by chick flick standards , now that I think on it.If you actually find its artificial meaning poignant , then you 've been missing out on what philosophers have been talking about for millennia , or somehow have n't figured it out on your own yet that this kind of thing happens . Yeah , it assumes that life is n't deterministic -LRB- in other words , that there is only * one possible path * that could happen -RRB- , and it does n't follow a lot of rules of reality that are all hypothetical and largely meaningless and inapplicable to real life . What are you supposed to think by the end ? `` Man , if only I 'd have had french toast instead of a bagel the day my brother had a car accident , it might not have happened . '' Well , sure , in reality , that 's not exactly untrue , because it can affect just a few seconds that would cause a split-second event not to happen ; no collision , since your brother would be a few seconds later with the french toast . We get it . If you want to repeat this message , this film does a poor job of it , with a saccharine atmosphere and seriously lacking acting jobs , as well as some very serious breaks with reality and extremely unlikely scenarios , even for films with premises like these.It 's just not possible to like this film unless you can get over its shallow characters , saccharine atmosphere , sappy writing , less-than-convincing acting , and basically just utter nonsense to follow a premise that could work if done right , which this film fails miserably at . It just does n't add up , and in this film , the events adding up is the entire point . It takes a basic philosophical concept and manages to critically muck it up into less than what it originally was -- not a good thing for the concept.My father actually got this film for free from one of his colleagues that liked it , and because I had heard of it and thought the premise was interesting , I decided to throw it in and watch it once . To say the least , I was horridly disappointed with how the premise was pulled off . The writing is awful , the directing is insensible , and no one seems to be trying too hard to make this into the meaningful film someone might have wanted it to be at one point in time . Somewhere along the line -LRB- literally -RRB- , something went terribly wrong , and this film goes into shallow chick flick territory , really fast . Within minutes , you realize this film has no intention of showing you anything beyond its initial ten-minute message that it plays with . After that , it amounts to a romantic wit-fest that does n't even measure up to Gilmore Girls standards . It all quickly falls apart , and continues to fall apart with every `` twist '' that seem to make less and less sense as they happen , and each scenario as a result of those doors is just too unlikely , even by the standards of the philosophy itself in the real world , to happen as they do here . The result is disastrous , and self-destructs within minutes of the opening credits , before the ashes blow away as the film unfolds into utter nonsense.Don ' t bother if you do n't like chick flicks . You wo n't find anything else worthwhile here . If you want to explore the philosophy behind it which is only vaguely touched upon here , look up determinism on Wikipedia , along with all the related philosophies involved . Because the message is n't a new thing , you 'd at least expect the film to do it justice . It does n't , and instead opts to settle for being insultingly shallow and stupid on the level of a sitcom with a poorly-written romance subplot that goes nowhere . If you have the choice behind watching this film or not watching it , let the case remain shut . It 's more likely to change your life for the better in the time you 're not wasting watching it .
 Gwyneth Paltrow has got to be the most over-rated actress of all time . This is not an exaggeration . Why do people say her English accent is so good ? I thought it was so embarassingly phoney , I could barely stand watching her . She also acted like she was high or stoned throughout the whole movie . Also , all those close-ups showed what ugly skin and plain facial features she really has . Nobody else in this movie was good enough to offset her horrendous acting and appearance . Overall , this film is a waste of time .
 Good grief . No offense meant to any parties involved in this movie but quite honestly I could not stand it . My best friend watched it while in labor with her first baby , and thus the only reason I gave this movie the measly one star is because it helped her get her mind off of the pain . Otherwise I would say do not even bother with it.It sickens me that people must see other people 's messed up lives in order to call it a romance . The story is miserable -LRB- i.e. the circumstances in which we supposedly must have to see the parallel lives -RRB- , I have seen better acting done by second graders , and overall the whole plot is miserable . God forbid we should have something happy in a romance movie . After all , what would a romance be without lies , unfaithfulness and pain ? If that is your idea of a great romance , then go for it and waste your money . Otherwise if you must see it , rent it and save some money for a better movie .
 It was sick , depressing , annoying , and not to mention rotten ! so that 's what I have to say on the subject !
 Unfortunately , Amazon does n't let you give something 0 stars . Thats the only reason this is getting 1 star.What were you thinking , Gwyneth ? And John Hannah - How embarassing for you .
 I rented this movie as per a friend 's suggestion . Now , I give a suggestion to the rest of the world - rent something else . From the start of the movie , Gwneyth Paltrow 's phoney English accent made me cringe . Her live in lover is played by such a stereotypical clod and the story unfolds in a very telling matter from the word go . The actor which portrays Gwneyth 's new love was great in Four Weddings and A Funeral and his accent and character in this movie was wonderful as well . As for the rest - all I can say is blech !
 I found this film to be extremely boring . Watch `` Run Lola Run '' instead , which explores the same idea of what would have happened had something happened in differently in the first place , presenting it in a somewhat more dynamic -LRB- although , very imperfect too -RRB- way .
 I thought this sorry plot was horrible and I would never watch it ever again . Even gweneth Paltrow acting and accent was horrible I could n't stand to watch this horrible acting .
 The movie intertwines alternate realities in a dizzying sequence that became annoying and difficult to follow.We did not watch the entire movie .
 This film simply moves too slow for me to sit through it . I simply would n't recommend it to a friend
 I did n't like this movie . It was a waste of time . I thought it was stupid and ridiculous not to mention confusing . Hard to keep the all the lives straight , who was with who , etc. .
 Paltrow is such a good actress , but even her brilliance could n't save this film . Good story but bad script and poorly cast leading man with whom Paltrow had no chemistry . If you ca n't buy their relationship , the whole movie falls apart .
 Do NOT waste your time ! Boring dull long slow , lame dumb plot.Really sucked and was stupid , bad Brittish accent on Paltrow also !
 I did n't even finish this movie it was painfully boring . Her British accent is n't very convincing and the plot is terrible .
 The writers had a neat enough idea for the movie 's premise
 Change the lead actors and supporting actresses and this may have worked . But really -- every aspect of the movie is mediocre which combines for a negative synergy that I could n't stand and I could not continue watching through the last half hour .
 What was this movie about?confusing and switches back and forth with events of the movie happining . Really - really confusing . I donated 2.99 to tell everyone to leave on the shelf
 This would have gotten 3 stars from me if it were n't for the miserably cheesy ending ... and maybe even 4 if you cut down the length . It may deserve more than 2 stars when compared to the usual Hollywood claptrap , but nothing convinced me this was a story worth telling ... or viewing .
 ... but I did n't really get that much out of it . In fact , the first time I saw this movie I fell asleep half way through . I just did n't see what the big deal was , but according to other viewer reviews , maybe I should give it another try .
 I liked this movie very much until it got to the end . The ending was too dramatic for a light romantic comedy . The acting was fine , and the characters were somewhat believable . I liked 99 % of the movie , but the last 1 % made it unsatisfying . Do n't rent this if you think its just a fun , joyful , romantic flick .
 An original story idea that was watered down by a lackluster script , bland acting and unlikable characters . Not even Hollywood 's golden girl paired with a snappy new hairdo and a bottle of peroxide could add the necessary zest.With the exception of Helen and her female friend , all of the characters were repulsive and had no redeeming qualities . The film portrays John Hannah 's character as ` Mr. Right , ' even though he 's deceived Helen all along by failing to mention a certain something about himself -LRB- I wo n't spoil the ending -RRB- . Even his explanation does n't get him off the hook , because he still lied and deceived her.Also , I could understand the use for Paltrow 's accent in Shakespeare In Love and Emma , but was it really necessary in this movie ?
 and then spent the whole movie telling me she hated it , then demanded that I give it only one star.Movie was described as a &#34; comedy-drama &#34; - definitely more drama than comedy .
 I appreciate the attempt to contrast two ways of relating , the egotistical , `` see what you can get away with '' version of sex addiction , and one that is more genuine . I just found it annoying . Like the Monty Python guys say , `` It 's just a flesh wound ! ''
 Two senarios going on at the same time . Shallow and not that great . Sorry I bought the movie .
 A look at two scenarios for Helen 's -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- life
 Sliding Doors is one of the most truly pointless movies I have ever seen . It stars the surprisingly bad actress Gwyneth Paltrow , who has just about messed up every movie that she has been in . But this movie is so bad I do n't think Gwyneth can take all the credit herself , the writer and the director must take their fair share , for this really bad movie . The only good thing that I can say about it is that Paltrow 's accent is really quite good , to bad you ca n't say the same for her acting .
 This has a good cast , the direction is okay , and it obviously had a decent budget too . Even the concept is interesting . However , the script is quite possibly the worst I have ever heard and it renders the movie virtually unwatchable . The characters are totally unbelievable , and quite frankly , irritating . I could not understand why she would want to be with either of those twats . So , without a hint of hyberbole , this is easily the worst film I have seen since Xanadu . I absolutely hated it .
 This review is really for Amazon and it 's supplier but the supplier of this DVD has forgotten to pack MAIN FEATURE . Yes , that means I 've received bonus DVD only and what Amazon offer is refund . Ordering from outside US cost considerably more and I do feel cheated , yet there is nothing I can do about this but place order again and pay for shipping again , for no fault of my own . I am very disappointed to say the least . Please note , I did n't want to give any star for this but I had no choice but to give one star .
 A very poor sequel to the original `` Tales of the City '' Poor production values , poor directing , and just a generally cheap imitation of the world of Barbary Lane . Many of the ororiginal characters have been recast , and are n't nearly up to par as the original players . Briam , Michael Mouse , and Mona have all been recast . Thank heavens Laura Linney and Olympia Dukakis repeat their roles as MaryAnne Singleton and Mrs. Madrigal , which saves the movie from total obscurity .
 Four starts for the content . Zero stars for the DVD mastering.Perhaps it 's because they tried to stuff more than three hours worth of material onto 1 DVD , but like others , I too was unable to play this all the way through on my DVD player . The problems start right about at the start of episode 4 , and just keep getting worse . But perhaps it 's just bad mastering , because I had the same problem with the second , extras , DVD , which is n't nearly so full . It 's a shame such a wonderful series is marred by a badly mastered disc .
 I loved the books , loved the first two miniseries . But I have so far ordered two copies of this version and both would not play . As Further is my very favorite of the books , I ca n't begin to express my disappointment . Why would Showtime release a product that ca n't be viewed ? And why , seeing all these complaints , has n't Amazon stopped selling them ? Two words
 I love Tales of the City and I wish they would reissue a DVD set that actually works . I can not even watch it to the end . Like others , the DVD starts to constantly freeze and I have a very good DVD player . I think customers should be aware that this set is flawed and they will not get what they paid for
 Boring ! I purchased this DVD , anticipating it to be in the same vain as Dieux Du Stade 's video work . Rugby , calendar , behind the scene 's DVD ... It 's all there , right ? Wrong . This DVD appears to more of an ego boost for the photographer than it is a behind the scenes peek at the making of the Rugby Guys calendar . 1 -RRB- He is in the DVD talking more than any of the guys are -LRB- you are a photographer - stay behind the camera -RRB- 2 -RRB- Out of all the guys who appeared in the calendar , he only focuses on three of them thus affording him more time in front of the camera -LRB- give everyone a shot -RRB- 3 -RRB- It just lacks interest.The money from the sale of this DVD is to raise funds for the Gay Games . It 's a great cause but , if I had known , I would have donated the money directly rather than purchased this DVD . On the upside , are the guys rugged and good looking ? Yes . However , the DVD is actually one long commentary , rather than the Dieux du Stade like visuals I was anticipating . -LRB- I know , I know , it 's wrong to assume and this time I am the a. . -RRB-
 The best this film has to offer are some very delicious females showing off their gorgeous birthday suits in various sexual encounters . In fact , if it had n't been for the lead actress , Charlene Smith , and her fantastic smile , I would have relegated this DVD for use as a coaster halfway through the movie . This film is cheap on every level . There are even moments where stock-footage is spliced in with the main film . The bulk of the story takes place in flashback on a hospital ship , but the stock film shows three different vessels in which the characters are supposed to be aboard while their interior surroundings never change ? There are even some love scenes interwoven with stock war footage of soldiers getting killed in action . Talk about a mood-killer ! But the one scene which sums up how bad this film really is happens at the very end of the movie . The two main characters are beginning to make love and kissing passionately when the man 's fake mustache comes loose and dangles from his upper lip as the film fades to black . It was almost funny ... almost . If you are looking for some solid soft-core films try `` The Key to Sex -LRB- unrated -RRB- '' which is Oscar-worthy compared to `` Ocean of Dreams , '' or `` Night Calls
 No , I did n't see it . NO ... I would n't see it.I 'm from the South Bronx and have seen the females at Hunts Point and in Manhattan . Why are these women so glamorized in the media ; they do n't look glamorous at all ! I wonder why men patronize such unattractive women at all ... there 's lot of `` free love '' from better looking females .
 This movie certainly has great actors in it , and they did a good performance , but I did n't really care for the story . I would not recommend this movie too highly . I would be interested to read the story it came from.Agnes of God
 Did this movie have a point ? I really do n't think it did . Its unbriphilous director , Norman Jewison , seemed to try his best to make something of what he had to work with , but even a talent-oozing cast and a picturesque setting could n't do much to deliver on what had sounded to me like an intriguing tale . Oh , well , maybe other people saw the emperor 's clothes but I just saw his doodle .
 Jane Fonda , whom I respect highly as an actress , can not save this dud . Neither the score nor the cinematography is memorable . Many scenes revolve around the fact that Dr. Livingstone is a smoker , which is a very flimsy hook upon which to hang a film . This film did not hold my interest -- at several points I was consciously bored and had to exert will-power to finish watching it . Moreover , the views of psychiatric practice and hypnosis are wholly unrealistic . It seems this film could not decide what to be , and certainly lacked the courage to demythologize its subject .
 This DVD listed is not legal . It is made by a company putting MEPG files on a dvd . It was listed on EBay and all auctions with people bidding or who had won were cancelled .
 This set is way to good to be true . I bought this collection and two others thinking , jokingly , that they were bootlegs . But they were advertised in the paper of a major store -LRB- which shall go nameless -RRB- and I figured I was just being paranoid . But then on closer inspection , I actually sampled some of the videos.In the case of the Aaliyah set , you think maybe it 's a really good collection , it just happens to be on a no-name company -LRB- and , in fact , there is literally no company name on the DVD -RRB- . It includes nearly all her hits . The only ones missing are `` Resoultion '' , `` Hot Like Fire '' -LRB- which are both sorely missed -RRB- and her shockingly bland interpertation of `` Got To Give It Up '' -LRB- with a worse video -RRB- . But what 's included is impressive . So I watched `` More Than A Woman '' and it looked very good . Then I tried `` Are You That Somebody '' , argueably her most memorable and biggest hit . The video was darker than the original but it was still good until about half way through where it cuts off to a blue screen that say `` Goodbye Aaliyah '' ... this is not acceptable ! For this reason alone , this video should be left on the shelf . I have not looked at further videos but I would n't be surprised if they also cut off too soon.That being said , the addition of lost videos like `` Journey Through the Past '' might be worth it , even if the video is low quality . Someone mentioned this DVD as if it were only targeted at Aaliyah ... not true ! The `` The Best Music Videos On DVD '' collections are out on various artists , including the much alive Eminem and Janet . The only thing is , I would say that unargably , Aaliyah 's looks the most complete -LRB- but looks are ver decieving -RRB- . I 'm not sure at all how these work but they look very questionable legally . Even if they are sold at major stores and through here , buyer beware .
 This is not a tribute to Aaliyah . It 's a failure at making a DVD . It 's a pathetic attempt . And Aaliyah 's memory does not deserve this . Save your money.Record her videos from VH1 . You 'd be better off .
 I was very disappointed with this dvd , I thought that I was paying for a dvd with all of her videos on it , it is also very poor quality , some of the videos that i was hoping to see was not there such as hot like fire , more than a woman we need a resolution.Also the video does n't excalty play all the way to the end of the video it cuts of and goes into another video.Why wo n't somebody make a dvd that 's in a better quality and has all the video 's on it ?
 There is no question in my mind that this has to be the worst movie ever made . I do n't think I have ever seen a more blatant collection of abhorrent acting in my entire life . It starts with an overly-emphatic Ice-T warning viewers of impending violence and vulgarity , but he neglects to mention the utter stupidity that plagues the entire movie.Despite my negative review , I would actually recommend seeing this movie as an incredible insight into the pseudo-gangsta lifestyles that Americans continue to support economically . Be sure to pay close attention to the dialog of `` Big Pun '' and `` Fat Joe . '' You will know who they are , the names are quite acurrate . Not only are they completely inarticulate , but even trying to deduce what actual words are being spoken is virtually impossible .
 To call this garbage is to insult garbage . What the @ # $ % is Ice-T thinking , producing junk like this ?!?! There is literally not one redeeming feature to this `` film '' , save the music -LRB- which IS slammin ' ! -RRB- . Albert Pyun cements his rep as the world 's worst filmmaker , with his ridiculous filters and those long -LRB- !!!!! -RRB- stretches where people ... DO NOTHING AT ALL ! Ice , I 'm your biggest fan dude , but manure like this will destroy your film career faster than you can say `` OG '' . I give this film an `` F '' . Cube 's doin ' `` Three Kings '' -LRB- one of the best of the year -RRB- and you 're in this ?!!! Think about it T. Your music is unparalleled ; get the films on point . Peace .
 First of all , I do n't wan na diss Ice T nor Snoop Dogg . But I feel that I must warn everybody about this ridiculous movie . Not only the movie is ridiculous but the price too ! The fight scenes are very fake -LRB- you can see that they do n't even touch each other ever -RRB- . The shooing scenes are even worse . No special effects were used what so ever . Snoop Dogg & Ice T both got better movies out there , so just stay away from this one ! PEACE !!!
 Looking at the cover and reading about rhe movie made me think
 this movie is absolutely ridiculous , you have to be kidding me this is pathetic
 You 'd think with all of Albert Pyun 's years in the film business , he 'd improve to some degree . He 's always been a hack , but sometimes he 'd come out with something enjoyable . The Sword and the Sorcerer and Cyborg were n't great films , but fun . Since the mid nineties , Pyun 's been cranking out movies like there 's no tomorrow ... And they 're all friggin ' horrible ! Dreadful ! Awful ! Rotten ! Crazy Six ? Corrupt ? Adrenaline ? Wrecking Crew ? Pyun has managed to make the worst direct-to-video movies sitting on the video store shelves . Like a bad case of syphillis , it looks like Pyun is n't gon na just go away . Who greenlights these films ? His name should send up tons of red flags and have producers and distributors booking the next flight to Puerto Rico . Well , Urban Menace may just be the worst of the bunch . Never before has a 75 minute film felt like friggin ' Ben-Hur . 75 minutes seems long if someone 's sawing through your leg with a hack-saw for that amount of time , and Urban Menace is right on par with that ... maybe a bit longer even -LRB- it does n't help that you 'll pause it every few minutes to get up and do something more exciting or useful like picking up the living room or taking out the garbage -RRB- . Basically the whole film is shot in a warehouse with a camcorder and some rappers . Ice-T is the floating headed narrator -LRB- a movie this plotless and juvenile needs no narrator -RRB- who warns the viewer not to watch the film if they 're offended by Shootings , stabbings , explosions , bodies on fire , and other assorted mischief . I doubt they could afford a campfire with this film 's budget , let alone a body on fire . The film is sprinkled with snappy dialogue and witticisms that put Kevin Smith to shame ; Lines like , `` Go smoke a blunt , that 's all you 're good for '' . That quip was brilliantly delivered with panache by Big Pun . And how the hell did Pyun get these rappers into this film ? Pyun must have had some photos of Snoop Dogg naked with an aardvark , coz there 's no way Snoop could have agreed to do this on his own free will . As for Ice-T , I do n't think the man has ever turned down a single script sent to him . And Big Pun does n't seem bright enough to realize that he was actually making a film . I simply can not recommend this film to anyone , not rap fans , action fans , or even bad movie fans like myself . I guess even I have standards when it comes to bad films .
 This movie was painful to sit through . I just knew that it had to get better , but it never did ! Please do n't waste your time seeing this one .
 I have just viewed this movie and it is the biggest waste of film ever . I wish I would have come to this web site and read all the negative customer comments first so I would have known not to rent it.The actors were horrible , the action was phony as phony can get . There was a scene in which Snoop had a gun in each hand shooting at his enemies . He must have fired at least 20 shots from each gun and I do n't know of any pistols that hold 20 bullets.They used too many cuss words , too . I am not the type of person who does n't like movies with swearing but it gets VERY irritating when every other word -LRB- literally -RRB- that comes out of the actors ' mouths are cuss words.The props were bad too . No blood . Snoop was killing people with knives and guns and I do n't remember seeing any blood anywhere . It might be because it was so boring that I was n't paying attention.Also , I would like to know how anyone could kill off all those people by himself . It ca n't happen . At first he was using stealth . That was a little more realistic because the bad guys could n't see him . But when he was standing out in the open shooting , I think some of the hundreds of bullet flying in his direction would have hit him.DO NOT BUY OR RENT THIS MOVIE !!!!!!!!!
 Albert Pyun is a strange director . Some of his movies are very enjoyable while others are just incompetent in every way . `` Urban Menace '' falls into the latter category . The story is incoherent , something about a bunch of guys running around killing eachother for some reason we 're never really told . Snoop Dogg was apparently some sort of priest of the church that burned down in the beginning of the movie . Anyway , I did n't care about any of the characters and was completely uninterested in the so called `` story '' . The picture quality is extremely bad.Watch this movie only if you want to see some of the most incompetent filmmaking available on DVD .
 i wouldnt reccomend this film unless you are the `` actors '' that starred in this `` film '' or someone who likes anything they do . however i would recomend watching it if you feel suicidal , it 'll make your mind up one way or the other
 Because I know anything staring Snoop Dog must be garbage but i went out and got this anyway !! What on Earth !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I think I might have been able to watch this if Snoop was n't in it , but everytime I saw him the screen I just got angrier and angrier . This man is the worst actor on earth and yet he still keeps winding up in movies ! Why ? To me it 's like watching Snoop Dogg be himself but just being called by another name.Don ' t spend your money on this , the movie is horrible , the acting is horrible , the story is ... is ... is ... mindless at best . Just an all around terrible movie . If you feel like having stomache cramps for an hour than yea go ahead and see it , otherwise stay away .
 bad movie terrible visual effects low budget filming just horrible i hate i even purchased it
 If there is an award for worst movie of all time , this has to be the winner . I can , t even continue ...
 I got so much love for Snoop , Ice T , Pun and Joe , but this film is the worst . Seriously , I rented it and fell asleep trying to watch it . I watched it a second time to give it a chance . The story is weak , a reincarnated ghost of a good guy in the hood appears on the scene to take out all the gangsters involved in the burning of a church that had children in it -LRB- Pinch Me -RRB- . The script is shook . No gore , just murder scenes that look like this film was pulled off by a highschool drama club with no props . You know how you rent a movie knowing someone wrote a bad review about it and you get it anyway , that was me -LRB- Dont make my mistake -RRB- . Support Ice , Snoop , Joe and Pun but not with this one . At least Joe and Pun/Mack 10 have THICKER THAN WATER coming out soon .
 This movie was done in one day because , it look like the actor just made up their own dialogue . Do n't waste your money or time people .
 The movie sucked . Snoop , your a bad ass but yo , I do n't know what you were thinking when you did this movie .
 They ca n't be serious . This is the most boring movie I 've ever seen in my life.It 's pitiful.It stinks .
 One insightful reviewer wrote Snoop Dogg was forced into being in this travesty because someone had a picture of him and an aardvark doing what only should be done with one 's spouse . That reviewer may well be on point . Either that or Snoop Dogg was seduced with that funny plant sometimes called Mary Jane . Also , what is up with the lighting for this story ? The movie appears to have been recorded on film made in 1917 . Bright lights obscure faces , and color is as rarely seen as is any semblance of acting . Maybe an out-dated film stock was deliberately purchased to save money . I wish everyone involved in this abysmal attempt at movie making had saved their time and effort . It would have saved me from regurgitating my dinner while being visually assaulted by it .
 MUCH OF THE CAST AND THE CREW FROM '' CORRUPT '' HAVE REUNITED TO MAKE THIS TERRIBLE ACTION/HORROR MOVIE . A PREACHER -LSB- SNOOP DOGG -RSB- SEEKS VENGEANCE AGAINST A CRIME SYNDICATE THAT BURNED DOWN HIS CHURCH AND KILLED HIS FAMILY . LIKE '' CORRUPT '' , IT 'S REALLY SHORT , IT 'S CHEAPLY MADE , IT 'S FILLED WITH ICE-T SONGS , AND IT 'S UNDENIABLY BORING . I ONLY WATCHED THIS BS JUST TO SEE THE LATE GREAT BIG PUN . EVEN THOUGH THIS MOVIE WAS JUST A LITTLE BIT BETTER THAN '' CORRUPT '' , IT 'S STILL A HORRIBLE MOVIE . THE MURDER SEQUENCES ARE VERY CORNY AND VERY UNREALISTIC . THE SPECIAL EFFECTS ARE OK , BUT THE MOVIE IS VERY VERY WACK . SNOOP DOGG DID THIS KINDA ROLE MUCH MUCH BETTER IN '' BONES '' .
 This must be the most god awful movie on the PLANET ! If I was alowed to give this film ZERO stars I would , but Amazon wo n't let me!This film is so bad , I can hardly believe this would be sold by anyone anywhere ! Do n't waste your time or your money ! HORRID .
 THIS IS THE MOST WACKEST MOVIE I EVER SAW . . IF YOU SEE THIS MOVIE IT ` S BECAUSE YOUR INTO WACK MOVIES . . THE CAMERA SHOTS WHERE THE WORST ... OHHH I CAN EVEN GO ON ...
 I received Urban Menace as a gift from a friend who knew I was a fan of Snoop Dogg . Well , not even the D-O double G 's appearance in the film could make it worth watching . Bad acting , terrible camera work , and a nonexistent plot all contribute to the overall worthlessness of the film . Some parts of the film are funny because they are so poorly done -- example
 Albert Pyun , Please do n't direct another movie.My 8 year old nephew could have done better with a camcorder .
 Having watched this movie four times and being TIG fan , I still feel that the movie was unconvincing , poorly written , very raw in too many episodes . However , if you like handsome men kicking butt - this film is for you . Thomas Ian Griffith is an attractive wild cop with moral standards . He plays the piano relatively well and is faithful to his girlfriend . What else would a girl want to see in a movie ?
 Thomas Griffin acts as a kind of Van Damme in this film , it 's like a low-budget version of Hard target except not nearly as good -LRB- because no Van-Damme or John Woo -RRB- . I am a fan of martial arts pictures and like most american karate films this one is poorly choreographed . Ok Griffin has cool moves ... . The only reason that I wanted to watch this was of Lance Henrikson as he is such a great villian -LRB- see Hard target -RRB- . Overall an average film with about 5 kickiboxing scenes along the way .
 Poor directing , terrible acting , dismal filming -LRB- hand-held camera resulting in jittery scenes -RRB- unconvincing characters and a disguised political agenda make this the worst Cuban film I 've had the agony of sitting through . Jorge Perugorr&iacute;a was great in `` Strawberry and Chocolate '' but his performance is dismal in this film . His character is simply not believable as a Cuban American returning to his country of birth as a man looking for his mother after being `` abducted '' by his father as a child , and raised in Miami.Jorge Perugorr&iacute;a 's character Roberto , with the aid of his cousin Pilar -LRB- played by Isabel Santos -RRB- and taxi driver Antonio -LRB- Mario Limonta -RRB- undertake a road trip across Cuba to find his long lost mother . With little to go on , except some old photographs and the revelations of a `` santera '' who tells him that his mother can be found where Och&uacute;n , -LRB- correct spelling -RRB- orisha of rivers whose offerings include honey , meets Yemay&aacute; , orisha of the ocean , Roberto 's determination to find his mother is put to the test.Although very few pro-government billboards with pictures of Castro and Ch&eacute; are shown , -LRB- they are ubiquitous in Cuba -RRB- this movie is just another pro-Castro political statement aimed at Cubans inside the island desperate to leave the country . The film makes a poor attempt to sell the idea that no matter how bad the internal situation is , and no matter how hopeless life may seem , it is better to stay and live under these hardships rather than break up the family by emigrating.Don ' t waste your time or money on this movie . In my opinion it 's not worth the celluloid it was printed on .
 This movie is AWFUL , the acting is HORRIBLE , the sets are really AMATEURISH , the gore and blood level is high but so FAKE LOOKING that i really did n't care ... and did i mention the acting ? Oh , i did . . well it 's 80 % of why i almost could n't finish off watching this movie.Ok , enough with the insults . . there are some good things about this film that i ACTUALLY liked !! - THE STORY ... original but couldv ' e been better with a bigger budget , different producers , and sorry Canada . . but maybe a US film studio filming it.-THE GIRLS ... while most were good-looking , they were also very annoying especially the japanese host and the female contestants.-THE FRIEND - Yes , i knew someone in this film -LRB- Jerry , he played the character `` RICK '' -RRB- that was kinda strange seeing that i bought the film without knowing he was in it . Hmmm ... maybe he did n't anyone to know!So that 's it , you 've been warned !!!
 worst acting EVERstupid . a total waste , dont even rent this !
 Let me start by saying I bought this movie according to the reviews . Everybody tried to tell me how great it was . Well it 's not ! I wish hell I stayed away . Let start with the plot it could have been good but they screwed it up . It about a Japanese reality show where contestants race for their life for big money while being chased by really silly characters . The acting was very weak and the quality of gore was just to fake . Not to mention the film quality was just like some home video style . No matter what people say about this just back away from this one because the hype does not fit the film .
 Ok , so Renting movies isnt very well known anymore but still , I wouldnt rent this movie much less buy it . Thankfully my friend bought it and all I had to do was watch . Well we both are Horror movie officianados or whatever you consider a Horror Nerd and neither of us found anything about this movie likeable . It was horrible . Simply Put . Horrible . Dont ever buy it . Download it for free or something if you HAVE to . But otherwise forget it .
 An Italian production , Eaten Alive -LRB- Mangiati Vivi -RRB- is a mind-numbing fantasy adventure set in the jungles of New Guinea , involving cannibals , and a religious cult , similar to that in Jonestown , Guyana . This film is not for the squeamish , as true to the title , people are indeed eaten alive . Also served up are ample nudity , dismemberment , sexual abuse , rape , decapitation , severed genetalia , and the butchery of humans and animals . Does it sound like a fun time?Sheila Morris -LRB- Janet Agren -RRB- leaves New York for New Guinea , in search of her older sister Diane -LRB- Paola Senatore -RRB- who has vanished there . Upon arrival , she enlists the help of adventurer Mark Butler -LRB- Robert Kerman -RRB- to act as a guide . The ill prepared pair head into the jungle , and against long odds , do manage to locate Diana , living at religious sanctuary deep in the wilds , called the ` unification village ' . The group is led by the charismatic Jonas Melvyn -LRB- Ivan Rassimov -RRB- , who apparently keeps his subjects under control through the use of religion , intimidation , and drugs . It is a bizarre situation , and Jonas who enjoys abusing women while they are under the influence , soon has Sheila naked and painted gold . The jungle is infested with cannibals , who make escape from the village nearly impossible . Butler finds this is true when he attempts an escape , only to be forced to return to the village by the ferocious blood thirsty cannibals . Enlisting the help of a native woman -LRB- Me Me Lai -RRB- , Butler comes up with a final ill-fated plan for escape.This version of director Umberto Lenzi 's film runs just over 92 minutes long -LRB- not the 87 minutes stated on the back cover -RRB- , and features some shocking scenes of brutality , where people are hacked up and consumed raw , in a most casual manner . Whether realistic or not , there are few things as terrifying as being on the bottom of the food chain . The cannibals function similar to a traditional monster , and are turned loose for best dramatic effect . The religious cult element adds even more campy madness to the mix , pushing matters well over the top . Jonas rules like an emperor , and he and many in his group , appear remarkably well groomed for living in the middle of a forest . Sheila 's makeup is always immaculate , and her clothes never seem to get dirty . Butler , the supposed expert , is n't very successful at making his way in the jungle , yet manages to survive.In the cannibal film genre , this is perhaps one of the less ` realistic ' entries . If you have a stout heart , and want some pretty raw thrills , you may want to check this out . The extras include some interesting interviews with Umberto Lenzi , Robert Kerman , and Ivan Rasimov . The film is also available as part of the Jungle Horrors Triple Feature , which also includes Jungle Holocaust and Massacre in Dinosaur Valley .
 Another cannibal flick from Umberto Lenzi , this one is pretty bad . The only interesting thing is the extrodinary -LRB- authentic -RRB- footage of various jungle animals attacking and/or killing each other . The plot concerns an expedition going deep into the jungle -LRB- again -RRB- to find a missing sister . They come across a cult led by Ivan Rassimov , and they also encounter cannibals -LRB- although I ca n't remember how they fit into the story -RRB- . As for the gore , it 's pretty graphic , but it 's also poorly-done and unpleasent . Most of the atrocities are actually kinda boring , especially for those who have seen Lenzi 's superior cannibal classic Make Them Die Slowly . The sexually-sadistic scenes in that film were taken to absurd extremes ; here they 're badly filmed and drawn-out too long.The film looks and feels like it was thrown together in a few weeks . It may be of interest to bad-movie buffs , but even hardcore horror fans will be disappointed if expecting a quality production . One of Lenzi 's worst .
 Here 's another Italian cannibal movie and I continue to find there is n't much exciting about this genre . Again , we have mostly controversy over killing animals which I really do n't find either disturbing or entertaining at all.I am also a little bored at seeing Kerman in another movie.There really was one scene where they could have taken the movie ` too far ' but they held back.I was hoping they would take things too far .
 I bought it as additional collection for my recent `` Cannibal Holocaust '' and `` Jungle Holocaust '' . But I did n't get anything exciting or at least different.This movie just inspired by Jim Jones 's suicide cult in Guyana . Cannibal rites is just cosmetic . It even does n't related to the story . The worst are , there are many animal killing and other movie footage . I even can recognize cannibal rites footage from Jungle Holocaust I own . Miserable !!!
 I do n't know why anybody with an ounce of sanity or a soul would want to watch anything as depraved as this garbage . I am not a prude when it comes to good horror , even stuff your average viewer finds disturbing , and many of my favorite directors -LRB- Cronenberg , Carpenter , Raimi , Romero -RRB- come from this genre . I should have been warned after the first cannibilism scene what was to come and yanked out the DVD and put in a mindless comedy or something . I stuck it out , and my reward was watching two women being butchered alive . What amazes me is how horribly realistic the scene was , surrounded by the mediocrity of a 70 's B movie . This is the sort of thing Jeffrey Dahmer might have found entertaining , but I was disturbed that ANYONE would film such a heartless scene to begin with , and that ANYONE would find this degree of inhumanity enjoyable to watch.I consider myself a pretty well-rounded film buff , having seen much from the classic era , foreign , non-mainstream and so on , but this is the sort of film I can live without . Film is the art form of our age , combining aspects of literature , culture , history , theater , art and music into one package . This package , once viewed , becomes part of our thought process , provided we have acheived consiousness to begin with . We veiw our selves and others within our unique thought processes , which , if filled with dehumanizing input like this becomes dehumanized . I 'm not saying this movie or others like it will turn you to cannibilism . I was actually pleased to find I hated it so much , because it went against every decent thing I choose to believe about humanity , lessons I 've learned from better films . So for me it was a plus to watch once , but not worth the twenty bucks I could have spent on something more edifying . So save your money on this piece of trash . Tod Browning 's `` Freaks '' is a better buy . Or `` Brady Bunch '' reruns . Or anything ...
 This movie gets 2 stars only for it ' ; s gore content . if you are a completest who needs to see every cannibal gore movie , then by all means check this out ... just do n't expect much . This movies tries to mix a Jim Jones type cult w / cannibals . The gore is poorly done . The movie is hard to watch . Not the best of it 's genre .
 Our hero in `` Breathless '' is played by Richard Gere . His name is Jesse and he has his faults like all of us do . You know ... stealing cars , assaulting people , killing police officers . This movie would lead us to believe that he is really a pretty good guy at heart . Jesse simply likes living a little closer to the edge than most . We follow him on the adventures he encounters while he is busy stalking an attractive young woman named Monica . He had romanced her for a few days while she was vacationing in Las Vegas and has decided that he is in love and has to have her . Is there any reason to care about Jesse and whether or not he finds the happiness and love he is looking for ? The short answer would be ... NO . `` Breathless '' is yet another in a very long list of movies with criminal protagonists who are selfish , violent and difficult to care about .
 Ok ... for you women -LRB- and men -RRB- who would enjoy seeing Richard Gere 's naked -LSB- butt -RSB- and brief view of his genitals ... this may be your cup of tea . However , I bought it because of Valerie Kapriski 's nude scenes ... not enough of those however to rescue this poorly made remake of a French classic . Although she is a beautiful young woman -LRB- at the time this was made -RRB- and she does have numerous topless scenes in the film , the horribly bad story line and her poor acting skills kill any erotic charge the director was attempting to accomplish here . Do n't waste your time or money on this big loser ... everything about it -LSB- was awful -RSB- !
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . Richard Gere 's first years of acting and it shows . Nothing original , waste of time .
 This movie exemplifies some of the worst of that splashy , colorful , cocaine-fueled 1980s media bilge from which I am still trying to recover twenty-plus years later . Richard Gere is cast as a boyish , mischievious cop-killer -LRB- ?? -RRB- with a devil-may-care spring in his step . Apparently the viewer is supposed to find him charming and sympathetic , although he is a complete loon . He is supposed to be a rockabilly , but his outfits look more appropriate for the tenderloin district than for a 50s revival . He spends the entire film prancing , posing , leaping , mugging , and cavorting , mainly because the screenwriters have given him nothing interesting to say.Gere 's love interest in the film is a very young and beautiful European gal who ca n't act her way out of a paper bag . The movie fails to convey any reason why her character would find Gere 's character interesting , except that he drives a convertible and likes to leap around and break things . Even when she strips naked and lets Gere paw at her , sparks do not fly . Perhaps this is because Gere acts like a man who has never been on a date with a female before ... he fumbles about and looks distracted , and he ca n't even seem to find her earlobes to nibble them properly . I found myself tempted to try to leap into the screen and say `` outta the way , loser ! Let me show you how it 's done !! '' I am not making any insinuations about Gere 's sexuality , which is probably none of my business . I am just saying he can not act . . or could n't in 1983 , anyway.I would have given this ill-conceived disaster just one star . But the girl is nice to look at , and the movie is so bad that it can actually might be viewed for its comic value . So I added a star . If you find this at a garage sale for 50 cents or less , get it , otherwise , steer clear .
 Just say you were asked to pick 10 of Richard Gere 's all time great films . Ok , I agree he 's probably only done 5 great films so finding 10 enough would be hard . But I think I could do it . `` Breathless '' , however would not be included because it is one of the most boring and ridiculous films I have seen . Back in 1983 it hit the cinemas and people went and saw it because of Richard Gere 's full frontal nudity . But blink and you will miss those bits , they are so fast on your screen . `` Breathless '' may be a remake of a French classic , but that does not make it a masterpiece .
 I had the misfortune of watching this garbage the other night . This film is nothing more than a vanity piece for Richard Gere 's already inflated ego who spends three quarters of the movie showing off his body , while one quarter of the movie banging the sexy Val&eacute;rie Kaprisky.The synopsis is Gere plays a lowlife fugitive named Jesse who is wanted for killing a cop . While on the run he encounters an exotic French beauty named Monica -LRB- Kaprisky -RRB- who joins him on their escape to Mexico . I wo n't spoil the ending , but it 's quite lame.This already cliched plot gets weaker throughout the movie . There 's no intelligent reason why these two idiots are together-their relationship is solely based on lust . Jesse is an immature thug who steals cars and money , reads comics on the side , and sings cheesy 50s pop songs . Put aside Kaprisky 's bad acting for a moment and you ca n't understand her English half the time , she 's nothing more than eye candy.If you want trashy Hollywood sex appeal , this movie has it -LRB- along with Gere 's equally brainless `` American Gigolo '' -RRB- . If you want quality acting and storytelling , this is n't for you .
 I 've not seen Jean-Luc Godard 's original but it has to be better than this overripe film . I 'd call it a case of style over substance but there 's no discernible style here . Richard Gere 's preening narcissistic punk is downright grating . You wonder what Valerie Kaprisky 's architecture student sees in this jerk . But , then , Kaprisky 's only real talent on display here is shedding her clothes . Which leads to the film 's mandatory love scenes . Boring ! There 's no compelling reason to see this mediocrity .
 This may actually be the most completely vapid film I have endured to date . Based on the famous French film of the same name , BREATHLESS offers the story of a wannabe rebel and petty criminal who accidentally kills a police officer -- and promptly goes on the run with the aid of his unsuspecting girlfriend . But where the original constantly surprised , the remake is uninspired , insipid , and about as enjoyable as a root canal.The big problem with the film is Richard Gere . To give him his due , Gere knocks himself out to inject some life into the predictable plot and mindless script , but there 's no way around it
 The original version , A BOUT DE SOUFFLE , is a great movie , but Hollywood contaminated the original . The original showed innovative skill , great performance , good story , but this one has only commercial stuffs -LRB- No innivative skill , No good performance , ordinary -LRB- commercial -RRB- story -RRB- Please see the original if you want to see a good movie .
 Jean-luc godard 's first major motion picture , BREATHLESS , is still known to this date for being one of the most influential films of all time . It has a serious plot , but very comedic undertones and that 's what this director and these actors could not capture . They took everything that was unique and original in Breathless and still would be to this day , and they painted a soap opera picture over it with over-dramatized acting and unnecessary suspense.whoever made this is a moron .
 Amazing . Simply Amazing . No ... I 'm not commenting on the high quality of BREATHLESS
 The original version of the movie , A BOUT DE SOUFFLE , is a great movie using `` jump cuts '' `` improvised dialogues '' with good actorsJean Paul Belmondo , Jean Seberg , but the original was commercially contaminated by Hollywood version -LRB- Breathless -RRB- . The story becamebad , the acting is not good , no innovative skill in this Hollywoodversion . See the original version if you like a good movie .
 I bought this DVD at Best Buy for something like $ 5 , based on the notion that Richard Gere is , in reality , a fairly nice guy . There are really only three reasons to watch this film , however
 This is a very raw , gritty film , both emotionally and cinemagraphically . There are interviews , but they do not include any psychiatrists or neurobiologists , as I might have expected -LRB- see my immediately previous review on the brain -RRB- . Aileen herself , interviewed several times telling several different stories . Her family , the cops , the attorneys . But mostly it is Aileen and the filmmaker.Aileen was a hitchhiking hooker . She killed a total of seven men before she was captured , and late in the movie , she asserts that the main reason was that the cops `` let her do it . '' She argues that there was plenty of evidence at the scene of the first murder , but the cops chose to ignore it so that she would keep killing until they had a sensational serial killer who would make them a lot of money on book and movie deals.Sadly , there seems to be a good bit of basis for that argument.This movie also serves as a compelling argument against the death penalty . There was no question of her guilt , but that 's only one problem with the death penalty . Aileen convincingly illustrates another
 The interviewer has an obvious agenda ; he is anti-death penalty . He seeks to portray Wuornos as insane . The reality is much more complex than that .
 I swear that this should 've kept in mind the age difference in this movie . The rest of the films seemed to run quite well except this one where they had Rocky and Colt look like they were 16 or 17 !
 just checked out darkshadowsdvd.com , to find this set is August and September 1967 ONLY !!! set 2 , was June and July 1967 , ONLY ! ... WHAT A JIP !!! And these sets are going to be released Quarterly , with only -LRB- 2 -RRB- months of shows !!! ... Why not just release ALL episodes AT ONCE !!! UGHHHHHHHHHH !!! I 'm thinking about CANCELLING my pre-order of collection 3 . Dan Curtis is a JIP-Master !!!
 Class of 1999 is one of those movies that is so terrible you HAVE to watch until the end just to see how bad it can actually get . It takes place in , you guess it 1999 . The film was made in 1990 when people thought 1999 would be like living on the moon . Gangbangers control the schools and the neighborhoods . That 's when the reality buttons popped on for me . You have these super tough gangmembers that carry guns everywhere yet they STILL go to school ? Would they go to school ? Also , the school is such a dangerous place that armed guards frisk the students and relieve them of their weapons every morning . I was like '' Duh ! '' . The so-called gangmembers are so wimpy and wussy you 'd think they were '' Leave it to Beaver '' rejects . That 's just one of the many unrealistic points of this film . If you spent time trying to fit common sense into Class of 1999 you 'll miss the entire film.Bradley Gregg -LRB- Stand By Me -RRB- stars as Cody Culp . After a stint in prison he comes out with a changed attitude which his gang -LRB- The Blackhearts -RRB- do n't appreciate . His little brother Angel is finding Cody 's '' gone-good '' behavior sickening and it causes a little riff between the two . Meanwhile the principal -LRB- Malcolm McDowell -RRB- has hired Stacy Keach and his menacing teachers to clean up the terrible school . How can they ? Well , the three new teachers -LRB- Pam Grier and Patrick Kilpatrick included -RRB- are nothing more than fururistic killing robots . Soon all order is lost as they slowly go on a rampage and make Cody their number one target . Along with the principal 's daugher , Cody partakes in a mission to stop the evil robots -LRB- are you laughing yet -RRB- you should be . Anyway , all heck breaks loose by the end of the film when The Blackhearts team up with their rival gang to stop the robots . The film goes from a wannabe '' Lean on Me '' to '' Terminator '' in less than an hour . If you get lost do n't worry because the plot is to blame . If you like Sci-Fi I guess you can squeeze this into your regime . If you ca n't tolerate silliness at all then do n't bother to watch this . But if you 're an all around movie lover like me who just likes to watch films at least once ... go right ahead . But do n't be surprised when you feel like a train 's run over your sanity by the end . Enjoy .
 I do n't know which movie you people saw , but in my opinion , this movie was terrible . The only good thing about it is it 's comedic value . That , and I watched it with a total hottie .
 It was 8 years ago and the pants were apparently at its worse . Stacey Keach 's hair should be jettisoned into space . If you like bad movies or wear horrible pants this is the film for you .
 DREAMCATCHER , as a title , suggests there may be story reasons for spending time watching this movie . Stephen King does know how to spin a tale -LRB- as we are reminded in seeing at least one of his books make it to the screen every year -RRB- . The problem is there just is no story here . A scary movie ? No , a very funny spoof of the alien genre duds perhaps . BUT , there are four really good reasons to sit through this otherwise forgetable bit of indigestion
 STEVEN KINGS MOVIE ... DreamcatcherHAS TO BE ONE OF THE MOST DUMB-ASS MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEENI WO N'T TELL YOU ANYMORE THEN THATBUY OR RENT THIS MOVIE . . AND FIND OUT THE HARD WAY ... LIKE I DID .
 Just watched Dreamcatcher , and I can sum up my review in one word - retarded.This would be a good for the guys at MST to get a hold of because more often than not this film is unintentionally funny.Aside from a stupid plot and ridiculous dialogue , the main resolution of the movie is never explained . There 's never even the slightest attempt to explain why the movie 's hero at the end did what he did to save the world.Not quite as awful as Battlefield Earth , but it 's in that second or third tier of awful sci-fi/horror flicks.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 Be aware that Amazon has been aware for over a month that this movie wo n't download from their server , yet they have done nothing to fix it . You would think they would either fix the problem , or just remove the movie from their available download list .
 An very good book -LRB- so I 'm told -RRB- , an amazing director -LRB- Lawrence Kasdan of `` Silverado '' , `` Grand Canyon '' and `` The Big Chill '' -RRB- and an excellent cast should make for a good movie right ??? Wrong . This movie was so bad it hurt . The storyline quickly became bizaree and impluasible , the effects were gory , but not interesting gory , and the direction was , well ... The acting was fairly good , but they just did n't have anything to work with . DO NOT buy this . Do n't even rent it -LRB- note that it had a very short-lived theatrical release -RRB- . If it is on cable , find something else too watch .
 Though the beginning of the movie sparks some initial interest with the relationship of the four main characters and their special `` gift '' , not much is done with this -LRB- or not enough -RRB- and it 's only a couple of scenes that give this movie very Limited Entertainment Value!In otherwords , a dud !
 This is not your average stephen king movie . the only reason i give it 2 stars is because it had a really good start , but went down hill after that . if you like wierd alien movies then check it out . but slimy eel looking things coming out of animals butts is really not what i find scary .
 ... and I say this with a heavy heart , because I love Stephen King , and I am fan of Lawrence Kasdan , ever since he impressed me greatly with his masterpiece impressive debut Body Heat.But Dreamcatcher was actually awful!First of all it was as scary and exciting as watching cricket , and instead we get scene after scene of digital special effects that after a while become so tiresome to watch.The film looks like Alien , Independence Day , Signs , even Men In Black and an assortment of earlier King adaptations , without really having an identity and character of its own , or coherence for that matter.King 's themes do occur yet again in abundance , the kids/grown-ups with powers/gifts , which was so sporadically treated , it became quite insignificant to the whole plot.The Dreamcatcher itself which I thought would have a greater significance -LRB- catching nightmares . . -RRB- , was too just a ` passing gimmick ' . The monsters and aliens got the biggest crunch of the script , and this is where the main problem lies . While the monsters were very well digitally constructed , there was simply too much of them to leave any room for suspense , tension or imagination.I think Kasdan tried to compensate the digital overdose with the beautiful scenery of the woods and the snow , shot from different angles , but it was a case of too little too lateAnother point that baffled me is the fact that the main evil alien has an inexplicably English accent !!??! It was totally unnecessary and devoid of any cheeky humour as probably intended.And , this is by far Morgan Freeman 's worst role . His character was so cliched and way over the top
 This film gets my vote as one of the worst films I 've ever seen in my entire life and that 's saying a lot . I 've not read the book so I 'm sure whatever was done here was not Stephen King 's fault ! What is Morgan Freeman doing in this moronic piece of crap ? I can not believe , at this juncture , that this film has three stars on Amazon.com !!!! If I could give it less than one star , I would ! Avoid avoid avoid !
 This supposed `` horror '' movie has a lame plot that never develops despite expecting you to sit through it 's awful 124 minute run time . `` Dreamcatcher , '' like most Stephen King movies , should have aired on TV and spared the poor saps who spent money on his latest piece of trash .
 I did n't really have high hopes for this movie but sometimes you 're just in the mood for a scary movie set in the snowy woods of Maine.The best things about this film were the chilling opening credits and the special effects . The beginning of the film showed some promise ; the characters seemed to have some depth and the story was mysterious . But once the four got together in that cabin , the whole thing took a nose-dive . It turned into a bad version of `` The Thing . '' But it was n't scary . It was funny without trying to be . The possessed guy sounded like Mr. Wick from the Drew Carey Show . This is the only time I 've seen Morgan Freeman suck . -LRB- The script 's fault , not Morgan 's -RRB- In the interview with Stephen King on the DVD , he sums it all up when he says that the main reason he wrote the book was for the toilet scene . He wanted that scene to do for the toilet what Psycho did for the shower . The main difference being , the Psycho scene was scary.This DVD contains `` deleted '' scenes ; they really should have deleted all of them.In closing , I believe that the only people to have made a decent film based on a Stephen King story are Tobe Hooper and Stanley Kubrick ...
 Dreamcatcher , it is based on a stephen king book.This movie awful ! It 's about 4 boys who befriended a alien when they were young and developed telepathic powers and a few other neat abilities , then 20 years later those powers come in handy when an alien invasion takes place.Kinda sounds interesting and the first half of the movie is auctually decent.Showing the boys , now adults , useing their ability and the results.As well as slowly showing their past and how they met the mysterious alien and got to be like they are.For a short time there the flick was shapeing up to be okay and had a creepy style to it.The second half of the movie takes a huge nosedive though and turns into an awful alien B-movie . The kind you 'd see on the sci-fi channel on a weekend and would only watch because nothing else is on.The strange thing is Morgan freemen is in this movie so you 'd think it would at least be okay then right ? Wrong.I wonder how the hell he was talked into starring in this turkey ... From what i hear the book was way better though and the director of the movie really swerved ofcoarse with it.Which is a shame as it started out interesting and had a decent , though horribley executed concept.There was also nothing scary about it either dispite the movie being billed as a horror flick .
 THIIS IS ONE OF THE ABSOLUTE WORST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN . IT WAS PURE TORTURE SITTING AND WATCHING IT . I KEPT THINKING TO MYSELF THIS HAS TO GET BETTER IT CANT GET ANY WORSE . IT PROCEDED TO GET EVEN WORSE AND WORSE BY EVERY MOMENT , WATCHING THIS MOVIE IS A WASTE OF TIME , ENERGY , SANITY , AND MONEY . IF YOU LIKE STEPHEN AND I DO , PLEASE DO YOURSELF THE FAVOR AND DONT TORTURE YOURSELF WITH THIS POORLY ACTED , POORLY SCRIPTED , POORLY STUPID LOOKIN ALIENS . . BY FAR ONE OF THE WORST THINGS I HAVE EVER SAT THROUGH IN MY LIFE . I GAVE THIS MOVIE 1 STAR SIMPLY BECAUSE ZERO WAS NOT AN OPTION.THIS MOVIE SUCKS !!!!!!
 This movie is absolutely terrible ! I had to ask myself if this is the downfall of Morgan Freeman . I do n't know why a respected actor , such as Morgan Freeman , would take on such a script . This want to be `` aliens '' movie leaves much distaste with it 's gorry scences and lack of script . Save your time and money!This movie starts out with a lot of potential . After the first alien comes out of the persons butt , with LOTS of blood , I was ready to turn my head and read a book , which I should 've done . Graphic scene after graphic scene is what this movie is about . Unless you are into blood and evil creatures , do not buy this movie !!!!
 Dreamcatcher starts out great with interesting characters and fine actors playing them . Then it quickly turns into sci-fi/horror film when it would 've worked better if it was more like Starman . I mean Damian Lewis , Jason Lee , Thomas Jane , Timothy Olyphant are all charming in their roles and it would 've been better if you had all 4 of them together through-out the movie . Instead their characters scatter apart early in the movie and is only one scene of them all together as grown-ups . They have a sweet relationship with a retarded kid . He gives them all the power to read minds and to use their fingers to locate stuff by just ... twirling their fingers . I think the retarded kid was supposed to be an alien or something . The script throws so much in one movie it 's hard to follow it all . Would 've worked better as a mini-series on ABC possibly.The friends come across people who have bad gas and their stomachs are bulging out . The reaction on the friends faces as these people let go a few is funny . Timothy Olyphant 's expressions are best . I liked him the most in this movie and sadly they do n't do as much with his character as they could 've . After seeing him in -LRB- Scream 2 and Go -RRB- I 've been a fan of his and his potential of being a big star is wasted here . As they could 've done so much more with him.Anyway they find people with bad gas and turns out they have aliens inside them who exit through their behinds . So yes the movie falls apart there . It 's a shame because the film has times when it 's fascinating and if they kept those 4 friends together through the whole movie it would 've been a lot better . Cut out the aliens and throw in a plot with 4 friends trying to save the world from anything but aliens who live in buttocks and it would 've been good.Oh yeah the leader alien inhabbits Damian Lewis and makes him talk with this John Cleese like english accent ... I know scary . On top of that Morgan Freeman is actually bad in a movie . He plays this crazy general who is just laughable and hard to take serious . He 's much better at playing a sweet warm-hearted guy than he is as a bad guy and I hope he learned from his mistake with Dreamcatcher . Everyone else is good though and it 's a shame they all thought they were making a good movie and did n't actually read the script first lol .
 I do n't know what is more pathetic . The movie or the fact that I actually sat here for 2 hours watching it . This flick STINKS . The beginning is interesting and shows promise . The middle and end are beyond BAD.The hero is a guy that makes Forest Gump look like a rocket scientist . I find it EXTREMELY hard to believe that a retarded gimp could twart an alien invasion . This is Sci-Fi , but give me a break . Imagine sending Pee-wee Herman up against Pin Head from Hell Raiser . Yeah , see what I mean.You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll kiss $ 11.95 Good-bye !
 This was a sadly typical horror flick ; in all fairness I do n't like horror flicks and at first did n't realize this was one of them . It did n't take long for the movie to clearly identify itself as a movie devoted to blood and gore.If you 're really into horror movies you may enjoy this one ; for those of us who do n't , this is a great one to skip !
 Starts good , but fall on it 's face past half of the movie . Definitely another Stephen King film . Never again .
 I have n't seen the DVD , but some time ago I saw the movie in the theatre . Please forgive me for not having clearer details for you.While I agree that this movie is n't a classic by any means , I will say that there is an aspect of the film that appealed to me . The film impressed me with it 's depiction of the mental state that has often been described as either an `` out of body experience '' or `` possessed and out of body control '' . In the movie , one of the characters has his body possessed and he is seen as inhabiting a room . The room has secrets that he is attempting to guard from the invading entity . The door to the room is locked and being assaulted by the entity.While in the room , the character looks through a window and sees all the things that his body is doing , but of course which he is n't performing . He speaks to the other characters without being heard . He laments the horror that befalls his friends but is helpless to assist them . His only recourse is to fight off letting the entity enter the room.I love innovation and I thought that this was creative . Perhaps the other reviewers remember these scenes , or will look at the movie again and hopefully see the `` new '' thought that was given to this reported phenomenon . Mass murderers , psychos , demon possessed individuals who commit atrocities upon our society , could creatively be depicted in this fashion in film and it would give greater depth to their story of not feeling responsible.Anyway , I thought that it was innovative , and it 's probably the sole reason that I will purchase the DVD .
 this movie started off really interesting and iwas really into it but as soon as i saw those mini versions of the monsters from dep rising it got pretty bad and the story changed entirely infact the first and last half of the film have no relavence to each other what so ever . Like i said it started off like the movie ` IT ' and then tuned into a blatant rip off of ` The Thing ' wich by the way was much better than dreamcatcher , the idea of changin something in the plot of a movie that really changes your perception of what your seeing can work very well thats if you turn it into something original and not so corny like dreamcatchers plot , if you wan na see a plot change that works fantastically and tuns into some thing much better than what you were watching and really makes you think more highly of it see ` Frailty ' which was directed by bill paxton about the story of a father who claims he 's been told by god to destry the demons of the world who are sinners -LRB- people -RRB- and its a really interesting movie and you 'll really appreciate the plot turn at the end of the movie .
 Now i understand why Warner Brothers attached `` Last flight of Osiris '' -LRB- the Animatrix short -RRB- before this movie ... The beggining of this movie is good , but then , it goes out of control ! ... Very very bad movie ... something like : Stand by me + ID4 * X-files / Alien = Dreamcatcher
 I enjoyed the book Dreamcatchers as a typical Stephen King thriller with its supernatural elements and strong childhood friendships guiding the way . Excited to see what how the movie brought the book to life , I was so completely disappointed by this mutilation of a film that I almost walked out in utter disgust.Basic plot is four childhood friends have another , `` special '' friend , Duddits -LRB- special in that he 's both retarded and absurdly gifted , as Stephen King does so well -RRB- . As adults the boys use these friendships to combat an alien invasion that comes to earth . We have the additional military element trying to contain the invasion , complete with possibly insane general at the helm.The book had great intertwining plot twists , woven together as only King can . I can only surmise that the movie suffered from massive editing , or that King was still on pain meds from being hit by that car and thus delusional as the screenplay was written . I know things sometimes change when adapted to the screen , but to change entire endings -LRB- not to give it away , but the whole Duddits ending was unbelievably ridiculous -RRB- drives me up the wall , particularly when that change turns a great pleasure read into some Hollywood-ized , special effect , big-budget alien mess . Unless you 're a thirteen year-old boy with a vast collection of bad sci-fi and action movies , avoid this wreck of an enjoyable read . If I could give it half a star , I would .
 The movie has promise for the first 40 minutes , all the way until Rick craps the ... whatever the hell that thing was ?! The moment was tense , the plot was there , the potential had built , and then ... laughter erupted , and the movie was over . The one thing I noticed most about this movie was everyone was rather accepting about what was going on . Oh hey look hundreads of animals are running out of the woods , ya know this stuff happenes . OR , hey some guy just died on the can and now something wants out of the toilet , but i could really use a toothpick ?! but hey were cool , no prob i 'll just get some duct tape , and maybe a mop and this situation is as good as fixed ... how about the frikin gun you just had in your hands about 10 minutes ago ?! Or the renegade commander ... bad cadet now i shoot your hand with the gun i got from JOhn wayne -LRB- the duke , What !??!? -RRB- , haha -LRB- i 'm crazy , now give me some candy -RRB- I did n't read the novel , so I ca n't say anything about Mr. King having anything to do with this movie , but in most cases three to three point five hours would allowed for some better development . I had to read the reviews after the movie because I though I might have missed something or was picking my nose for too long ... i do n't know . however reading the reviews was worth the price of the rental . I still think I missed something . SSDM -LRB- Same S#@% Different Movie
 Wow . Just watched Dreamcatcher and I dont really know what to say . Simply one of the goofiest movies ever created . If I even attempted to write a basic synopsis of the plot , it would take like 3 full pages . That 's not important though , because you should only watch this movie for the sheer absurdity of the film-making . The writing is so ridiculous that I was actually wondering how many takes were wasted because the actors would start cracking up mid-line . Morgan Freeman has made a career out of doing give-me-my-paycheck-and-get-me-the-heck-out-of-here movies , but even he looks visibly embarassed during this one . They also decided to give him eyebrows that would make John Madden gape in disbelief . When an alien takes over one of the main character 's body , we find out that aliens apparently have a british accent . I 'm not even kidding.I could go on and on , but if you 're the type of person that enjoys movies that are so inexplicable and incompetently made that they are hilarious , I dont want to ruin any more for you . If you are one of these people , I highly recommend a rental .
 I Love Morgan Freeman 's work in the past , and I have to admit that was the main reason why I rented this DVD , and it also had Tom Sizemore -LRB- Heat , Saving Private Ryan -RRB- and it was directed by Lawrence Kasdan , a respectable director . When I read the syntaxis on the back cover of the DVD it seemed interesting , so I rented it . What a mistake , I put trough people farting and burping , aliens coming out of peoples butts , Morgan Freeman 's overacting -LRB- and his eyebrows -RRB- , ridiculous scenes , yes I saw all that up to the moment when one of the four psychics used a gun as a cell phone to communicate with Duddits , a gun that John Wayne -LRB- YES , JOHN WAYNE ! -RRB- gave to Freeman 's character as a gift.That moment I turned the DVD off , I could n't take it anymore . I had to do some things that day and I did n't do them because I stayed seeing that movie . Please I beg you , do n't waste 2 + hours of your life seeing this fiasco of a movie.To end my review I have to say that this movie will never become a cult classic because it does n't fit those standards . It 's simply a horrible pretencious movie .
 Dreamcatcher -LRB- Lawrence Kasdan , 2003 -RRB- The first thing you have to ask yourself is , `` what the hell was Lawrence Kasdan thinking ? '' The second is , `` How on earth did he convince Morgan Freeman to waste however much of his life it took to film this mess ? `` Even adaptation magician William Goldman , who 's been responsible for some of the best scripts in the business , could n't save what was , arguably , Stephen King 's worst novel . Its plot
 Someone at my local movie group suggested this movie be re-titled `` Earth Versus the Arse-Monsters '' . The idea was that such a stupid title would give the movie an appropriate cheesy B-grade air , allowing us to enjoy it on a so-bad-it 's - almost-good basis . A movie called ` Dreamcatcher ' based on a novel by someone the calibre of Stephen King just makes it all seem too serious.I think the big problem with this movie is that it 's full of ideas that do n't translate that well to the screen . For example , the `` memory warehouse '' works alot better as an abstact thought from a book . Seeing them depict an actual warehouse filled with physical memories that the character searches through comes across as silly instead of mysterious . Likewise , the concept of aliens breeding inside people 's intestines could be horrific or disturbing , but actually seeing people exploding blood and flatulence from their backsides is just corny.It does n't help that there were some very strange artistic decisions made here . Why the toothpick on the floor ? Why the gun-telephone ?? Why does Jonesy talk like a demented English butler when possessed ?? What 's with the eyebrows ? There are just too many of these unintentionally funny moments that distract us . Likewise , the random gore , the often cheesy dialogue , and the cliched characterisation are more suited to a teen slasher flick than the supposedly serious movie this tries to be.To me , it appears the filmakers were uncertain whether to remain loyal to King 's deeper , intellectual story or just go for a straight thriller/horror flick . In the end ` Dreamcatcher ' does n't really do either . It 's too unintentionally silly and corny to take seriously , but too po-faced and self-conscious to be enjoyed as a mindless popcorn slasher . The fact that it ca n't appeal to either audience is obviously why it flopped . Perhaps it might have been better in a different format , but I feel ` Dreamcatcher ' is one of those books that just does n't work on the big screen . It should have been left alone .
 The movie is incredibly entertaining ... unfortunately , for all the wrong reasons . The upside
 You know , I can remember when the name Stephen King was associated with words such as `` scary '' , `` horrifying '' , and `` suspenseful '' . Then he got hit by a car and those words changed to `` stupid '' , `` insipid '' , and `` God-awful '' . All three of those latter words could be used to describe the film `` Dreamcatcher '' , a movie so bad I can scarcely tell where to begin . Maybe it 's the fact that this horror movie is full of more flatulence than `` Blazing Saddles '' . Maybe it 's because the world is saved from destruction by a forty-year-old retarded alien with leukemia . Maybe it 's because said alien carries a childs lunch box and heroically yells `` I Dudditz ! '' before vanquishing his foe . I 'm not sure . But here 's the plot , just so you do n't think I 'm being unfair . Out in the middle of a snowy place , four friends were enjoying a weekend away from the hassles of modern life when suddenly things go awry . Two of these friends go out for supplies while the other two stay at their log cabin and happen upon a wounded hunter stumbling through the forest . They take pity upon him and bring him back to their cabin where he starts farting up a storm . No , I 'm not kidding . After passing enough gas to inflate a barrage balloon , the hunter lies down to get some sleep . He goes to the bathroom to resolve his gastro-intestinal woes and discovers that he has given birth to a small alien who then eats one of the occupants of the cabin . Thankfully , the alien is much more civilized and can contain his own gas . Anyway , the other guy who 's still alive -LRB- played by Damian Lewis of `` Band of Brother '' fame -RRB- gets posessed by this alien who , oddly , has a posh British accent . Meanwhile the other two schmucks are involved in a bad car accident , survive , and discover yet another fart factory who quickly squirts out another alien that kills off one more friend . And then there were two . At this point we learn that the area that all of this is happening in has been quarentined by a covert anti-alien task force commanded by Morgan Freeman and Tom Sizemore . Both actors put just enough effort into their roles to ensure that they get paid . It looks like the world is going to end when one of the friends -LRB- it 's hard to remember their names because they 're so cardboard -RRB- realizes that their old retarded buddy Douglas is the key to warding off full scale alien invasion . Thankfully Douglas -LRB- who pronounces his name `` Dudditz '' -RRB- lives nearby and , after packing his lunchbox , joins the heroic crew off to battle the poot-inducing menace . A battle takes place in which Dudditz -LRB- played by Donnie Whalberg -RRB- stikes a Superman-like pose , extends his arms , and bellows `` I Dudditz ! '' which apparently is the magic word to turn yourself into a stupid-looking alien . Thus the world is saved and you 've wasted two and a half hours that you can never get back . I 'll end with a plea to all Hollywood types out there to please offer better work to former castmembers of `` Band of Brothers '' . Now that `` Boomtown '' has been cancelled , they need good work , not Tabasco-inspired trash like `` Dreamcatcher '' . Oh , and Mr. King ? Please take a sabbatical or something to help bring back the firey genius you once posessed . And if it does n't happen , take a well-earned retirement . Just put the pen down ! For the love !
 Well , if you 've seen the trailer , you expected a decent horror/sci-fi movie . However , this movie belongs in the ` horrible movie ' genre . I cant believe Morgan Freeman was in such an awful movie . My biggest pet peeve in movies is when characters do something stupid , and in this movie , you might have the stupidest character in history . Yes , I 'm talking about the toilet scene . Basically , there 's blood everywhere and some crazy alien thing is trapped underneath the toilet lid by some idiot . If i was the alien , I would have just come out the back of the toilet and bit the idiot 's head off , but apparently , the alien knew this guy was an idiot , so it waited for him to do something stoopid . Idiot proceeds to drop his toothpick onto blood-filled floor and then reach for toothpick while maintaining some of his weight on the toilet . Gawd what an idiot . About 15 minutes later I was asleep after some unbelievable bad helicopter scene . At least Regal Cinema had comfortable seats .
 If you 're smart , you wo n't even waste your time on this one . Not only is the movie cliche , it really does n't make much sense . I never did figure out what the mute boy had to do with anything in the film . I am surprised Morgan Freeman even took part in this horrible movie .
 When the guy took out a gun and used it as a phone I knew there was no saving this movie . Why did the evil alien speak with a British accent ? Why did the good alien take on the form of a retarded boy and let people undress him stuff dog poop in his mouth ? Why did the good alien invite his friend out into the path of speeding traffic ? This movie has flashback scenes to when a group of friends were once young children . Hello ? Was n't this done already back in `` IT '' ? This movie is horrible . There is nothing good about it . The acting is horrible . The special effects are horrible . The story is the worst part . What was Morgan Freeman thinking ?
 My friend bought Dreamcatcher from amazon and we were watching it and half way through the DVD it stop working . He did not know if he had bought a used copy or what so I got on amazon and bought a new copy of the movie because I could not wait to finish it . So I finaly got my copy in and started watching it and at the same spot it quit working . So needless to say I am still wondering how it ends
 THIS MOVIE IS JUST AS FRIGHTENLY BAD AS STEPHEN KING LOOKS . I DID N'T KNOW IF I SHOULD HAVE GRIMMACED OR LAUGHED HYSTERICALLY AT THE FACT THAT THE ALIENS CAME OUT OF YOUR ASS ? WHO WOULD 'VE THOUGHT THAT THAT 'S WHERE KING WROTE THIS MOVIE OUT OF TOO ? I THINK THE ONLY WAY I WILL FORGIVE STEPHEN KING FOR THIS TRAVESTY THAT HE TRIES TO PAWN OFF AS A MOVIE , WOULD BE IF HE GAVE ME BACK MY $ 8.50 AND THEN FLEW OVER TO IRAQ , SAID TO OUR TROOPS , `` DO N'T WORRY GUYS , I 'M HERE , YOU CAN GO HOME NOW , '' AND PROCEEDED TO GET MAULED BY IRAQI REBEL FORCES . FOR ANYONE TRYING TO CHECK OUT THIS MOVIE TO SEE JUST HOW BAD IT IS , PLEASE ALLOW ME TO SPOIL THE PATHETIC ENDING FOR YOU . THE SAME HANDICAPPED RETARD FROM X-MEN 2 SAVES THE UNIVERSE !!! WHEELCHAIR RAMPS FOR EVERYONE !!! NOT TO BE INSENSITIVE , BUT THERE 'S A REASON WHY WE KEEP THE SPECIAL OLYMPIC SEPARATE FROM THE REGULAR OLYMPICS ; JUST LIKE WE KEEP WOMEN OUT OF THE NBA ; JUST LIKE WE DO N'T ALLOW THE MENTALLY CHALLENGED TO SAVE THE UNIVERSE !!! I WISH I HAD FOUR ARMS , I 'D BE LIKE DAVE CHAPPELLE AND GIVE THIS MOVIE FOUR THUMBS DOWN !
 I do n't like it . The story sounds unoriginal . I saw the summary to the book -LRB- which I have not read and never will -RRB- , and I can say that it is one of King 's worst ideas . The movie 's plot is worse . I advise you to stay away and never watch this crap .
 why are there people demanding we read the book first ?!?!?!?!?!? a movie is what a movie is.WE ALL KNOW ABOUT THE LIMITS MOVIES HAVE/BOOKS DONT.that doesnt excuse the movie version to be awefull as this certainly was.look at the hannible movies , both are brilliant.exorcist , jaws , some of kings books have been adapted quite well.BUT THIS !?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? and how could you mr. freeman allow yourself to be part of such junk ?????????? what i hate most about movies is the fact that the audience are forced to take for granted what the directors claim to be a plot.example ; why does drowning -LRB- maybe -RRB- give jason super human strength?ok , we are forced to take it.BELEIVEABLITY is key to any/every movie -LRB- comedies not included -RRB- if all involved couldnt make the movie version somewhat as good as the book , then why do it all?no , one doesnt have to read book before watching movie.one wont help the other.ONLY NOT MAKING THIS WOULD MAKE THIS A GOOD MOVIE.AGAIN , YOU DONT HAVE TO READ BOOK FIRST.sheesh !!!!!!!!
 why are there people demanding we read the book first ?!?!?!?!?!? each one stands/flops -LRB- as this did -RRB- on its own.WE ALL KNOW THE '' BOOKS DONT HAVE LIMITS , MOVIES DO '' whine.NO KIDDING !!!!!!!!! that never excuses one/both being garbage.i cant speak on the book , ive given up on him.but the preview to this was interesting -LRB- those responsible for making previews should get 90 % of the take here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB- there are planty of movies that did justice by the book.we all seen about a dozen of them -LRB- the hannibal trilogy , exorcist , jaws , last exit to brooklyn , carrie , christine , and so on -RRB- so its not a given that the movie will never live up to book.THIS MOVIE WAS JUST HORRIBLE !!!! AND WHAT WAS MORGAN FREEMAN THINKING WHEN HE READ THIS SCRIPT ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? SHAME ON YOU !!!!!!!!!!! when making a movie , try to make it believeable !!!!!!!!!!! thats the key to every horror/drama/suspence / and even some sci fi movie.comedies can get away with being ridiculously unbelieveable.and weve learned not to expect to believe anything in slasher flicks.example ; how does the posibility of drowning give jason superhuman strength?how does defending a handicapped child give the group mental powers -LRB- although i could have cared less at that point -RRB- ? how do producers live with themselves , knowing that their movie was garbage?on that note heres a reminder ; YOU DO NOT HAVE TO READ THE BOOK BEFORE SEEING THE MOVIE!JUNK IS JUNK IS JUNK IS JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 minus the brief moments of gore , this movie is pure junk!maybe , just maybe , pre teens or the lemmings who make up the MTV / TRL crowd might enjoy this and find it scary.and let me add now that jeepers creepers 2 was also a waste of money -LRB- unless youre a lobotomized lemming -RRB- . between these 2 -LSB- movies -RSB- , i got in some needed sleep .
 Right from the beginning . The film confuses you . This is what I was thinking when I was watching the movie : `` Oh , They 're friends and they somehow can see/read people 's thoughts , or they can can maybe see slightly ahead in the future ? '' `` The teacher got ran over , but wait ... all of a sudden , he 's getting ready to go cabin-camping with his friends ?? What happen in between the accident and the camping trip ? Is he dead ? Or is this in the past we 're seeing ? I 'll keep watching and see if they 're going to clear it up . `` Nope , they did n't . `` Look like they found someone lost in the woods . There is something surely wrong with him . Something is moving around in his chest and stomach . What the hell ... '' `` Holy crap , the character Jason Lee plays gets his face bitten off ! Just like that , he 's dead ?? Wow , what a way to end someone 's elses life . I would have thought he would stick around with his friends longer . I mean , is n't he suppose to be one of the four that the story centers around ?? '' `` Morgan Freeman and Tom Siezmore just showed up . What is going on ?? I think they 're saying something about aliens . Was that an alien that ate Jason Lee 's face ?? And what the hell Morgan Freeman 's character is talking about ?? Bucko , Boss , and some other crappy phrases . And yes , there 's the stereotypical alien with the big head and 2 eyes ! And his name is Mr. Gray ?? '' `` I 'm totally confused even more . The military comes full force into this movie and they 're hunting and killing aliens ! It 's like I 'm watching two different movies ! What kind of storytelling is this ?? '' `` Jonesy and Mr. Gray are the same character now . And the presentation of the character is just too confusing ! What garbage ! '' `` Morgan Freeman 's Curtis character is insane and Tom Siezmore turns against him ? Huh ? What happen here ? Henry -LRB- Tom Jane -RRB- tells Tom Siezmore about what he thinks is happening and Tom believes him ?? Just like that ? He believes someone that he hardly knows , and just jumps on board with Henry 's plans ?? Wow ! '' `` So Duddit knew about this alien invasion since we met his character as a pre-teen boy ? And what 's going on with Duddit ?? He turns into an alien too ?? So he 's an alien now ?? `` So you can tell where I 'm going with this . This movie was made by Lawrence Kasdan , who I think is a great movie writer and not too bad director , but man , what kind of garbage is this ?? And the way it ended . He steps on the little worm and that 's it ?? C'mon Mr. Kasdan !! As a movie fan , you must able to see that that 's one of the worst ending that a movie can have ! This movie should n't have even been release into the theaters ! Straight to DVD is the quality of this movie . What a let down .
 This movie was bad from the beginning . From the onset the dialogue is jarring and unnatural . Many parts of the plot are unexplained and you 're left with a general feeling of , `` huh ? '' I hope , for the future generations of movies watchers , that this film is never aired again . It is sad that there are so many talented actors in the film , such as Morgan Freeman -LRB- he 's the reason to watch this -RRB- , because their skills are wasted . I now know to look a movie up on Amazon before renting or buy the video .
 First of all I am not even sure if this movie had a plot at all . I fell asleep through most of this movie . The character development was horrible . Whenever I decide to watch a King movie I set my expectations low , because lets face it most of them are n't very good . I set my expectations very low and I still was disappointed . I recommmend tht you read the book . I ca n't even really recommend this movie to King fans because I am afraid it will disappoint fans and non-fans alike .
 There are only two reasons I have to give this movie kudos . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It starts out promisingly enough , as the likable characters are introduced and gather for their annual hunting trip . Their rapport is fine , and the actors -LRB- Jason Lee in particular -RRB- do a great job in these scenes . -LRB- 2 -RRB- When I was reading the book in anticipation of the movie 's release , I got to the part where the alien spawn emerges from a hapless man 's buttocks as he sits on the toilet passing loud , obnoxious gas , and I thought , `` How in the world are they going to film this scene without turning it into the world 's biggest , sickest , stupidest poop joke ? '' To my surprise , the filmmakers managed to do it rather well . The scene is creepy and disturbing without being silly at all.Too bad the rest of the movie sucks . Like the book , there is too much stuff crammed into a too-small container , and the result is a contrived mess . Breaking up the four lead characters may have worked in the book -LRB- sort of -RRB- , but in the movie it 's a mistake , creating too many story lines which will either confuse viewers or simply wear them out . The usually reliable Morgan Freeman seems rather unconvincing in his role as a sadistic military honcho who likes to call people `` laddy-buck '' -LRB- huh ? -RRB- and does his best to turn an already uncontrollable situation into something out of `` Dr. Strangelove . '' Tom Sizemore plays a decent guy for a change . One of the New Kids on the Block plays a Scooby Doo-obsessed `` special person '' whose transformation at the end of the movie creates far more head-scratching questions that it answers.Nobody 's a bigger Stephen King fan than I am , but the man needs to know when to quit . Some of his best work is also his simplest . I 'm thinking about `` The Body , '' `` Cujo , '' `` Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption , '' and his last -- and best -- collection of short stories . They work so well because they 're simple stories , with little or nothing supernatural about them . You 'll notice they all made great movies , too -LRB- well , except maybe `` Cujo '' -RRB- , for the same reason . But `` Dreamcatcher '' , although certainly not the worst King adaptation -LRB- `` Christine '' , anyone ? -RRB- , gets bogged down trying to do too much in too short of a time frame .
 I thought this movie was absolutely awful ! Yes , I did read the book . And yes , I thought the book was 100 % better than the movie . First of all , I was offended at the portrayal of `` Duddits '' by a child that looked `` normal '' and only made a mockery of a Down 's Syndrome child . On that same vein , Donnie Wahlberg as the adult `` Duddits '' ?!?! Inappropriate and short-sighted . Morgan Freeman 's character was not nearly as fleshed out as it should have been , and very vaguely represented the character I loved to hate in the novel . Owen barely existed in this movie , and had very little to do with the actual plot.In addition , I was deeply disappointed in the ending of the movie . It almost seemed as if a completely new set of screenwriters came in to finish the story ! I 'm not sure I understood the point of making Duddits an alien , or able to become an alien . Are we to assume that Duddits only had the abilities he possessed due to some cosmic genetic fluke?Overall I thought this movie was a waste of cinematic space . I believe the fault lies not with Stephen King , who wrote this book as a means to overcome his accident , but with the screenwriters , who took a well-written and original novel and turned it into a campy sci-fi faux horror .
 This movie was awful . I spent only 48 minutes into the movieand decided to quickly shut it off . The dialog did not make sense and they never really explained much throughout the 48 minutes . Do not rent or buy this movie . You will be wasting your money and time .
 Dream Catcher -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -LRB- 2003 -RRB- could have been a good sci-fi experience for me but our first glimpse behind the bathroom door was just too unsightly , even for a die hard Steven King fan like me . As such , I can not rate this film at higher than 2 stars . If this visually explicit scene could have been eliminated I am sure I would have liked this film and rated it at least 3 to 4 stars.It was enough to demonstrate that the creature gestated in the digestive tract of its host by the difficulty the victim had with eating and the resulting rude noises . The audience did n't need the very explicit lesson in Digestive Diseases . That scene aside , there was much I liked about the remainder of this movie . Pardon me for my sensibilities . I am still a Steven King fan but feel he should have stopped short at the Bathroom door since crossing that ugly threshold added nothing essential to the film .
 A british accent ... why , dear god , why did the alien have a british accent ... I admit , I laughed at some of the dialogue that was delivered by the decent cast but seriously , this movie had no plot ... It 's like the screenwriter had ADD . The story flipped around so dramatically , you had no real idea what was going on and not to mention the fact there was just some ridiculous stuff in it . Yeah , a homing beacon in hand gun which was used as a phone and later used to take a helicopter down that was doing strafing runs . The whole story would lead you to a point where it would explain things , then it would shove a new topic down your throat . Oh yeah , the ending was ridiculous and I 'm not just talking about the the New Kid turning into an alien . The fact `` Jonesy '' steps on the damn worm and they look at each other and smile and that 's the end . Thank god this is the first Stephen King book-to-movie that has flubbed ... Oh wait ! It 's not . Hopefully , Hollywood will catch on and realize his books can not be adapted to movies and go back to just filming worthless crap by no-name screen writers rather than ruining the name of a well-respected author .
 This is perhaps the worst big-budget horror film I 've ever seen.I 'm just surprised these guys did n't realize what a horrible turkey they had on their hands and sent it straight to video . At least then they could salve their pride . This movie is crude , It 's got enormous , ridiculous plot holes . It 's basically unwatchable for anyone who has n't read the book.My sense is that this is a monster movie masquerading as science fiction , but it 's just not smart enough to be convincing in either genre . The script is just too thin , and disjointed , despite being amazingly long.Lawrence Kasdan is the writer for ` The Empire Strikes Back and is a legendary talent - I 'm sure this project was sold on his famous name , so this is a professional tragedy of sorts . Hopefully this is n't his last work .
 Sometimes Stephen King novels can make excellent film adaptions . This is not one of those films . So badly acted to the point that I began to wonder if the acting was deliberately cheesy.And why are the Maine accents in these Stephen King movies always so exaggerated ?? Maine is beautiful , but I think the mention of Maine and Massachusetts in this film was a little much , yes we get it , we know the locale , yeah it is cool to be filming a Stephen king novel , blah blah.Some of the phrases , delivered in moments of suprise or fright , obviously lifted right out of the book , just seemed so acted and unnatural . -LRB- And who really talks like this anyway , except in a King novel -RRB- We start the story with 4 young friends who come to the rescue of a `` challenged '' boy . One of these kids decides it will soothe the boy to start singing `` Blue Bayou '' -LRB- caution
 I 'll start by saying that I have not read the book , so all I have to talk about here is the film , which in the end must stand or fall on its own merits , or lack thereof . Unfortunately , the main elements are all-too-familiar Stephen King fare ; telepathy , childhood buddies , a mentally handicapped person with unusual powers , etc. . A couple of the flashback scenes could have been taken straight from `` Stand by Me '' . While the book could conceivably -LRB- and probably does -RRB- layer on enough depth over the aforementioned basic elements to make the story more interesting and engaging , the film does not . Instead , it comes across more as a feature-length `` Tales from The Crypt '' episode.Despite all this , there are some good performances , notably by Damian Lewis , who continues to demonstrate the low-key style he put to such good effect in `` Band of Brothers '' . Here , he 's able to playfully counterpoint with a totally over-the-top portrayal of his `` Jonesey '' character taken over by an alien entity -LRB- getting to use a version of his native English accent in the process -RRB- . Surprisingly , Morgan Freeman `` phones in '' his performance as the unhinged covert government alien fighter . Granted , the script does n't give him a whole lot to work with.The creature effects are reasonably well done , but anything less would be totally unacceptable in this day and age.I originally had misgivings about watching this movie alone at night . I need n't have worried ; because of its failure to engage the audience on several levels , this film is not nearly as scary as it might have been , so it clearly misses the mark .
 I read the book first and it 's a good thing I did . The movie left out many key elements that made the book good . Now I personally was not blown away by the book but it was a good read none the less . Without reading the book you have no idea why Jonesey is in the room looking out the window or what the purpose is of him gathering boxes . They left out Mr Gray 's love of bacon . There was so much that was left out or just plain ignored . The football player trying to make Duddits eat the item at the beginning of the movie , they do n't cover his death . They completly changed the ending . The ending to the movie was very badly done . There was so much that was changed that it completely ruined the movie . On a final note , the Scooby Doo references and catch phrases just do not come across with the same passion and meaning as they did in the book . I am not kidding about that either , the whole Duddits character was so badly cast and played out in this movie that even if everything else had been perfect , the movie would have still been bad . Duddits was the pivotal character here . Everything was really centered around him and yet he was relagated to a side character and only gets maybe 15 minutes out of 2 hours and 15 minutes . Overall , skip this movie and grab the book .
 Many things in the movie do not connect . A lot of things in the beginning have absolutely nothing to do with the outcome at the end . If you 're going to place events in a movie , then place them there for a reason!The story is done in a way that tries to make the movie special , but it turns out to be just another `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' type of movie . This is good to watch one time , but after that you wo n't want to watch it over and over again . Spend your money on something else .
 This movie proves the thesis that Stephen King 's books make terrible movies . Basically a retelling of the monster in the woods tale , the success of the book is in the complex and textured interweaving of five friends , all linked , all with extraordinary gifts . One is extraordinary ; although the weakest in body and mind , he is the strongest in spirit . The movie misses all of this , and butcher 's the ending . This is among King 's masterworks , and the movie does it little justice . Morgan Freeman , usually a strong enough force to carry a script on his own shoulders , is wooden and stereotypic . It might take you longer , but I recommend that you spend a couple of days reading the book than trying to make sense of this hacked up and bland rendering .
 This movie could have been so much better . It started out fairly well but just did n't hold together after the initial introduction . The movie lost me completely in the bathroom scene . You 've got a monster trapped in the toilet , but that toothpick on the floor is out of your reach , and you need it so badly that you let the monster out to get it ? You have to ask yourself , `` What 's WRONG with this person ? `` Morgan Freeman 's performance in this movie was also a big disappointment . He 's such a talented actor , but here he seems to be just going through the motions . His character just falls flat . And as noted in an earlier review , the hair and eyebrows make him look silly and cartoonish.No big surprises in the final battle sequence . You pretty much know by this point who the two sides are going to be . But that last little bit after the fight - whose idea was that ? I just wanted to shout at the television , `` What ? NO ! That CA N'T be the end ! '' What a let-down .
 I did n't really care for this movie but it 's not the worst I have seen . If you liked the book , then you will probably feel the same as I do.The movie just misses way too much of the story and the ending is completely horrible . I watched this because I really liked the book and was hoping that this would be somewhat worthy but it is not . Why are so many movies that are made from Stephen King stories so off ? His books are incredible -LRB- one of my favorite authors -RRB- but the movies are mostly flat . I think they miss out on the feelings that King displays so well in his characters.I 'd recommend reading the book and skipping this movie all together .
 We 've all seen Hollywood ruin some of Stephen King 's most engrossing novels , but we ca n't blame Hollywood too much for this cinematic disaster . Dreamcatcher is just a lousy story ; it pains me to say it , as no one loves and respects Stephen King more than I do , but this has to be the worst story idea that ever came out of his usually brilliant mind . I 'm ashamed to say I have yet to read the actual novel , but it seems pretty clear to me that - assuming the novel actually tells a coherent story with King 's usually impressive characterization - it would be extremely difficult if not impossible to transform it into a good movie . The metaphors this film attempts to emulate die horrible deaths when removed from King 's original pages , tempting the viewer to actually laugh at the way they are portrayed onscreen . If you thought Herman 's Head was silly -LRB- hey - I actually liked Herman 's Head -RRB- , wait until you how this film handles that whole mindspeak thing . The harsh , regrettable truth is that Dreamcatcher is just a thoroughly ridiculous movie.We start out with four thirty-something , clearly weird buddies . Each possesses some kind of gift , such as the ability to read others ' minds . I got the impression they were all some sort of test subjects in a black ops project during their youth . I was quite wrong about that , as they actually owe their uncommon abilities to their friendship long ago with a mentally challenged young man named Duddits . The guys all head out to a mountain cabin every winter to think about their good friend , yet none of them has apparently bothered to see or even speak to him in twenty years - uh , OK . Back in the cabin , the guys have barely begun comparing their individual oddities and exchanging movie trivia when the snow starts to hit the fan . It begins with a couple of stranded individuals turning up with a nasty rash , and then , before you can say `` I Duddits , '' our main characters find themselves smack dab in the middle of a mysterious military quarantine . Soon , they 're fighting for their lives against nasty , slimy worms with more teeth than they can possibly need . The worms are actually aliens executing a master plan to take over the world , and - would n't you know it - Duddits seemingly tried to warn them about this twenty years ago . When Mr. Gray shows up about an hour into the film , you can consider the shark thoroughly jumped ; from there on out , the whole story is just laughable.Like others before me , I have to wonder why Morgan Freeman -LRB- the world 's greatest living actor -RRB- signed on to this project . It 's not like he had never had a chance to play a sort-of bad guy before , so I can only assume that he did n't read the script before signing the contract . Freeman is still good , of course -LRB- despite the odd fact that his eyebrows are huge for no apparent reason -RRB- , as are his fellow actors , and I have no complaints about the special effects whatsoever -LRB- well , just one - while it 's snowing pretty good out there in the woods , there 's never any falling snow to be seen in aerial shots of helicopters flying overhead -RRB- . All of the wormy aliens look quite real , and there 's a fair share of gore to be enjoyed on several occasions . Dreamcatcher 's overwhelming problem is its story . For one thing , it never really tells us enough about that whole Duddits business - or about the aliens , who have apparently been visiting Earth for at least a quarter of a century . And that thing with the toothpick ? Well , you 'll know what I 'm talking about if you see the movie . And who drew up such a cumbersome alien invasion plan in the first place ? Any sentient being could have gotten the job done in about five minutes - with five tentacles tied behind his back , no less . And , just to repeat myself , what is up with these guys never taking a couple of hours to visit Duddits after they grew up ? This is only the person who gave each of them extraordinary abilities , and they all go on and on about how much they love the guy , yet they 'd rather drive up to a cabin in the woods every year and think about him than actually trouble themselves to visit or call.Here 's the bottom line
 This is one of the worst Stephen King adaptations I have ever seen . I read the book first , enjoying it more than the last few by him I 've read.I think many reviewers are being too kind with this film . I will go so far as to say it is almost entirely miscast , with the grand poobah of miscasting being Morgan Freeman . He does n't come even close to conveying the evil of his character . The British accent of Mr. Grey was nearly unbearable , and the ending , for those of us who have read the book , comes completely from left field . I do n't understand what the director and writers and producers were thinking when they penned that . `` Hmm , we obviously ca n't use the King ending -- it 's heartwarming and heartbreaking at the same time and actually wraps up the story in a manner that makes sense . We ca n't have that . '' I hope SK got a big paycheck to look the other way because they really took a d * mp on his work.I do believe part of the problem is that SK 's dialogue often does n't transfer well to the big screen . Verbatim tidbits that I remember from the novel coming out of the actor 's mouths often fell flat.I give two stars for the things the movie does well . The gestating weasel and subsequent bathroom scene was very well done . The cabin as it gets covered with spores is also great . Actually , most of the first act material is pretty decent -LRB- aside from the casting -RRB- , plus the library/office stuff inside the main character 's head . If you have n't read the book , your chances of enjoyment are much greater , and I could possibly see this as a decent monster/action time passer . If you 've read the book , see it only as a rubbernecker .
 This movie reminds me of almost all movies Stephen Kings been associated with -- it starts great and is really interesting for the first third -- barely holds your interest for the second third-and falls apart by the final third . As he too frequently does-there 's a gifted `` special '' person who plays a significant role in the movies outcome . That does n't ruin the movie -- but the covert military operation which is headed by Morgan Freeman is a total waste and takes what little suspense is left in the movie and thows it out for good.The concept was good -- some friends are isolated , and encounter a stranger who has a mysterious ailment -- and that part of the story is quite entertaiining , but the ending is lame and ruins the initial story line . Suspense and horror are replaced by mayhem and firepower . Is it worth watching -- sort of -- but is it worth owning -- no way !
 If I had not read the book this movie would have made little or no sense at all , -LRB- not that it was very understandable even having read the book -RRB- . A great book which could have been a great movie , but never achieved the promise of the cast , or story . I was really looking forward to the film being a `` constant reader '' as Mr. King calls us , to the conflict between good and evil , the Duddits connection -LRB- from watching the movie you have no idea of what the connection between him and the other boys/men was -RRB- . The story line was choppy , trying to fill in the gaps with a few flashback scenes , you never really got the point that Mr. Gray had taken over one of the friends , -LRB- they had to have a character tell you this so you knew what was happening -RRB- . The lack of detail in the second half of the movie was confusing , and the new ending was a disappointment .
 Dreamcatcher was n't a horrible movie but maybe if I had read the book I would have gotten a better feel for the film . The film is long and drawn out and never really expalins what 's going on . Jason Lee 's performance is what saved the film for me . Kudos also go to Thomas Jane who just appeared in the vastly superior The Mist . I guess I will read the book and then view the film again . I would say the film is for die hard King fans only .
 the DVD froze up on us in the same spot each time we tried to play it . Did n't matter what we tried to do to get past the spot , it was froze up only about a third of the way through the movie . We had looked all over for this movie as we loved it and watched it whenever it came on cable tv , but wanted a copy of our own . Were very disapointed with the quality of the DVD , and also with the return policy . My question is , how do you know the DVD is of bad quality until you open it and play it ??
 Stephen King is a very good writer and he can make you feel scared , but whn they adapt a book to the movies they only make trash . People full of manias and fears , people with faces of fake fear and trying to make you scared , and non-sense flashbacks . Since `` The Shine '' no movie had success in movies . And Morgan Freeman ca n't save the movie .
 good golly , is this movie terrible . am i the only one who freaked out -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- when my dandy five-man drama exploded into a terrible sci-fi epic too terrible to even land a deal with the sci-fi network ? this is two -LRB- or 3 or 4 -RRB- movies in one . and none of them are good . stay far , far away .
 I love horror films and tend to be extremely forgiving of even the worst schlock , but Dreamcatcher is truly a disappointment . Upon first viewing there were aspects of this film that I enjoyed , but the more I thought about it ... the less any of it made sense . The plot is convoluted , the characters are wasted , and the alien fungus-monsters seem to have the psychic ability to create massive plot holes wherever they roam.Stephen King cannabalized half a dozen of his previous works to produce this self-plagiarism , and the movie adaptation is even worse . I have seen -LRB- and own -RRB- some of the worst movies ever made , and I enjoy them greatly -- but Dreamcatcher does not merit a second viewing ... or a first , for that matter .
 Reviewer coming from someone who never read the book : Movie starts out pretty good actually . The tension and suspense fit the mood of the movie , with an attempted suicide , a car accident , and some haunted childhood flashbacks . You kinda want to know about these guys and their mysterious past . The part with Jason Lee on the toilet was inventive and exciting , and you feel like you will be in a great ride of a movie.Then the horror begins , the horror being how terrible and unwatchable this movie turns into . It 's just so crappy a plot and the acting is so dumb . Morgan Freeman looks so bored and just a waste of supreme talent . Jonesy talking to himself in a British accent is just laughable , and I actually cringed when it happened , almost embarrassed for the actor -LRB- who is a pretty decent actor outside this movie -RRB- . If only the movie continued on from the potential beginning , this would have been a decent watchable horror thriller . Like focus on the 4 guys in the cabin and their haunted past , while fighting a couple aliens with their powers or something , and just forgot about the rest.OH WELL !
 How disappointing . Its extremely rare when you see a film that is faithful to the novel . Apparently they did n't want to remain faithful to story . Can someone please make a good adaptation of a stephen king novel ? Does any studio exist that will take the time to do this ? Please lord . Good to see more upcoming actors like Jason Lee and Timothy Olyphant get more screen time although the film does n't do them much justice . Watch this one with no expectations and you may like it . That and I hope you did n't read the novel first .
 I wo n't waste many words to describe this 147 minute long movie.One word says it all ... HORRIBLE.This rates among some of the worst crap I have seen put to celluloid in years ... . The cinematography and effects are top notch but like virtually every film adaption of a Steven King story ever done -LRB- except Shawshenk Redemption and Carrie -RRB- this movie is terrible.My wife asked if Ed wood was still alive while watching it . . that should say enough.Whew ... . bad ... bad ... bad .
 -LRB- NOTE
 I admit it . I was actually intrigued by a Steven King movie for the first thirty minutes . Now I 'm intrigued by whatever psychosis is evidenced in my repeated viewings of King movies , despite their lousy history . A few observations follow :1 . Stephen King is a flake , and brings his flakiness to his dialog . I believe Dreamcatcher is probably the movie most faithful to the pecurliar idioms that he applies to his characters . The little trivialities he throws in to make his characters ' dialog lifelike makes me wince . Hint to Stephen
 OK ... so every now and then there is a movie that comes out that may be okay in it 's own right , but has next to no similarities to the story on which it was based . I have been a Stephen King fan for years and have always made a point of reading his books before seeing any of the movies . I enjoyed the book , the story was great ... I 'm not sure what they screenplay writers read , but it was NOT the book . They got some of the basic plotline and such , but there was almost no character development -LRB- and where there was , it was wrong ... totally different from the actual chracters in the book -RRB- and they must have been bored with their own work by the end , because what they put in for an ending was very simply made up . They missed the entire point of the book and went WAY off track . So if you like Stephen King , do n't bother . If you like campy `` B '' movies and have never read a Stephen King book in your life ... you may just like it .
 Stephen King should pass up the money and not let his novels be made into movies . It never works out right . The one decent movie made from one of his books -LRB- The Shining -RRB- , he hates.This movie is great for the brief period of time that it follows the novel . The first act where you are introduced to the characters could not have been done better . The casting is great as well as the initial build up of suspense . The problem is that when the aliens are finally introduced , the movie tries to go over the top with cliched military conspiraccies and surprise twists when a subtle hand is what is needed . The ending is the most rediculous thing I have ever seen.Don ' t waste your time or money on this . Check out the book from the library and leave it at that .
 Oh , Steven King wrote this ? Well he should stick to the made-for-TV miniseries genre . This movie sucked . I mean really sucked.My reasons :1 . No character motivation for about 2/3 of the many characters that they force us to watch .2 . Horribly clich&eacute;d ending with the dying friend turning into a giant alien , and the fate of the world resting on a worm that dramatically pauses before jumping into a sewer .3 . Poor visual effects . The particles were large and clumpy . The majority of the composites failed to match contrast levels . The explosions were horrible . I 'm not even going into the design of the aliens ... 4 . `` Ass weasels ''
 I loved this book , and I was bitterly disappointed by this half-assed retelling for the silver screen . Some people will probably say that I 'm being unfair rating in comparison to the novel , but it 's not true . I think I would 've hated this movie even if I had n't read the book . I actually had the misfortune of seeing it in the theater . I have n't watched the DVD version yet . There 's supposed to be an alternate ending . I 'll have to check it out , I suppose . I hope it 's better then the one they used.The first hour or so is pretty good , but then it degenerates into a really sleazy gore , suspense flick . None of the really cool scenes from the book were used . Not even the really funny cafe scene where Mr. Gray murders the state trooper . It 's just a low down dirty shame .
 I 'm a huge fan of anything Stephan King , that being said I 'm embarassed for him for having put his name on this movie . I 've read the book and this movie is a huge disappointment . This movie has none of the depth or character developement of the book . You do n't get a sense of the friendships , why they work , how or why they 've lasted this long . The intorduction of the binding facgor of these friendships -LRB- the man child they saved a pre-teens -RRB- was sloppy at best , and pretentious at worst.If you have n't read the book then you might fine this movie -LRB- and I use the term losely -RRB- entertaining . But I highly doubt it .
 Four friends gather in a winter wilderness lodge where they will hash over old times , compare their idiosyncrasies and somehow save the world from a race of voracious worm aliens . As boys , the four befriended an apparently mentally-challenged boy known to them as `` Duddits '' - in true Stephen King style , Duddits is n't all he seems , and he rewards his new friends with newfound powers - one guy can find whatever is lost ... by anybody , another has a perfect memory -LRB- and can visualize it as a warehouse - remember that warehouse at the end of `` Raiders '' ? -RRB- , and so on . As adults they plan a weekend away in a forest cabin , chew the fat and compare notes about their powers . Their weekend reverie is cut short when it becomes clear that their stretch of woodland has become a battleground between the aforementioned body-snatching aliens and a covert military force that 's been fighting off otherworldly aliens for years . Because the aliens here can control men 's minds or even incubate within them , the ET-patrol sometimes finds itself drawing a bead on innocent human beings - and with these soldiers led with murderous efficiency by Morgan Freeman , `` sometimes '' becomes `` every other hour '' . With nowhere to turn , our heroes soon find themselves using their powers against the alien beasties and the evil soldiers.This was just an incredibly horrible movie . On the surface , it 's probably diverting . You have to look a bit deeper if you want to get the `` so bad it 's fun '' effect . I know that HG Welles 's invaders made it all the way from Mars without stopping to invent the wheel , but the worms of `` Dreamcatcher '' made it across the galaxy without the benefit of opposable thumbs -LRB- and happily for the US military , did us the favor of arriving on terra-firma , rather than anywhere on the 2/3rds of Earth covered by water , or otherwise beyond the reach of a decent military -RRB- . The plot gives the aliens the power to shape-shift - though they conceptually shift as well , with the script unable to decide if the aliens need to hatch from eggs or incubate in human beings , or whether they need to have any shape at all since they can assume anybody else 's , and though denizens of a distant planet , are familiar enough with ours to understand the evil of the British accent . Because the aliens ' intentions are unclear , the plot remains similarly vague , and never gives the leads a plot to follow . Left to their own devices , our leads act with utter stupidity -LRB- witness one of the characters , having trapped an alien in the toilet , reach desperately for ... a toothpick ? -RRB- . The biggest problem is that `` Dreamcatcher '' has something like a 2 + hour running time and nothing to fill it with but a pastiche of old sci-fi & horror stories and Stephen King plot ideas -LRB- the group of special friends from `` It '' & `` Stand By Me '' ; aliens from `` Tommyknockers '' ; the evil & covert shock troops seem like a paramilitary wing of `` The Shop '' , the covert & evil government agency that 's appeared in varying degrees in different King books -RRB- which are already a pastiche of sci-fi & horror stories . The movie is n't a very tight fit for its shriveled plot . Early on , you watch waiting for something to happen , and it does n't ; by the middle of the movie -LRB- by which time , the plot has apparently lost sight ... of everything -RRB- , you watch and wonder why things happen , or give up hope of anything happening - like the movie becoming a compelling and reasonably original story . Instead , `` Dreamcatcher '' remains consistently unwatchable , and never really all that scary .
 DreamCatcher is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . As a longtime Stephen King fan , I ignored the warnings . Fortunately , I did n't have to pay to see this dog ! It is the most vulgar/graphic movie I have ever seen . Obviously it is made for the 8-12 yr . old set , as only they can appreciate flatulence , belching , gaping -LSB- ... -RSB- wounds , slime , blood , guts and the sheer tastelessness of the movie . Should you actually persevere to the end , it turns very cartoonish and explains very little . A much better alien film , with suspense , is John Carpenter 's `` The Thing ''
 I ca n't even descibe what was wrong with this one ... You 'll just have to see it to believe it . To be fair , I did watch it all the way through , and when the film was finished , I could n't figure out what I had just witnessed . To say it was juvenile in scope would be an understatement . While I do n't exactly care for the literature of Stephen King , I ca n't imagine how he could have been responsible for something like this . Kids , the bottom fell out on this one .
 I lied ... this movie actually gets zero stars , but this rating system was n't built for movies as bad as this one , therefore it unofficially gets a 1 . In fact , you ca n't even describe this movie as being bad . It would have to improve by about 800 % just to become bad . At no point is this movie even close to being watchable . When I saw this movie , I had slept for 15 hours that day , and was all hyper due to being so well rested . However , it put me to sleep again in about 5 mins . The only reason I woke up was because of a loud farting sound , apparently caused by aliens crawling up people 's butts . Then I stayed awake long enough to have the honor of seeing some kid pick up a dog turd . Afterwards , I forced myself back to sleep . Do n't watch this movie .
 An absolute nightmare . A film filled with unecessary cruelty and poor storytelling . Stephen King has written better tales and has had his name attatched to better projects . Is this the same Kasdan who co-wrote `` The Empire Strikes Back ? '' This mess leaves a bad taste . The worst film of 2003 .
 I can not believe this movie got made , with decent actors no less . Do n't waste your time watching this movie , unless you enjoy senseless , annoying , and incredibly moronic writing . Movies produced using the works of Stephen King are typically quite awful . The only exceptions include movies that are based on short stories and movies that he himself did not have much to do with . This probably has something to do with the fact that he churns out mindless works one after another , much to the delight of his lowest common denominator audience . Save yourself the time and watch Magnolia .
 This movie really is n't sure what it wants to be . Part Independence Day , part X-Men , and part Alien , it even makes references in passing to another Stephen King story , Stand By Me.Essentially the film can be divided into two halves -- the enigmatic first half where four thirtysomethings make moderate use of their ESP capabilities on their way through their professional lives , one flashback to 20-years-ago , towards a mid-winter cabin destination . In the second half , we get the ridiculous Alien/Independence Day sub-plot , with Morgan Freeman being forced to swear -LRB- frequently -RRB- in order to convince us that he 's not the same endearing character from Se7en and the Shawshank Redemption.In the end , the Earth is saved -- my apologies if that ruins it for anyone -- but this dog 's dinner should retain your attention for about an hour . Once the aliens turn up and start visiting people 's bottoms , do n't feel embarrassed about reaching for the fast-forward button .
 This movie sucked to say the least . It seems as though the movie does not know how it should wrap-up the ending . What a let down ...
 THIS MOVIE REALLY SUCKED it wasnt scary what-so-ever , whoever thinks this movie is good , you are on crack ... The Ring , now there 's a good movie
 This was one of the worst movies I have EVER seen in my life . Stephen King novel movies have yet to impress me and by the way they went with this movie , they never will . This was not at all scary , no plot . I recommend Jason X over this . And I really hate Jason X. Do n't watch this movie , it 's a waste of 21/2 hours .
 Awful . Fall-on-the-floor-in-pain awful.Lawrence Kasdan , how on Earth is such a movie even possible from a director of your caliber ? How can you assemble such a grand cast of up-and-coming stars like Thomas Jane and Timothy Olyphant and strand them in this bad , bad , bad movie ? What is Donnie Wahlberg doing as a retarded man who shouts `` SCOOBY-DOOBY DOO ! '' before engaging in hand-to-hand combat with a creature from outer space ? And what on Earth is Morgan Freeman doing wearing prosthetic eyebrows and going all psycho as a deranged military man ? I understand he 's always wanted to play a villain , but , my God , did he read this script?The best movies made from Stephen King books deal with normal people facing down the scariest of human horrors , like `` Misery , '' `` The Dead Zone , '' `` Dolores Claiborne , '' `` The Stand , '' `` Stand by Me '' and the superb `` Shawshank Redemption . '' The monster movies , like `` Silver Bullet '' or `` Pet Sematary , '' have always been less successful and/or hokey . Why was it necessary to make another one?Worse , why did Kasdan film it like it was `` The Big Chill '' meets `` Predator ? `` Granted , the aliens look creepy , and their choice of gestation location , though straight out of `` Ghoulies , '' is grotesque . But this movie is a pointless , implausible , overacted and not-particularly-frightening mess .
 It was n't just gross or stupid ... it was stupidly gross ! I finished it - thinking it would get better and begin to make sense - on the contrary . Dreamcatcher is a misnomer , it should be titled Butt Weasels .
 This was the worst movie I 've seen in a while . I liked the cast , and the first part was not that bad . But then half way through the movie , it took a turn for the worse and never recovered . I was going to turn it off about two-thirds of the way through , but I stuck through to the end hoping to see something that made this thing worth while . It never happened . The end is dumb .
 This movie tries -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to reproduce some of the best moments in Stand By Me , but the results are laughably atrocious . Still , I was all prepared to give it 2 stars , but then one of those `` what were they thinking '' moments happen . One of the characters picks up a gun , holds it like a phone , and says `` Jonsey ! I knew you would call ! '' ESP or not , that scene alone signaled the beginning of a mildly bad movie taking sharp turn into Crapsville . Most of the positive reviews found here are from people who have read the book , and ca n't help but bring that experience to their reviews . As a person who never read the book , and is reviewing the movie on it 's own merits , I find it terrible .
 Last night I watched `` Dreamcatcher . '' It was a dreadful movie and I could hardly wait for it to end . Just look at the numbers it got in the Amazon rankings . One star is the greatest category , by far ! Well , that would be my feeling except that the movie is rather well done and the photography is splendid . Same with a lot of the individual scenes . It 's a movie that has received a lot of care . It 's definitely not a cheapie B movie that was completed in a month . I 'm going to give it a two , even through I feel that 's rather generous.Sorry , but I 'm a scientist by training and that 's the way I think about everything . I 've always had trouble enjoying most science fiction and fantasy movies in that I just automatically recognize them to be drivel . There are exceptions . For example , some high-action movies are fun to watch , not for the story but for the action and animations . I greatly enjoy Star Trek things . Sure , they 're drivel , but they 're droll tongue-in-cheek stuff that can be fine entertainment . Well , `` Dreamcatcher '' is n't . How else can I put it ? It 's a bunch of nonsense strung together into a horror movie . Is it scary ? Yes , in places . Who would n't jump when a slime-covered snake-like creature jumps out and attempts to latch on ? Well , there 's a lot of stuff like this in the movie and I suppose an audience would scream . But I watched it in my living room and I just rolled my eyes in disbelief . The story has to do with the discovery of these space aliens in rural New England and the attempt to quarantine and destroy them . Yaawwwnnnn ! Sorry , it 's a long movie and I get bored even thinking about it . To make the story even more difficult to comprehend , there 's a lot of bouncing around from the present to various times in the past . Groan . When you 're already bored to tears , this just makes a difficult-to-understand movie even more so . Who knows ? There 's a few people who really liked it -LRB- 37 out of 242 -RRB- , but I 'd just have to regard it as unmitigated nonsense , but rather well done . . Gary Peterson
 Ive been watching alot of King movies lately and I must say this has to be one of his worst films . The movie is a mess and I could hardly tell what was going on half the time . He takes elements of some of his best work and weave it into this story but it doesnt work . If you want to watch a King movie about four friends watch the timeless Stand By Me . If you want a movie about friendship and a little horror mixed it , watch It . This movie just plain sucked .
 The first 10 or so minutes of this movie were ok . It was the rest of them that sucked . The idea was pretty good , alien comes , people die . Had it not been blogged down by so many plot holes and just plain goofy situations , it just might have been good . Morgan Freeman , who usually is lights out when it comes to acting , really screws up here . Attempting to play that token over the edge army guy , he slips about a billion times , i never bought it . The one scene where i pretty much gave up all hope in this movie pulling a comeback was when Thomas jane calls Jonesy on the gun ... i mean that was just stupid , especially that Tom Sizemore was not the least bit weirded out . The end was weak , especially for Stephen King . I actually thought to myself before it happened , `` What could be the worst possible way to end this movie ? '' and then that idea occured in the movie . Weak , pointless , and all out disappointing . So much more could have come from this movie , yet it took the low road and collapsed .
 I read this book recently while traveling - like most Stephen King novels , the book holds the reader 's attention - with sufficient descriptions , narratives and character development . Unfortunately , this adaptation significantly deviates from the story 's plot , is not a true representation of how the tale is told in King 's novel . In fact , there are several scenes that are not representative of anything in the novel and the distortion of a solid sci fi/horror story is very disappointing . If you 've read the book I 'm sure that you 'll find yourself numerous times wanting to turn off the movie and retain your fond memories of a good read .
 It generally is n't worth thinking too hard about movies like Dreamcatcher , but as I finished watching it with my friends , one of them asked an excellent question
 Is this movie about and what I did not understand was what aliens had to do with indian dreamcatchers ??? The movie starts out well but about 45 minutes into it loses its focus and plot and everything else ... My fiance and I could not even finish the movie , King should have focused more on a different plot line without aliens , and been more involved with the childhood friends and their little `` odd '' friend . The past scenes with them as kids was the only really entertaining thing about this movie and I wish there had been more like the story in the movie with the evil clown -LRB- cant remember the name -RRB- . This movie was awful .
 I was really looking forward to this movie , since Dreamcatcher is my favorite Stephen King novel . Kasden , Freeman , Sizemore ... how could you go wrong . Well , I wish I had rented instead of purchased . The characters are very shallow in the movie , a byproduct of making a huge King novel into a two hour flick . The characters in the book are what makes the read so compelling . Without the depth of the characters the movie becomes a paint-by-numbers exercise.The aliens look slick in the film which is a plus . The acting is good by everyone involved . The rest of the film is thin . Even if I had n't been a fan of the book I would still be disappointed by this movie.Save yourself some money and rent this one if you really need to see it .
 Really i mean it ... besides Morgan Freemans HUGE eyebrows , the stupid plot , the talkin into a gun , the monsters that look -LSB- phallic -RSB- ... oh wait and some guy shot down a helicopter with a uzi from the ground ... and the explosion was huge . . i thought a nuke went off ... . and did ne one listen to the horrible lines in the movie ... . and thank god jason lee got that tooth pick ... . wow what a horrible horrible movie ... if ne one buys this movie ... please buy it to make fun of ... if u do then it isnt that bad of a buy ... . but other than that ... the movie is really horrible ... a spoon in my eye would be more fun then watching this movie again ... u think i am kidding ... horrible ... all i have to say ... horrible ... AND SINCE WHEN DID ALIENS HAVE BRITISH ACCENTS !!!
 Expecting anything good from this movie was a mistake seeing how the novel was a hodge-podge of themes previously developed in King 's better work . You 'd have to say at this point that he is recycling characters and issues in order to make his fans happy . And there is nothing wrong with that . Certainly , a lot of the themes that are King favorites - childhood bonds , alcoholism , lost innocence , and standing up to fear - are worthwhile . His focus on what is common to most of us is why his work is so popular . He writes about regular people living in locales of little interest to literary snobs . No wonder he 's never attained the reputation he deserves . You can read King with the goal of learning about Middle America and come away much the better.That said , two talented and experienced filmmakers decided to ignore the few positive aspects of the novel . Instead we get `` special effects '' the equivalent of something you might see on the FX channel or an average Star Trek
 ONE DAY DURING THEIR CHILDHOOD , A GROUP OF FRIENDS SAVE A YOUNG BOY FROM SOME BULLIES . IN RETURN , THEY GET AN AMAZING POWER THAT ALLOWS THEM TO KNOW THINGS . WHEN THEY REUNITE DECADES LATER , THEY MUST USE THIS POWER TO SAVE THE WORLD FROM A MENACE LIKE NO OTHER . I TRYED TO GIVE THIS A CHANCE , BUT THIS MOVIE IS UNDENIABLY BORING . MUCH OF THIS MOVIE IS POINTLESS . IT TRYS TO GET EXCITING TOWARD THE END , BUT IT WAS WAY TOO LATE TO SAVE THIS TIME-WASTER . THE WHOLE CAST IS WASTED , ESPECIALLY MORGAN FREEMAN , WHO PLAYS AN ALIEN HUNTER . THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST BORING HORROR/SCI-FI MOVIES I 'VE SEEN IN YEARS . AND TO THINK THAT THIS GOD AWFUL MOVIE WAS BASED ON A STEPHEN KING NOVEL IS VERY UNBELIEVABLE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY ON THIS TRASH . BELIEVE ME , IT 'S DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT .
 I 'm undecided as far as worst movie of 2003 . So far it 's a toss up between DAREDEVIL and this silly mess of a film which actually had an inticing trailer . Goofy dialogue , uneven pacing , horrid fx , several different plotlines -LRB- all in different generes -RRB- , and lots of farting sum up what only begins to mar a project that should have been a no brainer smash . I am in shock that this movie was directed by LAWRENCE KASDAN . This guy wrote RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK for Christ 's sake . As this film progresses you get the feeling that it read better as the STEPHEN KING novel . DREAMCATCHER has no redeeming qualities in it 's seemingly endless running time . All talent is thoroughly wasted and it 's really a shame , especially when someone like MORGAN FREEMAN has lines to deliver like , '' ... these are people , they drive Chevrolets , they shop at Wall Mart , they never miss an episode of Friends . They 're true Americans . '' Absolutely dumb . And that line is pretty much right out of the book . If you 're going to make a book into a movie , take liberty and make your own vision , not a mish mash of previously viewed movies and ideas . Probably pitched as a science fiction , horror , action film , DREAMCATCHER 's execution falls short in those regards and then some .
 I thought they dont make 'm that bad any more . `` Dreamcatcher '' easily qualifies as one of the worst films in recent time and how anyone could give this more than 1 star is absolutely beyond me.Story in summary
 God , I ca n't even begin to describe how BAD this movie is . I mean , seriously . Some movies , you can sit through , enjoy a few moments , and generally feel okay about spending the 5 or 6 bucks to see it . Not so much for -LRB- generally good -RRB- director Lawrence Kasdan 's sloppy , horribly written -LRB- by William Goldman , the guy who bashed `` Gangs of New York '' but made a movie that makes `` Gangs '' look like `` Citizen Kane '' -RRB- adaptation of hack writer Stephen King 's novel . It 's not even that the acting is so bad , or other technical elements of it fail . The plot is so diffuse and preposterous , first of all , and the movie mainains absolutely no focus whatsoever . The group of guys and the Morgan Freeman-as-the-jerk-army-guy subplot do n't mix well , and then Donnie Wahlberg as the grown-up Duddits is perhaps the saddest display of `` look at how far my career has gone downhill '' I 've ever seen . I think the main problem with the film is the way that Goldman adapted it for the screen , so I wo n't lambast Kasdan too much for it . Nonetheless , it 's an abominably horrible film , and he should be ashamed to say he directed `` The Big Chill '' AND this . Not to mention the actors that show promise but end up playing evil twins with British accents and get mauled in the crotch by a giant slug-thing . Is it really as bad as it sounds ? YES , and more . Save yourself the money and do n't buy it . Save yourself the time and do n't rent it . Save yourself period and never watch the single worst movie of 2003 .
 i have yet to see this movie .2 copies have both froze upat the same spot . wouldnt play on any of my dvd players . -LRB- 3 -RRB- amazon was great about returns and refunds , but noexplanation . avoid this movie !
 Same ol' King crap . Little plot , lots of action , OH , OH here come the monsters , eek , splash . The man has not written a good book since Carrie . Just a rehash and combination of old stuff . Frankly not worth my time . Sorry I wasted it .
 Stand By Me , Men in Black , Independence Day , Outbreak , What Dreams May Come , the segment of Creepshow with fast-reproducing alien fungus , any Toxic Avenger movie , Deliverance , Forrest Gump.Frappe ' 'em all together in a blender and strain away most of the entertainment value and plot line conclusions . Add a dash of poor acting and cheesey , unconvincing dialogue . Garnish with special effects.Voila , you 've created Dreamcatcher . Watch and TRY to enjoy , though it 's doubtful you will .
 I can not get you far enough away from this movie . Made the mistake of renting it on DVD and feel cheated out of $ 3.95 and the 2.5 hours of my life that I will never get back . I cringed at the dialogue throughout this movie . The acting was horrible . The delivery of lines was forced . The editing -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- was bad . The transitions between scenes were a laugh . Morgan Freeman 's performance in particular was ridiculous and over the top . There was absolutely no suspense . Zero character development . You find yourself not caring about any of the characters and just hoping that they all die quickly to bring the movie to a swift end . No such luck . I sat for 2 + hours waiting for something to get better or to realize that I was missing out on something . I was n't and you wo n't be either . Skip this movie . Rent Alien instead .
 To believe that I wasted over two hours watching this mess is not comforting to me . Usually when I see a movie with such good actors as Morgan Freeman and Jason Lee , I am drawn to it . Clearly this is not a film in which the actors can rise above the material . Is it a warm personal Steven King story like `` Stand By Me ? '' Or is it a typical Steven King horror story ? Who knows ? To me it does not work either way . I thought that there might be something interesting about the relationship of the four main characters and the young man they befriended as children by standing up to bullies who were picking on him . No , we do not get that at all . And , the horror story was completely trite . Even the movie itself knows this , calling the monster `` Ripley '' after Sigourney Weaver 's character in the `` Alien '' movies . But , trying to be two different things insured that neither worked . The ending ? Makes little or no sense even within the context of fantasy .
 Ok , stayed up until 1AM watching this piece of garbage last night , and boy , was it a waste of time ! As the description says , it 's a hodge-podge of almost every Stephen King story out there
 I wo n't be the first to write on the schizophrenic mess this film is , but having squirmed my way through this film I need to ` exorcise ' the ill feeling it gave me.I 've had a firm belief that , beyond `` Carrie -LSB- ' 76 -RSB- '' , `` Salem 's Lot -LSB- ' 79 -RSB- '' and `` the Shining -LSB- ' 80 -RSB- '' , all other Stephen King film vehicles are basically the same - churned out with the same flimsy mysticism that chokes his already portentious prose . `` Dreamcatcher '' is the culmination of so many illogical , half-baked ` Stephen King-isms ' that you have to wonder , does Stephen King need to get out more ? The latter day adaptations of his films -LRB- and that horrid `` Kingdom '' debacle on TV -RRB- only confirm that his stories are better left where they came from - a preprogrammed computer which only requires slight name / location changes and ... voila ! A new bestseller.Yuck .
 WOW . This movie is amazingly awful but at the sametime , a fascinating study of how a movie with all the right ingredients -- A-List cast , crew and big budget -- can go so very wrong . It 's almost comical to watch it happen . It would have been an easy movie to dismiss if the whole movie was awful but the start was sugared with such promise of a good movie that it makes the following 2nd half of the movie all the more disappointing . The good part , the 1st half , has the makings of a `` Stand By Me '' with a `` Twilight Zone '' twist . Sounds like a great combo , right ? It is ... for awhile . The acting here is good , you 're revealed interesting things about how these four friends are different , and you get a wonderful sense of the strange and possible dangerous elements lurking in the background . And moreover you 've got some genuinely funny dialog here that balances the anticipation of horror in the air.All this falls apart in 2nd half with the introduction of the military and the following events that lead to a hilariously inept climax -LRB- entirely different from the novel -RRB- . I 've read the book beforehand , which I surprisingly enjoyed -LRB- not King 's best but was fun -RRB- , and I wish the Director and screenplaywriter decided to have taken more liberties and been less faithful to the book . Yes . Maybe even to the point of rewriting the whole second half so they could make it dwell more on the four friends , which was the strength of the book anyway . So few filmmakers get Stephen King 's right-on , its not the plot , which is sometimes clunky and implausible , but King 's characters and his unique ability to get into thier heads and to make the reader like or hate them with passion . Take that aspect away and you get a mess , as we watch here in the 2nd half of the movie . What is frustrating , was that we get this done right in the 1st half . See `` Stand by Me '' and `` Shawshank Redemption '' for character driven film adaptations of King 's work.Damian Lewis -LRB- from Band of Brother mini-series -RRB- who plays Jonesy does a splendid job in a very difficult role , and the cinematography is wonderfully filmed by James Newton Howard -LRB- you might remember his great camera work from M. Night Shyamalan 's `` Signs '' and `` Sixth Sense '' -RRB- . If you must see it , watch for the bathroom scene . Its classic Stephen King -- everyday life gone oh-so-wrong . Only he can make a toilet an object of both fear and humor .
 I just could n't let this one go without giving it the praise it richly deserves . I do n't know whether to give `` Dreamcatcher '' one star or five stars . As a bad film , it 's up there with the classic bad ones . It 's one of those movies which is on cable repeatedly and becomes a guilty pleasure just to laugh at whenever it 's on -LRB- I caught it on cable , and am glad I did n't slap down $ 9.50 just to walk out -RRB- . First of all , the story 's so haphazard and clumsily directed you just give up about a half-way into it . It ai n't gon na get any better , and probably will get worse . And damn , does it get worse ... One minute it 's a psychological/mystical thriller about telepathy . Next minute it 's horror schlock . And back and forth . Chock full of inappropriate & clumsy humorous notes which dissipate the suspense . Horrendously pseudo-hip and mock-military dialogue . One character gets taken over by the aliens and speaks with a British accent so we know it 's the alien talking , and we 're treated to some illuminating highschool freshman symbolism of his trapped personality looking through a window on the events . Nice . The scene where Jason Lee is sitting on a toilet with a `` butt weasel '' trapped beneath should be frightening , but is just ridiculous . That scene is symptomatic of the whole thing
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life , and if I could , I would give it no stars . It even insults the average action/horror fan 's intelligence or appreciation for some type of entertainment . I mean , this was n't even engaging in any way , shape or form . Actually , I take that back , Donnie Wahlberg as a retard was pretty funny .
 This movie was so stupid and boring that I fell asleep while watching it . People I seriously do not recommend this movie . It is just stupid and nasty . WTF is the point of giving the children special powers when they get slaughtered anyway ? Completly and udderly TRASH
 Director
 DREAMCATCHER starts out great . We are shown four friends in four locations , each demonstrating some psychic ability . The four guys get together in a deepwoods cabin for beers and laughs -LRB- as they have for the last twenty years -RRB- . Then , two of them -LRB- Henry and Pete -RRB- leave on an excursion in the truck , while the other pair -LRB- Jonesy and Beav -RRB- go deerhunting around the cabin . A strange hunter wanders into camp , seeming dazed and injured . Now , up until this point all is well , tension and dread are building , and the mystery is intriguing . Jonesy brings the poor hunter into the cabin where he -LRB- the hunter -RRB- begins stinking up the place with acrid fart gas . To make matters worse , he waddles into the bathroom and gives birth to a 15 pound turd with teeth . Jonesy and Beav must now do battle with this sewer shark from beyond the stars ! It 's in the toilet bowl and it wants out ! So , of course Jonesy and Beav split up , and the brown bass escapes . Beav is killed and Jonesy encounters an even bigger alien , who promptly enters Jonesy and possesses him . Meanwhile , Henry and Pete crash the truck trying to avoid a woman sitting in the middle of the road . It turns out that she too is `` pregnant '' with a poop monster ! Henry leaves the woman with Pete and sets out to get help . Pete drinks about fifty beers , gets plastered , and blithers on to the woman . Unfortunately , Pete does n't notice that she 's fallen over dead and he just keeps talking to her . The impacted parasite she 's been carrying around exits her posterior , tunnels through a snowbank , and attacks poor inebriated Pete . Pete fights valiantly , burning the creeping stink-log in the campfire . Back at the cabin , Henry finds the shredded remains of Beav and the hunter and a bizarre fungus growing on everything at an astounding rate . He burns the place to the ground . Enter Morgan Freeman as a crazy army colonel on a mission to eradicate the alien invaders by wiping out anyone who 's come in contact with them . Tom Sizemore is the man who must stop Freeman . Both actors must have received big bucks to be in this steaming pile . Donnie Wahlberg is `` Duddits '' , the mentally retarded alien hero of the story . Watch out evil aliens , he 's gon na getcha ! This would / could have been a really cool movie . Unfortunately , it runs out of steam after 20 minutes and just rolls down that old hill , off that cliff , and into the cosmic crapper . P.U. ...
 At first , the movie seems pretty good and shows some potential . But then it slows down ... way down ... and then picks up a little bit with some ass-aliens , then mashes in some kind of crazy-general alien hunter side plot and also explores what it might be like inside the memory banks of a person . The movie is just so slow and so boring that I practically fell asleep watching it . The ending , which I wo n't spoil , had me laughing out loud -LRB- the best part of the movie for the wrong reason -RRB- . I thought , `` Hey , what if that retard was ... '' and then it happened . A classically bad horror ending at it 's worst .
 `` Dreamcatcher '' is approximately what you 'd get if you crossed `` Starship Troopers '' with `` Stand By Me '' and told it with all the narrative complexity of a fart joke . Four friends , bound since childhood by a psychic connection forged when they rescued a retarded companion from grade-school bullies -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- , are now disgruntled thirtysomethings enjoying their annual weekend hunting trip in the Maine woods when along comes a bunch of cavity-invading aliens and a maverick paramilitary outfit to spoil their day . Caught between the over-zealous quarantiners -LRB- played with unintentional `` Catch 22 '' - like comedy by Morgan Freeman and Tom Sizemore -RRB- and an all-consuming alien fungus , our friends start to get picked off one by one . But will their retarded pal - who may or may not be an alien - be able to save them and the planet in time ? Do we even need to ask ? Movies adapted from Stephen King 's stories fall into two categories
 Geeez , what a truly horrible mess this movie turned out to be ! And with such a talented cast and crew , you would 've thought it be at least a decent flick . It 's like someone threw 4 Stephen King novels into a blender , turned it up on high for an hour , and then poured this unforgivable gunk out and this was used as the working script . First , the few good words of praise . The cast is good , the technical stuff is slick , too , and I liked the first , tall alien that appears in the log cabin . Now , for the minuses . I am totally , absolutely nauseated with this whole `` cute '' wave of bathroom crud that you see in recent movies . I have a weak stomach and get so completely enraged when everyone in different scenes thinks it 's hiliarious when someone passes gas or belches , etc. . In this nightmare , the bathroom sequence alone can make you want to hurl . You 're shown in gory , explicit detail how the alien emerges from human into our world . And oh , yeahhhh , it comes with sound effects , too . Somehow , the script jumps to a childhood sequence where our fab five use their extrasensory powers and discover a missing girl . `` Jonesy '' is the appalling , `` cute '' little misfit that only a mother -- or in this case -- our fab four could love . He was so smart-assy neurotic that I could understand why the bullies wanted to beat the hell out of him . And Morgan Freeman ! What an embarassment ! It looks like he walked through his scenes to just collect that multi-million dollar paycheck . He has one expression that looks carved on his face
 I was warned by many to avoid this film . I even saw this movie given 1 star in a local newspaper that is forgiving in its rating system . I was intrigued to see just how bad this movie is . Now I can relate with all who have seen this pathetic excuse for a movie . The acting is horrible ! Jason Lee sounds embarrassed to be spouting his horrible dialogue , Tom Sizemore is just glad his role is a supporting character who dies before the end of the story , and Morgan Freeman is simply desperate for any role to take on such putrid filth . Then there are the child actors who were cast because they look right for their parts regardless of the fact none of them can act at all . This story is a supernatural-sci-fi-horror yarn about an alien invasion by worm-like creatures that gestate in the bowels of animals until it is time for them to lay eggs . The scenario involves tainting the Boston water supply with alien parasites . Okay , fine . The alien craft that is shown at one point is huge and obviously technically superior to anything we measly humans could create so why has n't the invasion succeeded ? Why not just crash a parasite-laden alien ship into Lake Michigan and begin with Chicago instead ? I suppose Boston is closer to Stephen King 's home in Maine so the story should be close by . The plot is plainly stupid . I can not believe the once great Lawrence Kasdan was at all involved in this film , let alone responsible for the screenplay , production , and direction . With this chaotic , confusing , ridiculous movie his career has definitiely turned a corner ... and straight into oncoming traffic ! Avoid this film .
 All I can say is the three best things about this flim is actors = Morgen Freeman Jason Lee & Timothy Olyphant-Dreamcatcher -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- If anyone thinks something else oh well , to each His/Her own .
 The first part of this movie starts off great . It has a nice look and follows the plot in the book . Then in the middle of the movie it veers off into its own direction . The characters just do n't make sense at that point.Perhaps the story would have been better told as a miniseries so the makers of the film would n't have had to cut corners .
 This is a horror movie about poop . Yes , there are aliens and government conspiracies , but all the tension and horror in this movie revolves around the human digestional tract , bad gas , and the toilet . Still interested?The only kudos I will concede to this movie are
 I read dreamcatcher and loved it . It was my first King book , and i was very excited when i heard there was a film . I was hoping the thrilling , cinematic quality of the book would have been transfered to the big screen with precision and brilliance . And what do i get ? An absolutely crazy film that should be a comedy but somehow is n't . It has something to do with Lawrance Kasdan 's direction , and it 's prominent throughout the film . It 's maddeningly fast-paced , as you jitter from scene to scene with little or no explanation as to what 's going on . No passion or emotion has been injected into it , and though the characters look and play the part -LRB- apart from Morgan Freeman , who has been grossly miscast as Kurtz -RRB- , they are n't allowed any time to show what they can do before we are whisked away to another scene . All the far fetched stuff that worked so well in the novel looks ridiculous in the film
 I watched this film -LRB- against my better judgment after seeing some of the celluloid sludge made from King 's other novels -RRB- and am now curious about what exactly got hacked out of the book in order to make this ineffective movie.The story makes a pact with us , the viewers
 Bad acting and cardboard characters aside - the profanity in this movie is nauseating . It 's pretty bad when you have to buy the DVD so you can use the guardian filter just to watch the movie .
 I have NEVER walked out of a movie , however , I walked out of this one . This movie sucked so much . It would have not only been a waste of money , but time . I lost the money , but I sure as heck saved my time by walking out of the film .
 I am anazed that directors and actors still make movies from the books of Steven King . I have never read a book or seen a movie of his that was not stupid and senseless . He does not write good science fiction or ghost stories . The closest I can come to a discription is `` cesspool full of raw sewage '' . He might get rich with this but it is scary to think there are people out there that enjoy such crap . NOT recommended for anyone , ever . I am surprised that a good actor like Morgan Freeman appeared in this , must be about money .
 Starts out well , but all down hill from there . Terrible .
 I gave this movie 2 stars basically because of the gore and special effects . It 's hard to believe that Morgan Freeman agreed to make this movie . This is one of those geez , what a letdown movie . -LRB- ... -RRB- , I 'm sure the book was much better ! Four friends , each with their own special powers , must come together to stop a entity that is trying to take their lives . Freeman plays a alien hunter . Not a true horror film . This is another one of those movies that I bought first -LRB- cheap , thank goodness -RRB- without renting it . I hope other people do n't make the same mistake !!
 I can honestly say that along with Godzilla , this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen , and I am not even that picky when it comes to movies .
 The script is worth $ 1 , a little more than the other Stephen King novels-turned-to-movies . What does the dreamcatcher have to do with anything in the movie ?
 Please , if you have a brain do NOT buy this or rent this movie.Save yourself $ 25 if you 're gunna buy it or Save yourself $ 3 if you 're gunna rent it ... most of all you do n't want to waste 2 and a half hours of your life when you can be doing more important things that watching this horrible movie.I have n't read the book , but this movie was bad , and I am sure the book is n't too good as well . Stephen King is known for making horrible movies , very cheesey and ... just ugh ... this one was the worst ever!It seemed like an interesting movie at first , then it just went downhill after the first 20 mins.I can not even think of why Morgan Freeman would take on such a stupid script ... and also Jason Lee , he 's not that great of an actor . . but I like him and now ... I do n't know anymore . It 's horrible ! The Aliens must have gotten to Stephen King 's readers/watchers cause I do n't know who in the their right mind would rent/buy/read / watch anything by that man .
 I have n't seen many Stephen King movies and I 've only read a couple of his books , but I have to say that this is the weakest offering of those I 've read or seen . It unfortunately is just not scary . As many other reviewers have alluded to - there is plenty of blood , crude flatulence jokes , and a decided lack of suspense.I think the most exciting aspect of a horror movie - particularly one that is not awash in gore is the uncertainty . The suspense of not knowing what exactly is going on . The movie started off with this uncertainty - four friends with some type of ESP powers and a strange young boy that somehow connects them . At first , I was really into the movie . Then they brought the aliens in , a deranged military `` boss '' -LRB- there is no saluting and no titles in Blue Group ! - what crap -RRB- . After what I felt was a strong beginning - the movie degenerates into camp . No real good chills . Just a lot of blood.If you 're a Stephen King fan , I 'm sure you 'll add it to your collection . Otherwise , I 'd recommend taking a pass .
 the movie takes a while for it to come into gear but when the alien invasion starts the characters start to use these telepathic powers that they got when they were kids , the movie is probably my least favourite stephen king movie and not something you would watch over and over again , the movie drags on alot and really is n't set out properly to fit in with the story in my opinion .
 And not in a good way . There were so many things that were not explained in this movie even though it was over 2 hours long . Perhaps the book could help to fill in the clues . Also , there are weird parts in the movie that I assume are supposed to be funny -LRB- ie. , the one guy uses a gun like a telephone to communicate through esp -RRB- but they just wind up being strange . This movie was not at all like I expected it to be .
 This has to be one of the strangest mainstream films ever made , but i 'm not sure that was entirely intentional . The first part of the movie sets things up well - classic chiller you might say -LRB- strange virus , atmospeheric Maine woods -RRB- . Why then did the producers decide to turn the rest of the film into a made for tv b-movie ? Damian Lewis 's possession is hilarious , but is this the intended effect ? You 're left in little doubt that the film makers must be having fun with the audience when the next part of the film plays like some dreaful Independence day type nonsense , with Morgan Freeman completely wasted - he feels tagged on . And after all this , watching the end credits would make you think you 'd just been watching Ghostbusters . This is a dreaful but enjoyable film .
 Lots of great British actors held prisoner in a boring story with terrible dialog . You know it 's bad when the costumes and sets are more interesting than the story . My time would have been better spent watching funny cat videos on the internet .
 I had never seen this movie , so I purchased a copy of it based on the multitude of glowing reviews describing it as a `` marvelous period piece '' , `` exhilarating '' , and `` a masterpiece '' . No doubt these reviewers sincerely loved this movie . But be warned that most of the glowing reviews have left out some vital details , and they in no way prepare you for the assault that you will be subjected to when you watch this movie . This is not a particularly well done movie , nor is it an easy or pleasant viewing experience . I hope the missing details I fill in here will help others avoid the same mistaken purchase I made.I was interested in this movie because of the star , the late Nigel Hawthorne , who also co-starred in `` Yes Minister '' , my favorite British TV sitcom of all time . Hawthorne was so marvelous in that sitcom that I wanted to see more of his work . Unfortunately , Hawthorne died shortly after making `` The Madness of King George '' , and this movie is so bad that it tarnishes his acting legacy and leaves one scratching one 's head as to why he did it . Hawthorne 's performance here is not very strong , and relies mostly on crude gimmickry to propel it forward . Many reviewers described this movie as a comedy . That may leave you with the wrong impression . It is by no means a comedy . It tries to insert some comic relief here and there , but most of that is so heavy-handed that it falls on its face . This is a heavy and ponderous movie , with very little genuine levity.In this movie , a relatively sane King George lapses into madness shortly after the movie begins , and with very little transition . One moment he 's normal , and the next moment he 's totally bonkers with no warning . He starts with a mad rampage through the castle , during which he busts into a woman 's bedroom and demands that she hand him her `` pish pot '' . The startled woman complies , and King George proceeds to hike up his night shirt and urinate into the pot . The folks in attendance note that his urine is blue . From here the movie takes a long and relentless descent into an obsession with excrement and other bodily functions . In fact , if this movie is to be believed , King George 's madness consisted mainly of his inability to control his bodily functions , much to the embarrassment of the other members of the King 's court . One early doctor who attends to the mad King is himself obsessed with bowel movements , and constantly banters joyfully about `` fetid stools '' and the like . At one point , the mad king is outdoors on another mad rampage and suddenly gets the uncontrollable urge to defecate . He drops his drawers and defecates against a wall while those in attendance watch helplessly . In far too many scenes there is the frequent handing off of pots of the King 's urine samples to various people in attendance , and the director played this up by making sure the sloshing sound of the urine was front and center in the audio mix . Not realistic at all . In reality , if there had actually been this much sloshing about , there would n't be a drop of urine left in the pot . Phony effects like this one give this movie a hokey quality . One has to wonder whether all of these sensational public potty activities actually happened in the prudish royal court of the time . One gets the sense that very little historical research was done prior to writing the script . For example , there was one conversation between several courtly ladies in which they were complaining about the `` bathroom noises '' that men make . The blooper in that scene is that there was no such thing as a `` bathroom '' back in those days . There are many similar historical bloopers in this movie . One of them was that it was never explained just what was the purpose of collecting all of the King 's excretions . This was taking place during the period of the American Revolution . There was no biochemistry or medical science as we now know it , and no way to analyze the samples to determine whether there was a physiological cause to the King 's madness . Unfortunately for this movie , the hokiness does n't end here . It keeps getting worse.Very little effort was put into making this movie look realistic for the period . The actors have to be sporting the goofiest , fakest looking wigs in the history of movie making . The costumes are n't much better , looking more like what folks nowadays would wear to a garish masquerade ball to stereotype the look of past ages . The movie could have benefited greatly if it had a top notch art director with impeccable aesthetic judgment , such as Cedric Gibbons from the golden age of Hollywood . But I think the weakest feature of this movie is the unrealistic portrayal of the characters . Most of the characters were so bizarre and exaggerated that they came across more as caricatures in a farce or satire than real historical figures . Virtually all of the characters seem silly and pompous , and none of them are allowed to develop and get fleshed-out enough to be believable . Yet this movie was supposed to be an effort to seriously portray the subject matter and the period . Most of the performances are weak . Helen Mirren , who plays the Queen , is unable to realistically portray the range of conflicting and gut-wrenching emotions that a supposedly loving wife would be going through . She just could n't get a handle on her character . Geoffrey Palmer , who along with Hawthorne is another great British sitcom actor I love -LRB- he played Lionel Hardcastle in the TV series , `` As Time Goes By '' -RRB- also seems to have no idea what to do with his character . As the movie progresses , he starts to have the look of a deer caught in the headlights . It 's as if he realized that he was involved in a real stinker , but by that time it was too late to pull out . In fact , many of the actors have this same look.This is one of the few movies wherein I experienced a feeling of relief when it was over . The movie ends almost as abruptly as it started , with the King suddenly getting his marbles back . Once again , the transformation is abrupt with almost no transition from madness to sanity . The doctor in attendance seems to take the credit for the cure , but it is never made clear what the cause or the cure was ! Even though this movie was n't made in Hollywood , it seems like modern Hollywood at its goofiest . The entire movie has an aire of the contrived , with little effort to comport with historical fact . It reminds me a lot of the 1984 movie `` Amadeus '' , which made the similar pretense of being a biographical movie about the great composer , Mozart , but was actually one of the hokiest movies ever made . That movie transformed the musical genius into a buffoon who was obsessed with childish pranks such as breaking wind in public . It also concocted the implied murder of Mozart by his contemporary and supposed rival , composer Solieri . Yet there is not a shred of historical evidence . All of the historical information points to the fact that these two composers were good friends , not rivals . The point is , if you liked `` Amadeus '' and had no problem with the liberties it took in re-writing and sensationalizing history in order to make a quick buck , then you will probably also like `` The Madness of King George '' . They are in the same vein . But if you believe that it takes better judgment and higher standards to produce a movie that is both quality entertainment and an enduring work of art , then I doubt if you will like this movie . In that case I suggest that you tread cautiously and find an inexpensive way to watch `` The Madness of King George '' before deciding to purchase it .
 `` The Madness of King George '' is far from an excellent movie and a must see but nevertheless it 's still both fun and wonderful to watch . The costumes and sets are great and Sir Nigel Hawthorne really carries the movie with his wonderful performance.The film starts slow - v e r y s l o w - and I almost shut it off . What surprised me after seeing this movie , was that it was more a drama than a comedy . There is nothing in the dialogue that is interesting , or poetic , or transcendent , or makes you think . None of the acting was particularly outstanding ; the performances have been vastly overrated . All in all , you can do much worse .
 a huge disappointment . i slipped this in expecting to be enthralled and wound up having to re-watch significant portions because i kept falling asleep . nigel hawthorne is a favorite . so are helen mirren , and geoffrey palmer , and the two ruperts -LRB- graves & everett -RRB- . i respect nicholas hytner . and i found absolutely nothing in this movie worth my time . the only interesting thing is they had to shift the title in america from `` the madness of george III '' out of concern that american audiences would stay away in fear they had missed part I and part II . they neednt have worried .
 The one star of my review goes solely to Nigel H. , or Sir Humpy , as he 's better known . He 's great , of course and as always . But unfortunately that 's it ! There are no other redeeming qualities whatsoever in this inaccurate and rather uncomfortable close-up of the 18th century medical torture.The doctors appear more like Nazi camp torturers possessing both limitless and evil authority over their poor victims as well as the most blood curdling taste for random and most unusual cruelties . The rest of the royals come across as powerless rabble subject to every perverted whim of the political schemers that seem to conspire , to beyond excess , in almost every scene , carrying out puzzling , self-conflicting , and of course totally unexplained agendas . This bit reeks of that undenyably impeccable Hollywood touch adding to the already dismal pointless ambiance of the film that necessary touch of extra nightmare for the coke-guzzling , action-thriller-eating , and mind-lazy yankee viewers.The parliament is shown as a kniving mob of back stabbing , closet monarchy haters , and country traitors . Perhaps , most astonishingly of all , the queen is portrayed as a loving , gentle , so woman-like hapless creature somehow caught up , against her will , in the lavish opulence of the throne . In fact , the film goes as far as having the viewer believe that what little power the queen had seemed to wield was completely razed by the somehow emerging , apparently nationwide , plot to simply give the king a good torture . She is shown pathetically helpless and forced to abandon the crown for the psychotic torments.The less said about the depiction of the supporting cast , the better , as , for instance , all the ladies of the court are shown as nothing else but immoral call girls.The movie , instead of showing the dynamics of the emergent chasm between the politically weakening crown and the momentum-gaining parliament , indulges itself in hours of truly hard-to-watch and emotionally exploiting scenes of agonising cruelty.Most shockingly , the film ends with a statement of retrospective diagnosis which dares to blame some very rare medical condition for the hours of horrid entertainment instead of the director , the screenwriter , and the producers of this flop.It is hard to figure out the point of it . Why watch evil doctors torture a man for 90 minutes?The diagnosis statement perhaps sheds some light on this , as it makes a thought cross one 's mind . It seems very unlikely since blue urine discharge can only point to poisoning , not any known disease.But could George III have been poisoned ? Yes , you see , a very touchy subject indeed . It 's the same as asking today whether Lady Di could have been murdered in the motorway tunnel in France or whether Lady Di could herself have tried poisoning her husband 's squeeze , as some royal sources suggest today ? The monarchy will have none of it ! It must exonerate itself by any means possible ! Maybe , that 's the point of it all . Even if it means boring and pointless movies for the subjects.You 're well advised to save your time and money . If you want to see Nigel H. , which you should , watch the Yes -LRB- Prime -RRB- Minister series . -- ALL THUMBS , FINGERS AND TOES DOWN -- R. Friedman
 This is the most ridiculous and absurd piece of trash I have ever seen.I picked it up on the recommendation of the local film critic flyer , and , first off , let me explain that DIARY OF A SEX ADDICT is not a film in any sense of the word . It 's an experiment shot on someone 's camcorder and edited haphazardly probably on someone 's home television system.How in the name of art the producers were able to lure credible acting talent -LRB- the likes of which include Rosanna Arquette and Nastassia Kinski -RRB- to participate in this lurid sexploitation -LRB- that , incidentally , show virtually no nudity -RRB- is beyond me.The story of a high-class restaurant chef who finds himself , in his bored marriage -LRB- ??? -RRB- , addicted to sex with -LRB- literally ANY -RRB- other women is nothing more than a porn-king Peter Pan tale that has no discernible beginning , middle , nor end.The feature is rated R for extreme sexual situations , but , again , there is no sex to be seen or experienced in this film . The story tries to be about the addiction , with staccatoed flashback/inserts that add nothing to the tale , but ends up being little more than a waste of film.DO NOT , under any circumstances , rent this picture . I know that we , as people , sometimes enjoy the freakish habit of reading a bad review and figure , `` I 'll rent it for the laughs . '' There are no laughs here . There is only incomprehensible drivel that goes nowhere s-l-o-w-l-y .
 I bought this movie -LRB- tape format -RRB- basically because of the following 3 reasons :1 -RRB- Arquette and Kinsky were in it2 -RRB- Front artwork and title were kind of luring .3 -RRB- Bluckbuster had a discount for it on tape -LRB- 9.99 -RRB- Terrible waste of money and time . Mediocre video mode , from the very start makes it look like the cheapest soap opera . What is worse , bottom line absolutely everything in the movie really ends up reaching the level of the cheapest soap opera you might be able to think of . Arquette 's explosion at the end is indeed the only 10 seconds worth watching as another reviewer said , there 's really nothing else worth the time and money . Given the -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks I had to pay for the tape , that makes those the 10 most expensive seconds of movie material I 've paid for in my life . Do n't waste your time/money unless you want to explore how BAD a movie can be . Do n't even read more reviews , just pick any other DVD , * ANY * other . It wo n't be this bad , trust me .
 What an embarrassment . My main question is why would two such accomplished actresses as Rosanna Arquette and Natassia Kinski fall so low to be in this film ?? I gave it two stars ... one for each actress ... because that 's about all this travesty deserves . And why is it shot on video ?? Lack of budget ? Or is this director trying to make some kind of point by using video ?? The story could be good , but the main character is so totally repulsive and the actor is wrong for the part ; what the audience needs to make this film SOME kind of a success is a protagonist to care about . The film needs a better actor to bring out the self-loathing within the character and at the same time to suggest qualities that would make him likeable so as to gather some kind of sympathy from the audience ; as we have it , this actor makes a few facial grimaces to suggest his conflict , then off we go on another sexual escapade . He 's totally one-dimensional . The direction is awkward and clumsy , and at some points Natassia Kinski looks downright embarrassed to be in this thing.The only thing I found believeable was Grace 's -LRB- Arquette -RRB- reaction at the film 's end , although I severely doubt that ANY wife would be so ignorant all along about her husband 's activities -LRB- `` indiscretions '' sure is n't the word in THIS case -RRB- . See this film only if there 's nothing else in the cinematic world to watch . Maybe one day we 'll have a GOOD film on this topic as it 's one that desperately needs to be explored , and it cries out for a better treatment than what we have -LRB- or lack -RRB- here .
 This trashy B movie attempts to masquerade as a study of sexual addiction , but it is really a poor excuse for a sexploitation flick . The story revolves around Sammy Horn -LRB- subtle name -RRB- played by Michael Des Barres . Sammy is a restaurant owner with a clueless wife Grace -LRB- Rosanna Arquette -RRB- and a young child . He has a sexual addiction and must have meaningless sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision who will agree -LRB- and of course every woman on the planet finds him irresistible despite the fact that he looks old enough to be collecting Social Security -RRB- . The story is centered on a conversation with his therapist -LRB- Nastassja Kinski -RRB- where he is describing each of his sexual exploits via flashback . This is nothing more than a convenient launching point for a parade of serial sex acts , which consumes at least 75 % of the screen time.It is hard to know where to begin criticizing a film this bad . The production values are abysmal . The movie is shot on video with a look somewhere between a TV soap opera -LRB- at best -RRB- and an amateur porn flick shot in someone 's garage . The direction by Joseph Brutsman is horrible with bad lighting , uninspired framing and poor actor direction . The script is vapid and the dialogue mindless and vulgar.Women are generally portrayed as sex obsessed nymphomaniacs just waiting for an addict like Sammy to come along and rough them up while feeding their insatiable appetites with some impersonal copulation . As an example , Grace 's sister comes over to indignantly inform Sammy that she knows he 's been sleeping around and that she is going to tell his wife . His response to that is to throw her up against the wall and begin raping her . About three seconds into it she has an epiphany and is instantly converted to one of his sex disciples begging him to give her more . Just as they finish Grace walks in and sis says to her , `` Oh , great to see you , got ta run to pick up Timmy '' and mum 's the word about Sammy 's indiscretions . The bond of loyalty has been sealed with a good ravishment . No spoiler here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who had seen the first fifteen minutes could have predicted it.The sex depictions are all overdone , mechanical , and so poorly simulated that they are more comical than erotic . Most of them are done with both participants fully clothed . The acting is wretched . Michael Des Barres presents all the depth of a rain puddle . He really seems to get into the thrusting and profanity of the sex parts , but when it comes to actually acting with Arquette and Kinski , he is adrift . Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this film , giving a bearable performance and looking genuinely hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lecherous animal . Nastassja Kinski is far too compassionate as the therapist , but at least we have some acting happening here . The rest of the cast is just a collection of elevated body doubles to whom they give thought provoking lines like `` hit me harder , is that the best you can do ? '' and `` Oh , God ... YES '' . This movie is among the worst I have ever seen , a dubious distinction given the thousands of films I have viewed . I have given it the extremely rare dishonor of rating it 1/10 . Not to be seen within three hours of any meal .
 If you want to see someone post some woman against a wall and grind like he 's going out of his silly mind , you might like this one . I personally did n't . The sex is simulated and all the main character does is lie to his wife and ` poke ' every woman he sees . He ends up with a close call , which makes you disgusted with him all together . I hate myself for buying this movie . As a matter of fact , there is no movie . It 's stupid sex that is n't even real .
 This is the worst FRAUD movie I have ever seen announcing a very big star like Nastassja Kinski and you can see her just for some minutes seated and almost only her face .
 This movie is really abysmal . Apart from its promise that it would satisfy everyone 's bestial desires , this movie fails on every level . It 's filmed on digital video , thus the picture quality is questionable . The acting is the pits and the lead actor is just too old and craggy to be someone credible enough to be a casanova . Utter crap , even if the movie is put under the Hong Kong Category 3 genre .
 If you ever had a desire to see Rosanna Arquette nude , then this movie is not the movie to buy . If you want to see beautiful women butt naked , then this movie is not the movie to buy . If you have a good sexual imagination and like to see creative erotic scenes , then this is not the movie to buy . If cinematography on the scale of Dr. Zhivago is your thing , then this is not the movie to buy . If great acting performances are your thing , then do n't buy this movie .
 Disgusting scenes of excess violence toward women and fake orgasms all around make this ridiculous farce seem like a soft-core version of every Porn King 's first feature film . As a further insult , the viewer is subjected to tortuous `` analysis '' via a Rogerian psychiatrist . The featured `` actor '' looks like a janitor in a West Virginia high school ; Rosanna Arquette and Alexandra Paul , who can not be made to look ugly , nevertheless turn in performances that are spoofs of every bad acting class . These people must have desperately needed the money . If they acted for royalties , then their earnings will be about right . Zero .
 I truely wished I would of read the reveiws on this movie before buying it.The artwork looked pretty Trusting , and enticing , But way to much Profanity.The sex scenes were awfull.The only good part was that Beautifull Brunette that they sent up to the guys room just a little toward the end of the movie.But take my advice RENT this before buying . . Or atleast read the other reviews . .
 do n't want to waste much time on this but it is really not a movie . only a mindless and desperate wife will try to force her husband to watch this for saving their marrige . unless , nobody will tell you it 's good . i wasted my money only on natasha kinki but this useless dvd almost made me hate her forever . one star is really too much !
 This is the third one that will not play here in Australia , I orderd it from thr Australian site I was looking forward to watching this one again and world normally have given a 4 or 5 star rating depending on repduction quality.This movie is a classic and I believe it must have been a wrong delivery to Amazon as i do not believe that thay would make this kind of a mistake as my other moves do play and are of high quality.To Amazons credit they are refunding me .
 I bought this movie because it ia my favorite western , however after watching it without any problems , it will no longer play . It was handled with the utmost care , no scratches , did n't touch surface , next time I inserted it , just would not load . All of my other DVD 's work fine.The Big Country
 The film opens on a dusty desert . A dude from the East arrives in town . Jim McKay meets Pat Terrill , his bride to be . Pat refuses Steve Leach 's offer to ride with them . -LSB- Headstrong ? -RSB- The Hennessey 's are out there , they harass McKay as a `` welcome '' . We learn about the rivalry between these two ranching outfits . Major Terrill sets out on a punitive expedition against the Hennesseys -LRB- the smaller outfit -RRB- ; their water tank is drilled to spill their scarce water . Terrill 's outfit rides into town to find and punish the Hennessey boys . The townsmen do nothing , they are terrorized by the Terrill gang.There is a party in the big Terrill house . -LSB- Its interior looks like it belongs in the state capital , not a dusty rural town . -RSB- Mr. Rufus Hennessey shows up to warn Major Terrill against any more attacks . Major Terrill does not accept the challenge -LSB- in public -RSB- . Rufus has a problem with his son Buck , but is Buck smarter after all ? If Buck can marry Julie Maragon then the Big Muddy ranch and its water supply will give the Hennessey 's the power in the valley . Jim McKay goes for a ride in the country ; he has a compass and a map to navigate . Steve Leach is interested in Pat Terrill , but she has made her choice . McKay visits the Maragon ranch , and cleverly convinces the heiress to sell it to him . This will make his a power in the county . Back at the ranch he visits Leach to settle their differences . -LSB- This is all done with long camera shots that hide their stunt doubles . -RSB- The crisis comes when Terrill 's men attack the Hennessey 's herd of cattle to keep them away from the water at the Maragon ranch . This means a range war , shooting begins when talking fails . -LSB- War is the continuation of diplomacy . -RSB- The Hennessey 's are outnumbered and retreat . McKay and Pat break up over a misunderstanding . -LSB- There are other psychological conflicts in this drama . -RSB- Rufus has a plan to get the Big Muddy ranch , but it fails . Then he goes to his back-up plan - a final showdown with Major Terrill and his outfit . -LSB- Could those experienced riders have missed seeing the trap ? -RSB- This story has a surprise at the end . Did you find it believable ? The needlessly ambiguous ending may not have been successful with the public . This film is also too slow-paced for me , it takes up time . This story recalls the many wars of big ranchers against small ranchers in the late 19th century . Like wars in general , it is a fight over property , to get it or to keep it . Will the good guys win ? Which side is that ?
 When the `` Major '' wants to rescue Jean Simmons and make war on the Hennesy 's . `` Leech '' -LRB- Heston -RRB- says I ca n't back you on this Major and all the hands agree . When the Major starts to ride in alone , Leech jumps on his horse and catches up and gets as close as he can to support his boss . Then around the hills comes all the other hands . Heston 's expression is priceless .
 i ordered the dvd the tracking says it was delivered but i have not got it
 The picture and sound are great for this movie . The problems are with using aditional feature like pause , stop , start , etc. . Maybe it is just my DVD player although I have never had trouble with any other DVD or Blu-ray . I had several interuptions when trying to watch the movie and every time I paused or stopped the movie I had to start over from the beginning . Pushing resume or play started at the beginning . I love the movie and liked the quality , but am marking it down because of the inability to control the playing . If you never pause and resume you are OK .
 I love this movie but I hate this DVD . This had to have been copied by high school students , no professional could have done this poor of a job.I have this movie on VHS , on two tapes , and it looks like they copied it from the VHS rather than the original movie stock . The background fades in and out just enough to be noticeable , obviously someone did n't turn off the security feature all the way . In the middle of the movie there is a moment of very dark video similar to the VHS , which fades to black on the first cassette and then fades back in on the second.This is sad and I will make sure to never purchase from this production company again !
 After waiting months for this amazing classic on Blu-ray , I received it in the mail yesterday , ripped it open , popped a HUGE bag of popcorn , ordered pizza , and threw it onto my -LRB- brand new ! -RRB- Sony player to watch it with my wife and kids on my -LRB- brand new ! -RRB- 46 '' Sony bigscreen . Could n't wait , as the old DVD was substandard -LRB- but at least it had correct `` formatting '' -RRB- . Let me explain , as that terminology might be incorrect.First , over Saul Bass 's titles , the horses seemed a bit `` wide . '' Optical illusion ? Tired eyes ? But NO , the real horror hit when Gregory Peck got off of the stagecoach , and instead of looking his normal 6 ' 3 '' , HE APPEARED ABOUT 5 ' 9 '' AND WITH ADDED POUNDS . My kids did n't notice it as they did n't know what to expect , but when I asked my wife , she squinted , then nodded slowly in disbelief , her mouth wide . Then she looked at me , slowly shaking her head.Neither of us said more , but watched with jaws in our laps in mute horror as Greg was greeted by a 5 ' 10 '' Charlton Heston , then was hugged by a 5 ' 1 '' Carroll Baker and was introduced to a 4 ' 6 '' , chubby Jean Simmons . Something was clearly wrong when Chuck Conners and his brothers looked like a family of slightly oversized dwarfs . OFF ! went the Blu-ray -LRB- and I had bought two copies , one to give as a Christmas gift -RRB- ! * SIGH * ON ! went the `` old '' DVD , just to make sure we were n't all hallucinating . If you 're in my boat , try this
 If you like to see adults get beat up then you should definatly buy this movie . That was supposed to be the funniest part of the movie I 'm guessing . If a baby was supposed to be smarter than Albert Einstein I do n't think they would be saying things like `` Diaper Gravy '' . All in all this was the worst movie I 've ever seen . You 'll have to pay me at least $ 100 to ever see it again .
 I 'm sorry to those who liked it but I rented it and it was a waste of money . i fell asleep 40 minutes into it . I do n't know , maybe its just boring to see babies talking like adults . I 'm not bothering to see the 2nd one .
 there 's a definite -LRB- and obvious -RRB- downside to being a movie buff
 It 's the worst movie for children I 've ever seen ! . Was it supposed to entertain the kids ? . My 6 and 7-year old children kept yawning all the time ... The idea behind the `` scientific project '' is scary as it is having those poor children confined in an underground lab . The family running the child care is out of this world and K.Turner overacts . What else ? . Find a better way to entertain your children
 This movie was so dumb ! At first , when I heard it came out , I relly wanted to see it . When I saw it , I was , like , I spent money for a wrong reason . It was stupid ! DUMB1 dUMB !
 Wow , what a Stinker This turned out to be , is there Anyone on Earth who Liked this film , if there Is , I have n't Met them . When your sitting in a Movie Theatre watching a Kids movie , and the Kids around you are Rolling their eyes and Tuning Out , driving there Matchbox cars on the Arm Rests , that is a Sure-Fire Sign that the Makers of the film have Failed to Hook their Target Audience ...
 As a person who never gets offended at anything , I must admit that this film offended me . Rude , crude , dull , and unfunny , it also borders on child pornography in several scenes . The acting is over the top at every turn , especially Kathleen Turner who clearly needs to fire her agent for this one . More than the film however , I am frightened by the fact that I live in a world in which this pile of waste made $ 20 million and people have claimed to laugh ! If this is humorous , what is n't ? Not for adults , not for children ... not even for those so desperate for distraction on a dull Saturday night that they would consider deliberate pain and suffering .
 Most of the time , one star reviews are saved for movies that have n't gotten many , to enlighten the public that the views of my peers are inflated . This one , however , has been nearly universally panned , so the need to write a one star review for it is different . I simply need to reiterate that no matter how cute you may think it is , no matter how much you think your kids might like it , you ca n't condone behavior like making Baby Geniuses.The basic premise is that baby talk is actually intellectual conversation , and that babies lose this ability when they learn how to speak in their native tongue . For actors , there 's a mad scientist played by Psycho Mom Kathleen Turner , Peter MacNicol as a father , who was in Ghostbusters II as the Eastern European guy , and Kim Catrall , currently being easy on Sex in the City , previously making me queasy in the Police Academy series . They more or less start out with a one star movie , but it actually goes down from there.It 's basically a mix of Home Alone shenanagans and babies talking about quantam physics in their diapers . What ? Exactly . This goes past `` nauseating cute '' into `` throwing fecal matter at the screen and hiding under the couch cute . '' If you can stomach this movie , you 're probably a cow and have six to work with .
 If you ever wondered what a look who 's taking meets james bond movie would be like shame on you . It 's ideas like that make crappy movies . Do n't see this movie it 'll be the worst movie you 'll ever see . And if you kid keeps on bugging you to watch with them tell them you have a head ache because by the end you will by the stupity of this film .
 Dont waste your time , just dont ! This movie totally sucked . Not at all what I expected . Why anyone would want to put themselves through this torture is beyond me . I learned my lesson the hard way a few years ago when I picked this garbage up from the `` bargain bin '' at a local video store . Please . . at this point I think Id pay someone to get this movie off of my hands . Thats how bad it is !
 me and my fellow cohorts thought we 'd find a new way to torture ourselves via the medium of motion picture , or `` talkies '' as i perfer to call them . i started it all with `` head '' starring the monkeys , and thought it best i end the torture 3 or so weeks later , after such masterpieces as `` battlefield earth '' , `` kazaam '' , and `` santa with muscles '' , by renting `` da hip hop witch '' -LRB- check the reviews on that , and i think his grudge against me is still in effect -RRB- . but the pain was far from over after we found this `` doozy '' . why was this movie even made ? here 's all i have to say about the movie.1-Gene Siskel called it one of the worst movies of the year ... and then died later that year -LRB- possibly from the movie , we ca n't be sure ... more tests -RRB- 2-maximum of 1,000 words , hrmm , i could have done it in two
 What in the world was going on with the minds of the makers of this film ? To me , it 's obvious that this film was made for very young children . I felt embarrassed that I saw it in the first place . You 'd think that a live-action movie of toddlers would be one of the best theatrical movies ever . How can anyone older than 8 enjoy this film ? It 's complete GARBAGE ! The only reason I gave it one star is the fact that this is a live-action ` Rugrats ' , and also because you should n't really expect much from a film that 's aimed at 5 year olds . However , they still should have aimed more toward a general audience instead of little kids only . So unless you need some entertainment for 5 year olds , I 'm sure it would be anybody 's best interests to leave this crap alone .
 Babies can talk ? give me a break . You see the DVD 's cover ? Tell you the truth , if you watch this stupid movie you will have to see this ugly-looking kid throughout the film .
 Friends left this for me when I was babysitting their small children . We mutually agreed -LRB- they were 5 and 7 -RRB- to shut it the hell down and go make s'mores . When `` Body Heat '' debuted in 1981 , first time director -LRB- yes , it WAS 22 years ago -RRB- Lawrence Kasden sealed his career success by debuting a stylish , 40 's film noir and coaxing great performances from bad boys William Hurt , Mickey Rourke and Ted Danson -LRB- OK , OK , Ted 's not a bad boy , but you get my drift -RRB- . Bursting on the scene like a cat on the prowl was amazing actress and bodyKathleen Turner . Let 's face it , the ice cubes in the bathtub scene and the Lauren Bacall voice - channeling made Kathleen one of Hollywood 's hottest prospects.It 's sad to thing that , 18 years later and a few good films later , Hollywood has so few roles for older women that Kathleen was reduced to this dreck.Turner gets dragged through the scenes with some actors of comic note
 I 'll cut to the chase on this review . This is the worst attempt at comedy that I 've ever seen . The whole story involves Dr.Kinder -LRB- played by Kathleen Turner -RRB- believes that babies hold the key to life 's mysteries through their gibberish . So the quack kidnaps kids and holds them in a facility to test her inane theory . One of the babies named Sylvester escapes , they go looking for Sylvester and kidnap the wrong baby and Sylvester comes to the baby 's rescue . The jokes fall flat and they have a bad tendency to repeat a lame joke about poop several times . Diaper gravy is not funny and it will never be ! All the crummy jokes and gags are not the only flaw of this movie . Kathleen Turner is at her worst here and the rest of the cast is just awful . If you like jokes that wouldnt even appeal to the most simple-minded kid then you 're the type of jello-brained idiot ... ooops I meant to say this movie was made for you . Here 's more movies you 'll love if liked this one
 The story was week and stupid and the effects were bad . I felt cheated out of my money after I saw this movie in the theater with my kids . My kids could n't even wait for it to end . Two thumbs way down .
 This is another one of those , `` Adults are dumb , kids are smart . '' movies . I was disturbed by all the violent acts the kids did against the adults who I did n't think were all that evil to warrant the attacks . This theme has been done before in Home Alone , but in that , we 're talking about two robbers . The kids got meals , a place to stay and toys galore but somehow that was all evil . The kids had their moments and I 'm not sure how they got the kids to do it . Unfortunately , with all the special effects , the kids really may not have been doing it . If you want to see a cute kid movie , try Willow . That little girl has the cutest spontaneous expressions that you know were n't manufactured by a computer.Parents
 This is horrible trash . Baby Geniuses has got to be among the worst films I have ever seen . The `` slapstick '' comedy is unrealistic and just plain unfunny . The plot is unbelieveable and underdeveloped . It makes you think about whatever the parents who let their childern star in this movie are on . All in all , if MST3K was still on , this movie would be on its hit list in teh next few years .
 `` Baby Geniuses '' represents the second lowest point in the late Bob Clark 's directorial career , right behind `` Superbabies '' . It 's a terrible idea on paper , and its quality did n't change in its filming execution . The film tells me that it 's alright for toddlers -LRB- not babies as the title mislead -RRB- to perform implausible acts in situations made for them , dumbing down their apparent danger and fatality which should appalled many parents . The film failed for its odd schizophrenic humor
 The previews of this movie made it look halarious . It was anything but . Actually it was just a bunch of mumbo jumbo about nothing . I thought the kid was cute when he was trying on different outfits and dancing around ... especially when he put on the white polyester suit and did his `` Saturday Night Fever '' dance . But even then , the computer generated like moves cut it down . This movie was hardly entertaining .
 Why did n't it get Razzie Award nominations ? THIS MOVIE WAS HORRIBLE !
 This movie had it 's great moments like when the parents were changing the two kids diapers that was funny . THe acting was bad . The story was bad . This movie cand make a toddler poop in his diaper and have his dad change him and wipe him . BAD
 Both can result in Post Tramadic Stress Syndrom and both make you not want to repeat the experience . The actors are bad -LRB- and trust me I have seen many `` bad movies -RRB- the plot is invisable -LRB- there is n't one -RRB- and my time was wasted . I realize that this is a kid 's movie for a specific audience but happened to making a movie enjoyable for adults ? Or kids over 5 for that matterOverall-I know you are not thinking about wasting your time with this movie but just in case you 've blown a circut and feel compleaded to rent do not bother .
 well to wuote another reviewer
 There is so much wrong with this movie . For one thing , the babies ' mouths DO NOT , and I repeat , DO NOT move in sync with what they are saying . A couple of times , the adult actors ' voices do not go with what they are saying , either . This was a major annoyance in the movie . It would not have been so bad if they just had the babies do their actions and have voice-overs without their lips moving -LRB- like Homeward Bound , a 5-star movie -RRB- . But no , the movie is ruined . Buy and be sorry .
 What more can I say ? This tasteless , contrived , completely unfunny film with poor special effects to boot actually has Kathleen Turner , Christopher Lloyd , Peter MacNichol , and Dom DeLuise in it . These are actors who at one time actually had reputations to protect ... Did they all really need a paycheck THAT badly ? Could n't they have done dinner theater or a decent TV movie or something if they were this desperate for cash ? Heck , I know guys who would love to be married to Kathleen Turner to keep her from having to do this kind of trash . -LRB- Sorry , Kathleen , I 'm already taken . If you 'd asked me ten years ago ... -RRB- Anyway , avoid this one like the plague . And if your kid absolutely insists on seeing it , draw straws with your wife to see which one of you has to watch it with the little tyke . If you lose the first time , ask your spouse if he/she will agree to `` two out of three . `` P.S. I think that guy Johnny8 was kidding when he gave this movie five stars -LRB- see rest of reviews -RRB- . God , I hope so for his sake .
 One truly wonders how movies such as this get made , and how respectable actresses like Kathleen Turner somehow convince themselves that taking roles such as this are actually good career moves.This is truly dreadful stuff . If someone you love suggests renting this movie to watch at home , I would say it is high time to give your relationship a serious re-evaluation . This garbage is angling for a spot on my list of the 10 worst movies I have ever had this misfortune to see . Burning every copy of this film would be doing humanity a favor .
 This is one of the most embarassingly awful movies I have ever seen . It makes the movies watched on MST3K look like cinematic masterpieces . I work at a video store and have seen several people on different ocassions actually BUY this movie ! I wanted to punch them out and put some sort of sense into them . If you buy this movie for your kid because he likes it , you are making a mistake . It is rubbish like this that makes kids shoot other kids . Buy them a good family movie like E.T. or PINNOCHIO . ANY thing but this TERRIBLE MOVIE . Bob Clark makes Ed Wood look like Orson Welles . They say the phrase `` Diaper Gravy '' not once , not twice , but THREE TIMES in this movie , as if the first time was n't enough . This movie should be deleted from mankind 's memory . Just DO N'T BUY THIS EVER .
 Either Johnny8Ball is at the height of his sarcastic powers or he has contributed the single worst review ever to appear on Amazon.com . Not only is the movie he selected one of the most incompetent and offensive ever made , it is perverse , dull , slapdash , and horribly unfunny . The alleged `` humor '' never hits -LRB- NOT ONCE ! -RRB- and the performances by the `` legendary cast '' range from embarrassing to downright shameful . Hopefully , potential viewers will avoid the obviously jaded rambling of Mr. Eight Ball and stay far , far away from a film that would not appeal to anyone , adults or children .
 I ca n't believe that this movie had such a great cast , what were they all thinking when they decided to appear in this unintelligent , stupid film . Nothing about this film was good . I do n't even think little kids would enjoy this crap . It 's a bad rip-off of `` Look Who 's Talking . ''
 This movie is horrible , I mean for a comedy it is n't even funny . They are n't even babies there toddlers , I mean come on folks , my two younger brothers did n't even like this movie . How can people even compare this to the Rugrats . If you want a movie to entertain your kids or yourself rent any other movie than this . I highly recommend not wasting your money on even renting it .
 I was thrilled to see this classic released on DVD , however I 've received two copies and both are defective . About 28 minutes in the picture freezes . My first copy disabled my DVD player completely ; it would n't recognize any command except Power Off . The replacement copy shows very pixilated picture/frames then picks up the action in full again at about minute 36 . There 's a big disclaimer before the film begins that the original 35mm film is damaged so the picture quality of the DVD is compromised . Does this mean all copies have defects ? Are others experiencing this same issue ?
 i ordered it . i paid for it . i 've waited for it . but i 've never received it . i do n't think anyone should ever order a prodcut from this seller
 theres been some great reviews of this flick but i wouldnt trust them all . this film starts out great but goes down hill quik . the one arm boxer is n't believable at all . there 's one scene with another one armed fighter where he falls on his back and you can see his missing arm tucked behind his back . its so bad . the fight scenes are very slow and the fighters come like a foot away from actually hitting each other . those two things made the film crap for me . i just couldnt buy it . i did love the villian , and thats about it . RENT before you Buy ! !
 I am a big fan of the classic kung fu movies . However , I found this movie to be extremely cheasy . The One-Armed Boxer , the hero , is from a prior film . This movie fails to offer enough background about the hero , so I found myself rooting for the enemy instead . Additionally , the One-Armed Boxer 's missing arm is clearly noticeable tucked within his shirt . It is hard to take him and his fighting scenes serious . Where this film lacks in plot , it makes up for in a multitude of characters and creative fight scenes . You will see where many video games got inspiration for characters and fighting techniques . Instead of this film , I suggest a film with Bruce Lee , the Venom Mob , Gordon Liu , Jackie Chan or the `` Five Fingers of Death '' .
 The movie is simply a load of fight scenes for the karate junkie with a bit of fantasy and heroism as we see our `` hero '' the one-armed fighter protect himself and his dojo of students against a band of dastardly villains including the ring leader
 I am writing neither to critique the movie nor to eplore the quality of the video or audio . I would simply like to warn potential buyers of the manufacturer defects that I have enconter with TWO copies of this DVD.The first copy was scratched so severly it looked like a fat guy attempted to use it to ski down slopes of rough pavement . So Amazon promptly shipped out another . The second copy did n't have a scratch but the movie hung up in the EXACT same place as the first . ANNOYING ! I am currently waiting on another copy , but if it 's bad I 'm giving up . * IMPORTANT * Consumers , take my review very seriously because I suspect these other reviewers have no experience with the DVD , they 're just fans of the film . And what an awesome film it is .
 I bought this movie yesterday and it really is a classic ! But the quality seems to go to hell throught certain scenes , flickering colors . It even stopped playing about 30 min . in . I do n't know what 's up but I really feel ripped off . Maybe the double disc version will be better . Highly doubtfull concidering this version was supposedly remastered ?
 I would have given this title 5 stars -LRB- I love the old-school kung fu classics ! -RRB- except for one problem-the DVD would not play past a certain point -LRB- about 30 minutes into the film ! -RRB- I 've tried it on 3 different players , always getting the same result at the same point . ARRGH ! Because of this issue I ca n't recommend this DVD . Hope this review is helpful to my fellow kung fu fans out there !
 There 's one dance number in here that looks like it was choreographed by Salvador Dali on a $ 10 budget ... and I can watch it over and over ... but the rest of the movie is terrible . Maybe it 's poor subtitling , but the jokes are thin and the plot is dull . I have a huge affinity for Bollywood and I admit my standards are pretty forgiving , but this one is really weak.It 's such a shame because that one dance scene is so awesome .
 this was the biggest waste of four bucks and two hours i have ever spent . national lampoon movies are supposed to be classically funny , and even though this seemed teen-movie genre -LRB- in the american pie tradition -RRB- , i thought it would be fun to have playing in the background while i worked on an art project.not only is this NOT funny and NOT sexy , the movie is completely pointless and the characters boring/trite . i 'm a bit too young to wish for the chevy chase days of national lampoon , but i can say that i feel this movie was a disgrace in representing my generation . & based on watching this , i will probably never rent another national lampoon movie w/o chase in it .
 This is as bad as Out Cold . I think most viewers , even if they just want dumb fun , will find this movie insulting to their intelligence . I guess maybe it 's just a movie to watch while drinking with friends . Your brain would have to be completely turned off to be entertained by it . It 's template derived , an endless string of cliches . The kind of script that draws inspiration from other movies rather than from real life or a creative imagination . The basic plot outline of a guy making an emergency trip across the country to save his relationship , while falling for another girl in the process , is ripped off of Road Trip who ripped it off of Overnight Delivery . Only in this movie instead of the other girl being wilder and broadening the guy 's horizons she 's more conservative , I guess a testament to the conservative mentality behind this film . The added bit of having to save the girlfriend from a sleazy record executive type = Wayne 's World . The picking up girls who subject the unwitting guy to violent bondage = Tomcats . The popsickle scene was the only remotely clever part . If it was just the girl licking the popsickle seductively to tease the boy it would be really dumb , but because the guy was doing it too it had a certain inane random charm to it that I liked.It 's pretty tragic to think that hundreds of people spent months working on this . The only real problem is the script . It 's a professional looking movie as far as the actors and cameras go , but it 's all wasted effort because of the weak script . It 's like building a mansion on a sinkhole .
 A friend told me to watch this movie saying it was real funny , but after watching it ... it just was n't at all what I expected .
 This was n't the worst film I 've ever seen , but it was close . What it had to do with National Lampoon was never clear , the humor was infantile , and the plot was idiotic .
 This movie is worth owning if you can find it cheaply and you 're an American Pit Bull Terrier enthusiast and want everything related to the breed . That 's the best I can say about it.Otherwise , hang on to your money , or rent a copy . I 've got an old VHS version of this movie , and in all the years I 've had it , I believe I 've only watched it twice . -LRB- And I think it likely that the 2nd viewing was just to make sure that I had n't missed any redeeming qualities that the film did n't appear to have . -RRB- The high point for me was when one of the characters could n't pronounce Durango . The rest of the movie was so bad I 've blocked most of it out . Just chalk it up to an hour and a half of my life that I 'll never get back.Sorry I ca n't give a more detailed review , but that just gives you an idea of how lame this movie is . I ca n't remember anything about it except the basics of the plot . And nothing about it would inspire me to go back and reacquaint myself .
 Do n't be deceived by the front cover ! Jennifer is only a narrator in the video ! What a ripoff ! Last Playboy Video I buy without a preview . Bottom line
 Playboy continues its new-found tradition of hiring models other than its own playmates to make its videos . The models in `` Blue Collar Babes '' are just ok - and very `` ethnic '' . Again , the costume choices are questionable - I think there are at least 4 `` construction '' theme segments , each one as boring as the last . Furthermore , Playboy seems to be throwing lesbian scenes at us non-stop in its recent videos . That 's OK once in a while , but not evry other scene - Note to Playboy
 I only gave it two stars because I understand this was a kid 's movie , but I frankly thought it sucked . As I stated , I know it 's a movie for kids but do they really have to say `` I-ya ! '' during every attack ? And , as in most kid 's movies , the goons are either mentally retarded or they were on sale at the Henchmart . They rush in groups of two and are easily defeated by our `` Ninja '' heros and soon get up to repeat the cycle . The main badguy is , as usual a businessman who wants to either opress something or someone or rule the wolrd , and in this case he wants to opress the Indians . I found the acting overall to be terrible and that of an elementary school play . The humor was the same as the acting offering this as the funniest joke , -LRB- according to the people in the movie -RRB- . Fat Boy
 This movie sucked . I enjoyed Three Ninjas Kick Back , and the first one , but i could n't stand this one . The music in this movie was possibly the worst in history and the plot is too slow for anyone to stay interested . I would suggest anyone thinking of seeing this , find something more interesting to do with your time . The Jokes were horrible ... . F -
 And embarrassing . It 's not a total loss , no because it can be entertaining ... but only once in a while . Sure , the kids will probably like it , and even worse , try to imitate it but really , if you 're not 6 , 7 or younger , I would n't waste your time . That 's what this was - a BIG waste of time.And it 's so over exaggerated ... Ugh.Not recommended .
 my favorite one is colt.he ` s cool.he kiks those bad guys but.so whatever you do dont fight colt
 I thought it was dumb and so did everyone I know . The fighting was not realistic and the acting was horribel .
 First , I would like to say that I did not enjoy this movie as much as I had hoped to and was very dissapointed.This movie was done on a very low budget , that is part of the reason why it turned out to be bad.The story was horrible and i did not like it at all.You will find a much much better story in `` 3 Ninjas Kick Back '' , which is also a much much better movie.The fighting scenes in this movie were terrible , and very poorly choreographed.When you watch the boys fight the bad guys it looks sooooooo fake because their just standing there and pretending to be hurt and waiting for the kids to attack them.These totally fake fight scenes take out the fun in the movie.Horrible story and fight scenes terribly done.I think these are two perfect reasons for avoiding this movie.Instead you should buy `` 3 Ninjas Kick Back '' wich is a great movie and was done amazingly.You wo n't be dissapointed , trust me.I think it is the best one in the series!Second best would be the first one.You might be wondering why I gave this movie two stars if I did not like so much.Well I am too big of a fan of the series to give it only one star : -RRB-
 Kids movie not too much in it for an adult . Very violent and lots of it . My granddaughters did like .
 What was funny many years ago is not funny anymore . The Honeymooners had been my favorite TV show for years but I found it silly and boring as did my husband . It mainly centered about Jackie Gleason playing all the characters he was famous for - all in one episode . Even Art Carney was n't funny . There are several other episodes on the DVD but I doubt if we will watch them and it will probably be donated to the public library . We were all ready for a good laugh but when the laughs came they were almost forced .
 I may be one of the few people in the world who really does n't like `` The Honeymooners . '' The tiresome lines , the weak plots and the stab at acting do nothing to make this show appealing . One major flaw with `` The Honeymooners '' is that the show is so darn BORING ! You can predict the story and outcome right away.The tiresome lines and stilted phrases are bad enough , but the dreaded `` homminas '' are extremely annoying . Add to this mix Alice the big mouth , Ralphie Boy the cliche spouting windbag , Norton the Irritant and Dishrag Trixie . Fat jokes and chauvinism are abound in any `` Honeymooners '' collection and this is no exception .
 I have n't watched the whole dvd yet , but after watching the Christmas one I 'm not interested . The only thing I did like were the differant parts Jackie Gleason played . This was supose to be a Christmas show , but it certainly did n't seem like a Christmas show to me . This was a gift for someone and after watching it together we were both VERY diasppointed !
 The story was awful . Do n't spend your money on this one . Borrow it from the library .
 OK , this review is going to be fairly short . I have to say that this movie could have been great , but unfortunately falls flat at the end . The first half of this movie is great , Hugh Grant is hilarious and Sandra Bullock manages to be cute and intelligent at the same time , and these characters are completely believable . Grant has a line where he says `` My life is a lot like Monopoly '' -LRB- which had me rolling -RRB- and sadly the movie is a lot like Monopoly , in that it is a ` board ' game and I found myself very ` bored ' in the last half of the movie.This movie is hilarious enough in the first half that I watch just that part then turn it off , because I know what is coming . The last act has them coming together and confessing their love for each other , and at that point it feels completely rushed and unbelievable , like this is the end , so they love each other , ummm , roll credits . I recommend the first half highly , then just skip the rest .
 When I first saw this movie , I was looking for a funny , romantic , movie full of laughter and romance . What I got - a few funny lines , and absolutly NO onscreen chemistry between Grant and Bullock . The plot was good , but it kind of dragged on a bit . The ending did n't hit home , and overall , the film was n't very good . If you are looking for a good romantic comedy , do n't bet all your money on this one .
 Sometimes a bubblegum movie is old bubblegum , tired and chewy and not very sweet . This movie has all the pieces but does n't have any zing to it , any purpose . They go back and forth a little bit but they never truly convinced me that they were in love or their love was in danger . Alicia Witt , a superb actress did n't really have much to do in thsi film and Hugh Grant 's bumbling charm boy routine is wearing thin.I 'm not sure about Bullock , she 's filling a niche I 'm sure . Doing films that appeal to her , that she gets paid a lot for , that help employ a lot of people . But I 'm not qute sure if she 's developing further along as an actress , if she 's willing to take a risk and do something edgey or different or challenging . She just seems to be the best at the romantic comedy pairings movie of the season . Hopefully she 'll start getting better choices .
 Fresh of watching `` About A Boy '' I felt like Hugh Grant could do no wrong , so despite less than stellar reviews I decided give `` Two Weeks Notice '' a shot , which was a mistake . While there are some comedic moments , this a romantic comedy and Bullock and Grant have NO chemistry . In most of the scenes they seem only mildly aware of eachother mostly focusing on thier actions . As a result , I never felt like they should be together . Further , the plot seems to jump around . Right after getting hired , the plot leapfrogs to weeks later where Grant and Bullock are now supposed to be chumy , but I never felt it . THey seem to be tired of eachother and their action forced by the plot 's simple-minded purpose . After his great romantic comedies of the 1990s , this a huge step down for Grant and even for Bullock , who mostly makes bad movies anyway . This is not worth your time because it clearly was n't even worth the actors full attention .
 Although the sound went out several times during the movie and we were all given a free ticket to come back to see it , nothing made me want to see it . I thought Sandra and Hugh showed no chemistry what-so-ever . They were not realistic as a couple and I did n't like either one 's characters . I went to see it thinking , `` How can a Hugh Grant/Sandra Bullock movie be bad . '' Well , they answered it for me . I could of thought of a million things better to do with my time . I will flip the channel when I see it on cable .
 If neither Sandra Bullock nor Hugh Grant -LRB- to a lesser extent -RRB- can save the thinnest and most damningly simple movie , then it 's safe to say that it is indeed junked . Unlike one of the other Mark Lawrence movies featuring Bullock , ` Miss Congeniality , ' Bullock does n't get much of a chance to show off her screwball splendor . Instead , what we get from both leads is a tired effort at replaying what movie audiences love most about them , which is one joke too many and one too lame already . But , if all else fails in a screwball romance , you can at least be assured of eye candy with this pair .
 This is truly one of the worst movies I 've ever watched .
 I gave it two stars and i was being kind . Simply because I saw `` the ring '' and gave it one star and did enjoy it more than that . But this movie is so predictable . Maybe its because I 've seen this before . yes it was in `` you 've got mail . '' Two rich and professional people who in the begining dispise each other while one of them is in a relationship with another . About half way through the protagonist who 's in the relationship miraculously drops the ` lover-we-never-see ' and realizes how much she loves our other main character . But they save it all for the end with the big `` oh i 've always felt this way kiss `` Sadly predicatable and loaded with a lot of dry humor , this movie was n't at all what I expected , it was worse . Sadly , Sandra 's ` girl next door good looks ' and Hugh 's quick oneliners were n't enough to rescue this movie from its date with ... -LSB- removed store name -RSB- .
 I am very surprised by all the good reviews here for this film . I sat there waiting for something to happen , but for the entire thing it was just unfunny . I cared nothing about the characters played by Bullock and Grant . I went in hoping that it would be the caliber of writing of someone like Richard Curtis on Notting Hill or Love Actually -LRB- two terrific Hugh Grant films -RRB- , but this was just a complete waste of time where you want those hours of your life back . I noticed Bullock 's name as a producer . I hope this does n't mean she fudged with the script to make it `` funny '' in her mind . -LRB- Anybody remember when actress Kim Basinger complained that the writer of the script for her film Marrying Man had no conception of comedy and she decided to rewrite it ? The writer she was complaining about was Neil Simon . -RRB-
 Sandra Bullock tries the old , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it '' routine for this movie . This movie was not funny at all . Even with comedian , Robert Klein in a supporting role , it does n't take off . Hugh Grant is wasted in his role . Overall , this is a dud .
 I usually love Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant , but unfortunately this movie is really bad . Neither character was very appealing , there was no chemistry , and the whole thing was flat . I found myself actually wincing for the actors . Do not waste your time .
 Let 's be honest this is as -LSB- weak -RSB- a comedy as you can imagine but having said that , Hugh Grant is funny , even with this script and Sandra Bullock is cute . I would never recommend you actually buy this but a rental on an evening when you IQ are asleep and there is nothing else on , then it is okay .
 but I do n't like Sandra doing her insane bouncing ball impersonation . seen her doing it in several movies and it really gets on my nerve .
 Love the movie , but beware of this DVD . 3 times I 've ordered it from Amazon -LRB- twice in a Slipcase and once in a Keepcase , and all 3 DVD 's skipped , the video broke up , scenes kept repeating , etc. . . And yes , I used the Memorex CD cleaner on the DVD player without any change , and no , none of my numerous other commercially purchased DVD 's demonstrate this problem . Two Weeks Notice is the ONLY one . So my suggestion is to stick to the VCR version .
 I 've always been a big fan of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock and I was really looking forward to seeing the two of them together . I sincerely wanted to enjoy myself , but the one thing you heard ALL the critics agree upon about this film turned out to be absolutely true -- It 's about as ordinary and unoriginal as a romantic comedy can be . The conflicting question among all the critics was this
 Sandra Bulluck -LRB- who is my favorite actress , by the way -RRB- never looked good in this movie and the chemistry between her and Hugh Grant was missing . Neither her character nor Hugh 's was particularly like-able and the ending was , of course , predictable , but lacking in real emotion . Wait for cable .
 I gave it two stars and i was being kind . Simply because I saw `` the ring '' and gave it one star and did enjoy it more than that . But this movie is so predictable . Maybe its because I 've seen this before . yes it was in `` you 've got mail . '' Two rich and professional people who in the begining dispise each other while one of them is in a relationship with another . About half way through the protagonist who 's in the relationship miraculously drops the ` lover-we-never-see ' and realizes how much she loves our other main character . But they save it all for the end with the big `` oh i 've always felt this way kiss `` Sadly predicatable and loaded with a lot of dry humor , this movie was n't at all what I expected , it was worse . Sadly , Sandra 's ` girl next door good looks ' and Hugh 's quick oneliners were n't enough to rescue this movie from its date with Blockbuster .
 Paired for the first time these favorites , Bullock & Grant , are a treat for the eye and mood . What 's not to like when you see Lucy , Bullock , play her playful off-kilter , eccentric impassioned character as she and a couple decide to stop the demolition of a historic landmark . Bullock comes equipped with wet wipes , mats and protective eye gear so demonstrating is less hazardous to their health.Rubber-faced , laid back Hugh Grant , a feast to the eyes , plays a likable albeit ; slightly inattentive CEO who needs lots of guidance and tends to hire female attorneys with a law degree from some tropical island . He commanded by his brother , the behind the scenes power to hire someone with a real law degree , like one from Harvard.Lucy happens to have the necessary degree and while pestering George , the Grant character , lets it slip she has graduated from Harvard . Grant asks her to join her in the limo to discuss her current project and Lucy ends up employed by the Wade Corp. . She works for , indeed , baby-sits George for about a year then decided he is too dependent and gives notice.Lucy 's replacement , makes her slightly uneasy , is this jealousy ? Add to the mix the droll English Grant wit , great scenarios , and prat falls and you have an enjoyable movie .
 Two Weeks Notice marks the first time collaboration between two of the biggest names in romantic comedy . With a combined resume of past works consisting Bridget Jone 's Diary , Notting Hill , Forces of Nature , and While You Were Sleeping , it is quite surprising that it took so long for Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock to work together until now . Both actors have accumulated quite a fan following , so there is no doubt that the film will be profitable , even in the midst of a month crowded with quality movies , but will it be worth your time and the price of the admission?A Harvard law school graduate , Lucy Kelson -LRB- Sandra Bullock -RRB- dedicates most of her time to preserving historical landmarks the big corporations of New York are bent on destroying for the sake of urban development . In her efforts to save the Coney Island community center , she makes a deal with George Wade -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- of the Wade Corporations . In return for his promise to keep the building , she agrees to take the job as his new chief counsel . However , everything does not go according to Lucy 's plan . Instead of her dreams of utilizing the company 's vast resources to address issues she is most passionate about and to help those that are less fortunate , she finds herself at George 's beck and call , making every decisions from his wardrobe to his prospective dates . Realizing that this is not what she signed on for , Lucy decides to call it quits , but George refuses to let her go until she finds a replacement for herself , a task that becomes increasingly harder as the days go by.It is a good thing that Bullock and Grant are both very likeable on screen , because even though the characters they often portray are very similar , you nevertheless enjoy their performances due to the personalities they bring to these roles . Unfortunately , this is not the case in Two Weeks Notice . In fact , I found myself feeling apathetic towards Lucy and George , and I really could care less what happens to them . This is not to say that Bullock and Grant did not try their best , the problem is they had very little to work with , since how can you breathe life to characters that do n't have any to start off with?Although the chemistry is definitely there among the two leads , it just does not seem to work . To me Lucy and George act more like a pair of bickering siblings than a couple ; their constant bantering and arguments did not help to convince me of their unspoken love and attraction towards each other . I am sad to say that I was extremely bored by the experience , and the laughs are too few and far in between.The bottom line is that Two Weeks Notice is neither funny nor romantic . The dialogues are flat and the characters are stereotypically predictable . Scenes rarely flow smoothly from one to the other , the whole film feels very much like going through a scrapbook where random events are cut and pasted together . The worse thing about it is the blatant attempt to sell a mediocre story based on the strengths and popularity of two well-established veterans of the genre . If there is one movie that can make both Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock dull and unattractive to watch , this is definitely it . I simply can not recommend Two Weeks Notice , it is clearly deserving of a pink slip .
 Out of all the movies Grant and Bullock have ever done which is the most re-occurring genre ? Rom-com . How many rom-coms are out there -LRB- especially at present -RRB- ? Too many.What new material/angle does Two Weeks Notice offer ? None.There really is no point in this movie . It was only made because the public still go to see the same predictable rubbish over and over and therefor would more than likely make a profit.Every single rom-com clich&eacute; you can think of is in this movie
 I suppose I expected too much after just watching Miss Congeniality . This movie was slow and too political . It constantly insults conservatism but gives no grounds for doing so . As liberalism often does . Now , I could insult Democrats all day , but I 'd do it with facts and give reasons for doing so . And do n't get me wrong , Republicrats are n't much better than Demopublicans ... however , conservatism is a lifestyle and for some reason it 's the only lifestyle Hollywood , liberals and just humans in general have full rights to degrade and insult -LRB- by the way , conservatives are not ALL red-necks -RRB- . That just seems very HYPOCRITICAL to me.NONE of that changes my original point ... this movie is hardly funny -LRB- if at all -RRB- , not all that interesting and not at all entertaining . The mushy ending felt forced , in fact ... it felt so forced , I wanted to smack the both of them and serve them their future divorce papers right there!I 'm only glad my friend let me borrow his copy ... poor guy , he 's the one that bought it . SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR SOMETHING REALLY FUNNY !
 Have you ever rented a movie , and about 10 minutes into -LRB- sometimes less , sometimes more -RRB- realized that you had just wasted your movie ? Well , thats exactly what I did with this movie . This movie I guess was trying to be a comedy , but was not funny at all . The lovestory part is nothing new and terribly borring . Just a waste of time in general to watch this . I ca n't see why people would rate it over 2 stars !!!!
 I am a fan of Hugh Grant especially for the comedy movies Nine Months , Notting Hill and 3 Weddings and 1 Funeral . I also liked Sandra Bullock in movies like The Net , While you were sleeping for her excellent performances . So , with great expectations I wanted to see this so called comedy but it was a total disappointment . The movie was so boring that I could not even finish it . The actors look ordinary , the story looks ordinary and so the treatment . A total waste . The stardom is wasted and so is our time too.Was the movie taken it two weeks ?
 TWO WEEKS NOTICE is clearly an attempt by director Marc Lawrence to herald in what he hoped would be this generation 's Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn . What made Tracy and Hepburn resonate with the audience was that despite their on-air bickering , one could see that there was a core of misguided , if not misplaced , emotion bubbling to reach the surface . But with Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock , what became apparent from the opening reel was that while both have the star power individually to carry a romantic movie , collectively they simply do not bounce off one another in a manner that lets the audience grow to care about their deliberately emphasized differences . And in films like TWO WEEKS NOTICE , it is the degree to which the audience connects to these differences that mark such movies as truly engaging experiences . Unfortunately , TWO WEEKS NOTICE does not ring true in any area that counts.Hugh Grant is George Wade , a multimillionaire real esate developer who is rich in name only . His more unattractive brother has wisely allowed him to stand as the sexy and successful symbol for Wade Enterprises . George is unabashedly handsome in the self-deprecating manner that has long since been the essential Hugh Grant trademark . He flits from affair to affair , all of which costs him plenty , but since he has his rich brother 's money to back him up , he can afford to buy a hot dog and pay for it with a $ 100 bill , and not ask for change . In his job as company spokesman , he is incredibly incompetent . He does not even know what suit to wear for a social function , much less decide when and where to build a monstrous condo that only a Trump would love . Enter Lucy Kelson -LRB- Sandra Bullock -RRB- who is everything that George is not . He is egotistical , hedonistic , and much aware of his shortcomings in business acumen . Lucy is modest , altruistic , but possessed of a huge ego that manifests itself in a desire to Save the World from evil developers like George Wade . Now these differences might have been enough to generate humor and audience attachment to the actors had these actors showed even a glimmer of compatability . Instead , director Lawrence tries to show a Tracy-Hepburn sense of appealing squaking by contrasting some rather appalling scenes of grossness . Lucy Kelson has just eaten a chili dog that she warns is about to make an unexpected appearance . George is then forced to find a handy toilet , and since both are in a car on the FDR Highway , it takes somes some doing to resolve in a way that is more nasty than humorous . Far too many of similar such scenes remind the audience that what they are watching are actors trying vainly to be lightly and humorously romantic . Not for one moment can one willingly suspend one 's belief to enter the world of a romantic comedy that Grant and Bullock try so hard but in vain to achieve . The fault is not theirs , since both are appealing in scenes in which they appear solo . The problem is a poor script that relies too heavily on the sight gag and the pratfall . I would like to see them try again , but this time with a plot that does not suggest that the entire process of filming required somewhat more than two weeks to complete .
 Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are nice to look at , as are many of the supporting cast . Some beautiful & sexy ; outfits , too . Looking at their pictures in a magazine would be a better use of time.Thin plot ; unbelievable behaviors for supposedly professionallawyers and wealthy businessmen . I guess the stars ' names helped pay for the cost of making this film . In a nutshell : Thoroughly beyond belief , and rarely/lamely funny .
 One of the worst movies I have seen in a long time . Just terrible .
 I rented this movie because it did n't look good enough to see in the theater . I was right . Actually , it was n't worth the price of the rental , either . Best to wait for it to be on ABC or something . There were a few funny moments , but overall the writing was n't very good , the acting was pretty bad -LRB- Hugh did a decent job , but Sandra seemed , as my husband put it , like a bit of an ice queen -RRB- , and I could gather no real chemistry between them . They seemed like good friends , but the film did n't convince me that there was any real attraction between them . Overall boring .
 This is a very lousy and boring film . There 's not much substance in the writing . I will not recommend this film .
 that two people who were so hilarious together on the publicity circuit for this film have no chemistry whatsoever onscreen ? Could it be the writing ? The whole boring , predictable premise ? The Directing ? Yes , yes and yes .
 I ordered the widescreen for my wife 's birthday and received the full screen . The movie is good but I 'm not happy about the error .
 I downloaded the movie for viewing later . Low and behold when on an airplane , i found that I could n't view as it had n't downloaded . Of course once I started the video the 24 hours started so I spent 2.99 for nothing .
 I have come to expect a lot more from both of these fine comedic talents!The plotline was way too formulaic and , Duh ! everyone knows the two will eventually wind up together.Bad fluff by 2 great actors - let 's hope there is better from them to come !
 I love both these actors , and they 're both likeable and cute . But this movie was a dog . Firstly , the plot was very different than the feel of the movie you got from the trailer . Secondly , Ms. Bullock once again plays a soppy loser who orders chinese take-out night after night alone . Despite being a highly successful lawyer , her character comes across as a total loser with no confidence , just a fruity greenpeace nut . This is so disappointing when Sandra Bullock could be so much more . Why does she return to these rolls over and over again?Third , George and Lucy had no spark or chemistry . There was no love story here , just funny little scenes stuck together . The ending was very boring . They should have shown the wedding , except that Lucy 's bridal getup was horrendously ugly ! She looks like her name should be Agnes or something . See Sliding Doors instead with Gwyneth Paltrow , that was cute .
 I 'm a huge fan of Hugh and Sandra but putting them together was a bad idea , no chemistry whatsoever . The movie was painful to watch it was not even remotely romantic give me `` Notting Hill '' and `` While you were sleeping '' any day Hugh and Sandra are good apart but not together .
 By activating the `` Two Bleeps Notice '' function in Special Features , you can access the movie outtakes when a small pink heart appears on the screen . If you do n't want to have to watch the entire movie , here are the locations of each heart . I think I found them all . These are listed by hour : minute : second . 18:32 , 20:04 , 23:38 , 24:13 , 26:38 , 28:14 , 33:02 , 37:28 , 41:36 , 47:16 , 57:50 , 1:13:01 , 1:24:29 . The extras on the DVD are of the usual fare , but not outstanding . The commentary is somewhat interesting , with Sanda and Hugh bantering about . The movie itself is somewhat forgettable , but is an enjoyable little film . I agree with another reviewer who said that it 's like iceberg lettuce
 Nothing worth seeing -- Grant has made some classics in this genre -LRB- Four Weddings and a Funeral , Notting Hill , Bridget Jones 's Diary -RRB- -- but `` Two Weeks Notice '' is not a classic . It is n't even an admirable effort . It is clear he enjoyed working with Sandra Bullock offscreen , but they share little onscreen chemistry . Bullock continues her title as the `` poor man 's Julia Roberts '' -- it 's not a harmful film -- it 's just not very good .
 Same story we 've seen many times before . You know whats going to happen just by seeing the preview . Grant is great and charming . Bullock is her same old clumsy character . Supporting cast provides laughs as well . All right if you have nothing better to see .
 You would think that a romcom with Bullock and Grant could hardly go wrong.Unfortunately it does in spectacular fashion.Zero chemistry is never a good start in a romantic movie , and two very funny people are let down by an unfunny script.The film feels like it never quite starts - I spent the whole thing waiting for the story to kick in - and then it 's over.Very disappointing . I expect the commentary and bloopers are the best reason -LRB- if there is a reason ! -RRB- to buy this movie.Just plain boring - what a shame .
 Sandra Bullock is Lucy , a pro bono lawyer passionately devoted to saving the community from rapacious developers . One day she is lying on the pavement between an historic building and the wrecker 's ball when she meets playboy George -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- , the public spokesman for the very corporation that wants to knock down the landmark . George is between lawyers at the moment -LRB- his CEO brother fired the last one -RRB- , and when he finds out Lucy actually has a degree from Harvard , he impulsively offers her a job and a promise to spare her Coney Island rec center.And from there on it was just annoying . A couple of critics called this screenplay undernourished ; I 'd say emaciated . The best romantic comedies have a busy , likable supporting cast to add layers of interest and tone to the primary storyline -LRB- remember Notting Hill and While You Were Sleeping ? -RRB- ; Grant and Bullock were pretty much on their own . The two of them , mostly just the two of them , George ` s outrageous insensitivity and Lucy 's indignation in the same tiresome pattern that begged for denouement long before Lucy finally gave her two weeks ' notice . What bridesmaid leaves her cell phone on at the altar of her best friend 's wedding , anyway ? And it still took too long for this to end . Grant had a lot of witty one-liners ; but I thought he was too offhand , as if contemptuous of the material . Bullock was charming , but not charming enough to save this mess.Obviously , production costs were kept to the minimum . Locations were unvaried , supporting cast almost invisible , cinematography bland , clothes blah . Bullock as Producer must have figured that two big stars would bring in the audience before word spread how awful this really was . And she thought this romantic comedy was so good , she could n't possibly make a better one ? I 'm pretty charitable when it comes to a movie of this genre . It only has to look good , sound good , and make me feel good . This one was zero for three.I 've learned something . If you 're reading these reviews in order to decide whether or not to purchase the dvd , do n't go by `` Most Helpful '' reviews . People get on here and vote Yes , it was helpful , when they have already seen the movie and agree with the review . This tends to inflate positive reviews . Instead , look at the star rating profile at the top . If most people really loved the movie and you probably will , too , the profile will have a bulge at 5 stars tapering down smoothly to a very thin or non-existent tail at 1 . If instead of a smooth descent from 5 the distribution is lumpy ; or especially if 1-plus-2 's add up to about the same as the 5 's , maybe you ought to rent first . Take a look at this one 's profile .
 An obnoxiously bad movie containing just about every PC cliche imaginable . Not funny , except in a `` how can a movie be this bad '' sort of way . No romantic chemistry . Terrible in every way .
 `` Two Weeks Notice '' stars two appealing people , but they have no chemistry . My dog and cat have more chemistry . Why would a lawyer -LRB- Sandra Bullock -RRB- want to work for a conceited billionaire -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- ? Greed is a bad thing . Falling in love after countless annoying incidents just makes this movie another routine POS . There was one scene where they were playing mixed doubles in tennis and I was truly ashamed with their athleticism . I could 've probably beat all of them with my hand tied behind my back because I 'm the king of handicap matches . Oh well . This movie really does n't grab your attention and makes you wish you spent your money on something with substance , like a twinkie .
 An absolute dud ! This movie is poorly written , ineptly directed , and edited with no sense of comedy or continuity . I am a big fan of both Grant and Bullock , but I have to say that this is one of the WORST movies that I have ever seen !
 Grant & Bullock are two of the Most Run of Mill Actors & Actress 's in the Business going around & this Film was like a low-Budget `` When Harry Met Sally `` Clone without any luster what so ever.this Film was just kind of there.I was Bored Beyond belief .
 Both my daughter and I looked forward to seeing this film . I am a big fan of both Sandra Bullocks and Hugh Grant , as they are charismatic and talented actors with a feel for comedy . Unfortunately , even they can not overcome a witless script and the ham-handed direction of Marc Lawrence.Sandra Bullock plays the role of neurotic Lucy Kelson , a Harvard Law School grad who follows in the footsteps of her activist parents by becoming an activist lawyer . Hugh Grant is in his element as George Wade , a real estate developer and playboy tycoon . When they are brought together by fate , they strike a deal that they believe would be in each of their respective best interests . Lucy will work for George as his chief counsel , while George promises not to apply the wrecker 's ball to her beloved Coney Island community center.Unfortunately , as time passes , these two opposites begin to be attracted to each other . Just as fate contrived to bring them together , however , it appears that fate will also tear them apart . When Lucy discovers that George will be unable to keep his promise about the Coney Island community center , she gives him two weeks notice . Enter June Carter -LRB- Alicia Witt -RRB- , also a Harvard Law grad and Lucy 's replacement . The luscious June quickly sizes up George Wade and sets her cap for him , causing Lucy to suffer pangs of jealousy of which she had been previously unaware.There are no surprises in this formulaic film . Hugh Grant does his slightly wacky British turn , while Sandra Bullocks turns in another intelligently ditzy , infectious performance . It is the script and the direction , however , not the actors , that jettison this remarkably unfunny , romantic comedy . The laughs are few and far between . The dialogue is one dimensional and cartoonish . It fails to build a believable romance between the two main characters . Quite frankly , all the film does is waste the considerable talents of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullocks , as well as the viewer 's time . It is an unintelligent , pedestrian film that would otherwise have tanked but for its star power .
 Hugh Grant does his enjoyable act to perfection in this movie but it is so lacking in story that it 's rendered mind-numbing syrup even by romantic comedy standards . The schlock political message they attempt is embarrasing even to liberals.And let 's face it , Sandra Bullock is just not a screen beauty , cute maybe , but that nasal voice that not will carry a movie .
 Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant are two great actors , and putting them together in a romantic comedy seems like it would make perfect sense . However this was the wrong choice for them . This movie just was n't very funny , and I really did n't feel any chemisty between the two . I coulde n't wait for this movie to be over . All in all , this movie wasted some big time talent .
 TWO WEEKS NOTICE was a cute film but missed the mark unlike its predecessor Maid In Manhattan which was more real and entertaining . Sandra Bullock -LRB- Miss Congeniality , Force Of Nature -RRB- produced this film as well as stars in it . Her performance although I am sure is honest seemed a little held back playing the Harvard Lawyer fighting for the down-and-under trod.While the other side of the coin , there is the rich millionaire played by Hugh Grant -LRB- Nine Months , Notting Hill -RRB- was a more outgoing , non-caring and flamboyant wisp that almost did n't match to well with Sandra.It ran a little slow and seemed much more predictable toward the end . Written and directed by Marc Lawrence -LRB- Miss Congeniality , Force Of Nature -RRB- the movie seemed very slow in pace . Robert Klein -LRB- Primary Colors , One Fine Day -RRB- gives a standout performance as Sandra 's father that is worth noting.This is a good movie for the video and DVD - but theatrically it was a little disappointing . -LRB- 12-31-02 -RRB-
 Being a fan of both Miss. . Sandra Bullock and Mr. Hugh Grant I looked forward to what I felt would be a fun movie , unfortunately I was to be quite disappointed.Miss Bullock 's character lacked the manic energy she has frequently displayed and that this story badly needed . Her character , Lucy Kelson , had a great deal of potential , which a lackluster performance did not deliver.Mr . Grant 's performance was better , but not markedly so . The ` one liners ' he delivered had little punch and even less humor . The chemistry between the two main characters , necessary in this type film , just did n't seem to be there.The one bright spot was Miss. . Alicia Witt , as June Carter , a sort of rival to Miss Bullock 's character for the affections of Mr. Grant . Her performance had energy , humor , the vulnerability of youth and at the same time the sense that she was potentially a predator manipulating the situation for personal gain.Bottom line
 I just got home from seeing this movie , and man this is bad.They do have a couple of funny sayings , but this movie is just boring.And it seemed like it lasted way too long.Please avoid this bad movie like the plague .
 Movie started out promising and then went nowhere , but seemed to last a long time .
 oh my , this movie was just wrong ! I give it a single star for the australian girl-friend . You knew what was going to happen , before it happend , your typical horror movie that played with the `` boo effect '' that has gone to crap over the years . You have the actress who played
 I just rented this movie for the cover art hoping to get a nice surprise . The script is just your average gate way to hell open by little kids . I would n't even recommend it as a rental . Bottom line is this movie is horrible avoid it like the plague .
 1 star for the PRODUCT .5 stars for the SERIES.I live in the UK . I used to watch this on ITV back in 1994 and have awaited a full series release ever since.You can imagine how much I wanted this product but alas the materials -LRB- Dual-Layer DVD-R used for high capacity MOD DVD discs -RRB- were not up to an acceptable standard!My DVDs arrived promptly but disc 1 was both badly scratched and entire chapters were unplayable.In my experience , any content requiring single layer DVD-R discs -LRB- i.e. less than 2 hours of content -RRB- should be fine but multi-episode dual-layer dvd-r recorded media from Warner Archive is unreliable.All my MOD animated movies including Rankin/Bass ' The Flight of Dragons & the 7 remaining unreleased -LRB- on DVD -RRB- Hanna-Barbera Superstars 10 movies from 1987-88 -LRB- The Jetsons Meet The Flintstones , etc -RRB- play perfectly . Long may they continue to do so!I do own The Jetsons Season 2 Volume 2 on MOD Discs -LRB- 3 disc set -RRB- and it is working fine -LRB- so far -RRB- . So not all multi-episode -LRB- dual-layer ? -RRB- discs are c *** . Be aware that feedback on MOD titles here at amazon.com is not exactly glowing or consistant!I would still like to buy The Pirates of Dark Water but again disc one is reported as faulty by too many customers who have purchased the item . Not sure if I should risk it ??? Jetsons S2 V2 - OKTime Trax S1 - EPIC FAIL!It all comes down to how much of a risk you 'd like to take for this officially licenced Warner Home Video/Warner Archive product . International customers should be careful.Final advice - If the content has 2hrs R/T or under 3rd parties -LRB- marketplace sellers -RRB- are OK but if any higher , in the case of Time Trax this is approximately 3 hours per disc -LRB- for the most part -RRB- , then you should ORDER DIRECTLY FROM AMAZON.COM for ease of return , refund or replacement if you get a dud disc in your copy.Amazon decided to refund my order costs rather than sending a replacement copy.Warner Archive MOD Discs should play -LRB- reported as region free -RRB- on a compatible device/machine/player regardless of the customers ' geographical region or location.This was the first Warner Acrchive title I had any trouble playing.Note
 2 of the DVDs are blank , I why not recommend this DVD when I cant even see all the episodes , My favorite show but crappy set .
 I love time trax , and I love collecting movies , the only problem that I have is when I pay a premium price for an item that is supposed to be brand new , but it turns out to be a dv case full of used and scratched/scuffed discs that have obviously seen their way around the break room or wherever some employee decided to watch it . I only come to that conclusion because the item is not from a private seller . It is suppose to be factory direct via amazon . Very disappointing . I begrudgingly will not send it back as I have been waiting a long time for these to be available and I am sure with all o the problems this item has had it probably wo n't be around very much longer , if you do n't care about condition than go for it .
 Specifically regarding Cascadia Lab 's Saturday Matinee DVD with Stagecoach to Denver and Homesteaders of Paradise Valley . These two Red Ryder films deserve better.Stagecoach to Denver is from a soft 16mm dupe print which has some segments that are very dark . However , it will suffice for viewing on a small , regular television screen . Do n't bother watching on an HD screen.Homesteaders of Paradise Valley is from a substandard 16mm dupe print which is soft but has much surface noise and flickering white horizontal lines . Also , some outdoor scenes are very dark . The soundtrack has an intermittent hum . Overall , this is fair to poor.These are available on Amazon for $ 2.60 with shipping . I think that is too much . If you can find this at a Dollar store , it is worth a dollar but not more . If you have low standards , you will not be disappointed.Cascadia seems to be like Alpha
 Will never use amazon again for streaming movies . Locks up . Read reviews online and everyone says same thing . Can niew on pc after changeing settings nut not on smart tv or dvd
 A child murderer must have seemed chilling in the 50 's but this film does not inspire much fear today . A little girl -LRB- supposedly born with psychopathic genes -RRB- goes out and kills people while her mother initially refuses to believe that her daughter is capable of such acts . Once the mother accepts that her daughter is indeed a killer , she battles her emotions over what to do . The characters in the film were ridiculous -LRB- creepy maintenance man , nosy and clueless landlady , the child 's husband , the -LRB- drunk -RRB- victim 's mother stood out the most The head scratching behavior exhibited from these characters killed any realistic drama the film might have sought the viewer to feel . Would not recommend this film .
 Despite the Oscar nominations and Golden Globe wins , THE BAD SEED has not aged all that well . It was adapted from a Broadway play taken from a best-selling novel that remains largely stage-bound with lots of expository material left to reveal plot and character . The acting honors are well-deserved , especially young Patty McCormack as the murderous brat but Nancy Kelly 's raspy whine is hard to take , inevitably reaching a near-howl as the story unfolds . Just when I was ready to hit the ` stop ' button , the grieving , drunken mom played marvelously with a tinge of humor by Eileen Heckart showed up -- twice -- thank goodness . Does anyone see a potential tv sitcom here ?
 Just recieved and watched a copy of this Blu-ray before the US release date . All I can say is that this is one of the worst looking Blu-rays I have ever seen in terms of sharpness and contrast . How Warner could allow this junk to be released is beyond me . Some of the best scenes look like DVD , but most of the running time exhibits softness reminding me of an old VHS tape.If no better source material exist , then there should be a large warning sticker on the cover . No , it should not be released on Blu-ray at all . Last week a glorious Ben Hur , and now this supersoft mess of a transfer . Hey Warner , what 's going on ?
 With all the reviews of THE BAD SEED already posted here , it does n't seem necessary to add any more comments about the film itself . However , if you 're thinking of `` upgrading '' your DVD of this movie to Blu-ray , do n't bother . The picture quality on this disc , as a previous viewer noted , is substandard for ANY format . All the things you would expect from a good Blu-ray edition , such as finely detailed images and remarkable clarity and contrast , are totally missing with this release . It 's also worth noting that the DVD was presented in a standard version , while the Blu-ray is in widescreen 1:85:1 . This might seem to be an improvement , but all indications are that the picture area has simply been enlarged to fill the screen . Many scenes seem rather awkwardly framed , with the actors ' heads almost cut off at the top . Sad to say it , but I think this was a low-budget rush job to get the disc out in time for Halloween . Very disappointing , to say the least .
 The stage version of `` The Bad Seed '' was brilliant with an equally brilliant ending.The movie is much too stagey , a bit too Broadwayesque in its presentation , that is , practically filming a stage show with all its limitations , including the stage-acting . . a tad pompous . Except for Patty McCormack , the other characters should have been re-cast .
 Did not have a chance to see it . Your movie did not plamy jpad . customer service did not . pick up phoneI paid for nothingwont ever do this again eill use my netflix
 If you have no imagination , and want to suffer intense boredom for a couple of hours , by all means watch this movie . I suppose it might have been the thing in 1956 , but now it 's drivel . I expect it to show up on Mystery Science Theater 3000 any day now .
 Having read the book by William March many years ago and really liking it , I recently had the chance to see the film version again . It is obviously not as good as the book ; in fact it is pretty terrible and laughable.It 's obvious that it 's just an opened up stage play ; it seems stiff and stilted and stagey ; everyone seems to speak loudly as if trying to make their voices reach the upper balconies of a theater . Pretty badly acted all around but the worst is Nancy Kelly . She got an Oscar nomination for this ?? All she does is scream or shout her lines in an increasingly hoarse voice and wrings her hands dramatically almost like a character in a Perils of Pauline movie . She is so laughably bad in every scene and her character is just about as stupid . Finally it takes a hammer to the head for her to figure out what 's going on.Patty McCormack and the usually excellent character actor Henry Jones are both pretty one-note in their performances . Enough said . But the saddest is to see the great Eileen Heckart overacting badly as a grieving drunk of a mother . Her histrionics make you want Rhoda to do away with her too . And the neighbor Monica ... equally annoying . I kept waiting for Rhoda to shove her down the stairs just to shut up her incessant prattling on about nothing.This was a huge hit on Broadway and the cast was carried over for the film version ; maybe it worked better on stage , I do n't know ... but it 's a pretty awful film ; not the classic it 's reputed to be . Not a bit of suspense or horror or anything else here to give you chills . Just a chance to watch some good actors like Heckart and Jones stumble around with a silly script and overact like kids in a high school play . It 's a lot of fun to watch if your intent is to not take it seriously and to make fun of it . Then you should have a good time . **** SPOILER FOLLOWS **** Best part ? The end when Rhoda gets nailed by a bolt of lightning . Too bad the lightning did n't get her mom at some point early on .
 This movie is a pathetic reworking of the dark anti-classic penned by William March . Rhoda Penmark , an innocent looking child is in fact a psychopathic killer . She has killed more than one person , including a classmate who won a penmanship medal.Expelled from the private school she attends because of her evasiveness in answering questions about her hounding of her classmate , Rhoda 's mother Christine embarks on a project to confront Rhoda once and for all . She discovers the child 's dark trait , attributes it to her own mother who was a mass murderer and in the movie , appears to be a stronger character than her literary counterpart.The movie is riveting and at times unbelievable . The ending is very anti-climatic , stupid and weak . It undermines the whole story and is just a cop out to appease the audience of the 1950s . The late 1985 remake is just plain terrible . Stupid and atrocious . Rhoda is called `` Rachel '' and the Fern School she attends is called the `` Fern Academy . '' Instead of having an absentee husband away on business , the mid-1980s Christine is a widow who attributes `` Rachel 's '' behavior to being over indulged . What baloney ! That does NOT add up!The 1985 remake had no saving graces whatsoever . It was a pathetic , wimpy , tired remake that was a poor version with an even poorer ending . It made no sense in places.The book , although quite good , also made no sense in the way Rhoda let Leroy the handyman harass her without telling somebody about how out of line he really was.This original version will hold your attention . I enjoyed it , except for the ending . The remake is just a waste of time . Do n't bother with the 1985 remake as it was nothing but a tragedy of the week and almost a mockery of this anti-classic . Note to Editorial
 The movie 's too long for the material it wants to go through , and the beginning 's tedium of mainstream 1950 's American family values is pretty awful to watch . There really is only one set in the whole picture and the characters are always talking up a storm , as there is a very tedious script . It 's interesting to hear some of the idiotic beliefs people had about psychology 50 or so years ago . Also some dime store psychology/biology about some people just having a bad gene which makes them do horrible things.All of the characters are guilty of overacting , but much more than anyone else of the times . Contains quite an overabundance of tedious melodrama . The cast expressed such flat acting you 'd think them catatonic schizophrenics.It 's not worth the watch if you 're bored or hate these kinds of movies.It also has n't aged very , I would n't recommend the film .
 A classic in the suspense field , this 1950 's film does not live up to its reputation.Rhoda -LRB- Patty McCormack -RRB- is a perfect little pig-tailed eight year old . She is overloved by her military dad , stoic mom , and even the frumpy landlady from upstairs . Her hunky father -LRB- William Hopper -RRB- leaves on temporary duty , and Christine -LRB- Nancy Kelly -RRB- is alone with Rhoda . A child dies at a school picnic , and it comes out that Rhoda was the last to see him alive . Rhoda really really wanted little Claude 's penmanship medal , something she felt she should have won.Christine begins to suspect all is not perfect with little Rhoda . She shows no emotion at losing the classmate , and somehow ends up with the disputed medal . Christine begins consulting with amateur psychologist/landlady Monica -LRB- Evelyn Varden -RRB- , and a criminologist . Much is made of environment playing the main role in a child 's criminal behavior , not genetics.As Christine begins suspecting Rhoda more , weird handyman Leroy -LRB- Henry Jones , who is great -RRB- begins teasing Rhoda , knowing she was involved . Christine 's reporter dad -LRB- Paul Fix -RRB- drops by with the bombshell that Christine was in fact adopted and her birth mother was a murderer whose case the father was covering.As Christine tries to battle these life changing issues , another major character dies . Christine then makes the decision to stop Rhoda 's murderous habits for good , and take herself out of the picture as well.While often placed in the horror section of video stores , this is more Hitchcockian suspense than anything . On the positive , it does contain some creepy scenes . When McCormack describes how she killed her classmate , I got chills down my spine . Also Kelly 's recounting of her recurring dream about escaping from her real mother 's house when she was a toddler is also good . Kelly and McCormack deserved their Oscar nominations for these brief scenes alone.Director LeRoy makes no bones about this story 's popularity on the stage first , and there are too many scenes set in Christine 's living room . He does not try to open it up enough , and instead of claustrophobia , boredom sets in . It is one thing for a mother not wanting to believe the worst of her child , it is another when the mother seems too stupid not to believe the worst . LeRoy overplays everyone 's love for the child , to the point of nausea.While the audience knows the child is a killer , we must sit through quite a few static dialogue scenes before others figure it out . While Jones is good as Leroy , it seems his fate is put near the end of the film so we would not be mad at Christine , who could have stopped her daughter from harming him . He is made lecherous and weird , so we wo n't feel bad when anything happens to him.The cast here is way over the top . Much of the gestures are very broad , and even the speech delivery is overly theatrical . The cast still seems to be playing for a live audience , and there is not the intimacy of film in the execution here . Eileen Heckart is the dead boy 's drunk grieving mom , and plays her as that and nothing more.A word about the ending . The cast is called back out for a curtain call , just like onstage . Then actress Kelly play-spanks actress McCormack , both laughing . I do not know if this was supposed to diffuse the downer ending , but instead it negates it , trying too hard to remind the audience that this is just a movie.Despite the few tense scenes , this is a very dry and boring film . The cast tries to liven it , but they try too hard , resulting in overacting an underwritten story . I hate to do this , and I may be the only one on this planet , but I do not recommend `` The Bad Seed . `` This is unrated , and contains adult situations .
 This is a crude plug for genetic determinism of a sociopathic child murderer . While some of the details of the plot are frightening - a child committing savage acts for the most mundane of motives - the one-sided assumption that it is purely because of `` bad genes '' ruined the experience for me . Sure , I admit my bias for a combination of genetic temperament with environment to explain who we become , so my revulsion is personal . I just think viewers should know about the film 's message ,
 This is one of my favorite movies to watch with my mom but unfortunately it was very choppy and did not work well on my kindle fire . Amazon refunded me for my purchase though so that 's good !
 This was a sadly typical horror flick ; in all fairness I do n't like horror flicks and at first did n't realize this was one of them . It did n't take long for the movie to clearly identify itself as a movie devoted to blood and gore.If you 're really into horror movies you may enjoy this one ; for those of us who do n't , this is a great one to skip !
 Starts good , but fall on it 's face past half of the movie . Definitely another Stephen King film . Never again .
 I have n't seen the DVD , but some time ago I saw the movie in the theatre . Please forgive me for not having clearer details for you.While I agree that this movie is n't a classic by any means , I will say that there is an aspect of the film that appealed to me . The film impressed me with it 's depiction of the mental state that has often been described as either an `` out of body experience '' or `` possessed and out of body control '' . In the movie , one of the characters has his body possessed and he is seen as inhabiting a room . The room has secrets that he is attempting to guard from the invading entity . The door to the room is locked and being assaulted by the entity.While in the room , the character looks through a window and sees all the things that his body is doing , but of course which he is n't performing . He speaks to the other characters without being heard . He laments the horror that befalls his friends but is helpless to assist them . His only recourse is to fight off letting the entity enter the room.I love innovation and I thought that this was creative . Perhaps the other reviewers remember these scenes , or will look at the movie again and hopefully see the `` new '' thought that was given to this reported phenomenon . Mass murderers , psychos , demon possessed individuals who commit atrocities upon our society , could creatively be depicted in this fashion in film and it would give greater depth to their story of not feeling responsible.Anyway , I thought that it was innovative , and it 's probably the sole reason that I will purchase the DVD .
 this movie started off really interesting and iwas really into it but as soon as i saw those mini versions of the monsters from dep rising it got pretty bad and the story changed entirely infact the first and last half of the film have no relavence to each other what so ever . Like i said it started off like the movie ` IT ' and then tuned into a blatant rip off of ` The Thing ' wich by the way was much better than dreamcatcher , the idea of changin something in the plot of a movie that really changes your perception of what your seeing can work very well thats if you turn it into something original and not so corny like dreamcatchers plot , if you wan na see a plot change that works fantastically and tuns into some thing much better than what you were watching and really makes you think more highly of it see ` Frailty ' which was directed by bill paxton about the story of a father who claims he 's been told by god to destry the demons of the world who are sinners -LRB- people -RRB- and its a really interesting movie and you 'll really appreciate the plot turn at the end of the movie .
 Now i understand why Warner Brothers attached `` Last flight of Osiris '' -LRB- the Animatrix short -RRB- before this movie ... The beggining of this movie is good , but then , it goes out of control ! ... Very very bad movie ... something like : Stand by me + ID4 * X-files / Alien = Dreamcatcher
 I enjoyed the book Dreamcatchers as a typical Stephen King thriller with its supernatural elements and strong childhood friendships guiding the way . Excited to see what how the movie brought the book to life , I was so completely disappointed by this mutilation of a film that I almost walked out in utter disgust.Basic plot is four childhood friends have another , `` special '' friend , Duddits -LRB- special in that he 's both retarded and absurdly gifted , as Stephen King does so well -RRB- . As adults the boys use these friendships to combat an alien invasion that comes to earth . We have the additional military element trying to contain the invasion , complete with possibly insane general at the helm.The book had great intertwining plot twists , woven together as only King can . I can only surmise that the movie suffered from massive editing , or that King was still on pain meds from being hit by that car and thus delusional as the screenplay was written . I know things sometimes change when adapted to the screen , but to change entire endings -LRB- not to give it away , but the whole Duddits ending was unbelievably ridiculous -RRB- drives me up the wall , particularly when that change turns a great pleasure read into some Hollywood-ized , special effect , big-budget alien mess . Unless you 're a thirteen year-old boy with a vast collection of bad sci-fi and action movies , avoid this wreck of an enjoyable read . If I could give it half a star , I would .
 An absolute nightmare . A film filled with unecessary cruelty and poor storytelling . Stephen King has written better tales and has had his name attatched to better projects . Is this the same Kasdan who co-wrote `` The Empire Strikes Back ? '' This mess leaves a bad taste . The worst film of 2003 .
 DREAMCATCHER , as a title , suggests there may be story reasons for spending time watching this movie . Stephen King does know how to spin a tale -LRB- as we are reminded in seeing at least one of his books make it to the screen every year -RRB- . The problem is there just is no story here . A scary movie ? No , a very funny spoof of the alien genre duds perhaps . BUT , there are four really good reasons to sit through this otherwise forgetable bit of indigestion
 STEVEN KINGS MOVIE ... DreamcatcherHAS TO BE ONE OF THE MOST DUMB-ASS MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEENI WO N'T TELL YOU ANYMORE THEN THATBUY OR RENT THIS MOVIE . . AND FIND OUT THE HARD WAY ... LIKE I DID .
 Just watched Dreamcatcher , and I can sum up my review in one word - retarded.This would be a good for the guys at MST to get a hold of because more often than not this film is unintentionally funny.Aside from a stupid plot and ridiculous dialogue , the main resolution of the movie is never explained . There 's never even the slightest attempt to explain why the movie 's hero at the end did what he did to save the world.Not quite as awful as Battlefield Earth , but it 's in that second or third tier of awful sci-fi/horror flicks.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 Be aware that Amazon has been aware for over a month that this movie wo n't download from their server , yet they have done nothing to fix it . You would think they would either fix the problem , or just remove the movie from their available download list .
 An very good book -LRB- so I 'm told -RRB- , an amazing director -LRB- Lawrence Kasdan of `` Silverado '' , `` Grand Canyon '' and `` The Big Chill '' -RRB- and an excellent cast should make for a good movie right ??? Wrong . This movie was so bad it hurt . The storyline quickly became bizaree and impluasible , the effects were gory , but not interesting gory , and the direction was , well ... The acting was fairly good , but they just did n't have anything to work with . DO NOT buy this . Do n't even rent it -LRB- note that it had a very short-lived theatrical release -RRB- . If it is on cable , find something else too watch .
 Though the beginning of the movie sparks some initial interest with the relationship of the four main characters and their special `` gift '' , not much is done with this -LRB- or not enough -RRB- and it 's only a couple of scenes that give this movie very Limited Entertainment Value!In otherwords , a dud !
 This is not your average stephen king movie . the only reason i give it 2 stars is because it had a really good start , but went down hill after that . if you like wierd alien movies then check it out . but slimy eel looking things coming out of animals butts is really not what i find scary .
 ... and I say this with a heavy heart , because I love Stephen King , and I am fan of Lawrence Kasdan , ever since he impressed me greatly with his masterpiece impressive debut Body Heat.But Dreamcatcher was actually awful!First of all it was as scary and exciting as watching cricket , and instead we get scene after scene of digital special effects that after a while become so tiresome to watch.The film looks like Alien , Independence Day , Signs , even Men In Black and an assortment of earlier King adaptations , without really having an identity and character of its own , or coherence for that matter.King 's themes do occur yet again in abundance , the kids/grown-ups with powers/gifts , which was so sporadically treated , it became quite insignificant to the whole plot.The Dreamcatcher itself which I thought would have a greater significance -LRB- catching nightmares . . -RRB- , was too just a ` passing gimmick ' . The monsters and aliens got the biggest crunch of the script , and this is where the main problem lies . While the monsters were very well digitally constructed , there was simply too much of them to leave any room for suspense , tension or imagination.I think Kasdan tried to compensate the digital overdose with the beautiful scenery of the woods and the snow , shot from different angles , but it was a case of too little too lateAnother point that baffled me is the fact that the main evil alien has an inexplicably English accent !!??! It was totally unnecessary and devoid of any cheeky humour as probably intended.And , this is by far Morgan Freeman 's worst role . His character was so cliched and way over the top
 This film gets my vote as one of the worst films I 've ever seen in my entire life and that 's saying a lot . I 've not read the book so I 'm sure whatever was done here was not Stephen King 's fault ! What is Morgan Freeman doing in this moronic piece of crap ? I can not believe , at this juncture , that this film has three stars on Amazon.com !!!! If I could give it less than one star , I would ! Avoid avoid avoid !
 This supposed `` horror '' movie has a lame plot that never develops despite expecting you to sit through it 's awful 124 minute run time . `` Dreamcatcher , '' like most Stephen King movies , should have aired on TV and spared the poor saps who spent money on his latest piece of trash .
 I did n't really have high hopes for this movie but sometimes you 're just in the mood for a scary movie set in the snowy woods of Maine.The best things about this film were the chilling opening credits and the special effects . The beginning of the film showed some promise ; the characters seemed to have some depth and the story was mysterious . But once the four got together in that cabin , the whole thing took a nose-dive . It turned into a bad version of `` The Thing . '' But it was n't scary . It was funny without trying to be . The possessed guy sounded like Mr. Wick from the Drew Carey Show . This is the only time I 've seen Morgan Freeman suck . -LRB- The script 's fault , not Morgan 's -RRB- In the interview with Stephen King on the DVD , he sums it all up when he says that the main reason he wrote the book was for the toilet scene . He wanted that scene to do for the toilet what Psycho did for the shower . The main difference being , the Psycho scene was scary.This DVD contains `` deleted '' scenes ; they really should have deleted all of them.In closing , I believe that the only people to have made a decent film based on a Stephen King story are Tobe Hooper and Stanley Kubrick ...
 Dreamcatcher , it is based on a stephen king book.This movie awful ! It 's about 4 boys who befriended a alien when they were young and developed telepathic powers and a few other neat abilities , then 20 years later those powers come in handy when an alien invasion takes place.Kinda sounds interesting and the first half of the movie is auctually decent.Showing the boys , now adults , useing their ability and the results.As well as slowly showing their past and how they met the mysterious alien and got to be like they are.For a short time there the flick was shapeing up to be okay and had a creepy style to it.The second half of the movie takes a huge nosedive though and turns into an awful alien B-movie . The kind you 'd see on the sci-fi channel on a weekend and would only watch because nothing else is on.The strange thing is Morgan freemen is in this movie so you 'd think it would at least be okay then right ? Wrong.I wonder how the hell he was talked into starring in this turkey ... From what i hear the book was way better though and the director of the movie really swerved ofcoarse with it.Which is a shame as it started out interesting and had a decent , though horribley executed concept.There was also nothing scary about it either dispite the movie being billed as a horror flick .
 I read this book recently while traveling - like most Stephen King novels , the book holds the reader 's attention - with sufficient descriptions , narratives and character development . Unfortunately , this adaptation significantly deviates from the story 's plot , is not a true representation of how the tale is told in King 's novel . In fact , there are several scenes that are not representative of anything in the novel and the distortion of a solid sci fi/horror story is very disappointing . If you 've read the book I 'm sure that you 'll find yourself numerous times wanting to turn off the movie and retain your fond memories of a good read .
 This movie is absolutely terrible ! I had to ask myself if this is the downfall of Morgan Freeman . I do n't know why a respected actor , such as Morgan Freeman , would take on such a script . This want to be `` aliens '' movie leaves much distaste with it 's gorry scences and lack of script . Save your time and money!This movie starts out with a lot of potential . After the first alien comes out of the persons butt , with LOTS of blood , I was ready to turn my head and read a book , which I should 've done . Graphic scene after graphic scene is what this movie is about . Unless you are into blood and evil creatures , do not buy this movie !!!!
 Dreamcatcher starts out great with interesting characters and fine actors playing them . Then it quickly turns into sci-fi/horror film when it would 've worked better if it was more like Starman . I mean Damian Lewis , Jason Lee , Thomas Jane , Timothy Olyphant are all charming in their roles and it would 've been better if you had all 4 of them together through-out the movie . Instead their characters scatter apart early in the movie and is only one scene of them all together as grown-ups . They have a sweet relationship with a retarded kid . He gives them all the power to read minds and to use their fingers to locate stuff by just ... twirling their fingers . I think the retarded kid was supposed to be an alien or something . The script throws so much in one movie it 's hard to follow it all . Would 've worked better as a mini-series on ABC possibly.The friends come across people who have bad gas and their stomachs are bulging out . The reaction on the friends faces as these people let go a few is funny . Timothy Olyphant 's expressions are best . I liked him the most in this movie and sadly they do n't do as much with his character as they could 've . After seeing him in -LRB- Scream 2 and Go -RRB- I 've been a fan of his and his potential of being a big star is wasted here . As they could 've done so much more with him.Anyway they find people with bad gas and turns out they have aliens inside them who exit through their behinds . So yes the movie falls apart there . It 's a shame because the film has times when it 's fascinating and if they kept those 4 friends together through the whole movie it would 've been a lot better . Cut out the aliens and throw in a plot with 4 friends trying to save the world from anything but aliens who live in buttocks and it would 've been good.Oh yeah the leader alien inhabbits Damian Lewis and makes him talk with this John Cleese like english accent ... I know scary . On top of that Morgan Freeman is actually bad in a movie . He plays this crazy general who is just laughable and hard to take serious . He 's much better at playing a sweet warm-hearted guy than he is as a bad guy and I hope he learned from his mistake with Dreamcatcher . Everyone else is good though and it 's a shame they all thought they were making a good movie and did n't actually read the script first lol .
 Many things in the movie do not connect . A lot of things in the beginning have absolutely nothing to do with the outcome at the end . If you 're going to place events in a movie , then place them there for a reason!The story is done in a way that tries to make the movie special , but it turns out to be just another `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' type of movie . This is good to watch one time , but after that you wo n't want to watch it over and over again . Spend your money on something else .
 This movie proves the thesis that Stephen King 's books make terrible movies . Basically a retelling of the monster in the woods tale , the success of the book is in the complex and textured interweaving of five friends , all linked , all with extraordinary gifts . One is extraordinary ; although the weakest in body and mind , he is the strongest in spirit . The movie misses all of this , and butcher 's the ending . This is among King 's masterworks , and the movie does it little justice . Morgan Freeman , usually a strong enough force to carry a script on his own shoulders , is wooden and stereotypic . It might take you longer , but I recommend that you spend a couple of days reading the book than trying to make sense of this hacked up and bland rendering .
 This movie could have been so much better . It started out fairly well but just did n't hold together after the initial introduction . The movie lost me completely in the bathroom scene . You 've got a monster trapped in the toilet , but that toothpick on the floor is out of your reach , and you need it so badly that you let the monster out to get it ? You have to ask yourself , `` What 's WRONG with this person ? `` Morgan Freeman 's performance in this movie was also a big disappointment . He 's such a talented actor , but here he seems to be just going through the motions . His character just falls flat . And as noted in an earlier review , the hair and eyebrows make him look silly and cartoonish.No big surprises in the final battle sequence . You pretty much know by this point who the two sides are going to be . But that last little bit after the fight - whose idea was that ? I just wanted to shout at the television , `` What ? NO ! That CA N'T be the end ! '' What a let-down .
 I did n't really care for this movie but it 's not the worst I have seen . If you liked the book , then you will probably feel the same as I do.The movie just misses way too much of the story and the ending is completely horrible . I watched this because I really liked the book and was hoping that this would be somewhat worthy but it is not . Why are so many movies that are made from Stephen King stories so off ? His books are incredible -LRB- one of my favorite authors -RRB- but the movies are mostly flat . I think they miss out on the feelings that King displays so well in his characters.I 'd recommend reading the book and skipping this movie all together .
 We 've all seen Hollywood ruin some of Stephen King 's most engrossing novels , but we ca n't blame Hollywood too much for this cinematic disaster . Dreamcatcher is just a lousy story ; it pains me to say it , as no one loves and respects Stephen King more than I do , but this has to be the worst story idea that ever came out of his usually brilliant mind . I 'm ashamed to say I have yet to read the actual novel , but it seems pretty clear to me that - assuming the novel actually tells a coherent story with King 's usually impressive characterization - it would be extremely difficult if not impossible to transform it into a good movie . The metaphors this film attempts to emulate die horrible deaths when removed from King 's original pages , tempting the viewer to actually laugh at the way they are portrayed onscreen . If you thought Herman 's Head was silly -LRB- hey - I actually liked Herman 's Head -RRB- , wait until you how this film handles that whole mindspeak thing . The harsh , regrettable truth is that Dreamcatcher is just a thoroughly ridiculous movie.We start out with four thirty-something , clearly weird buddies . Each possesses some kind of gift , such as the ability to read others ' minds . I got the impression they were all some sort of test subjects in a black ops project during their youth . I was quite wrong about that , as they actually owe their uncommon abilities to their friendship long ago with a mentally challenged young man named Duddits . The guys all head out to a mountain cabin every winter to think about their good friend , yet none of them has apparently bothered to see or even speak to him in twenty years - uh , OK . Back in the cabin , the guys have barely begun comparing their individual oddities and exchanging movie trivia when the snow starts to hit the fan . It begins with a couple of stranded individuals turning up with a nasty rash , and then , before you can say `` I Duddits , '' our main characters find themselves smack dab in the middle of a mysterious military quarantine . Soon , they 're fighting for their lives against nasty , slimy worms with more teeth than they can possibly need . The worms are actually aliens executing a master plan to take over the world , and - would n't you know it - Duddits seemingly tried to warn them about this twenty years ago . When Mr. Gray shows up about an hour into the film , you can consider the shark thoroughly jumped ; from there on out , the whole story is just laughable.Like others before me , I have to wonder why Morgan Freeman -LRB- the world 's greatest living actor -RRB- signed on to this project . It 's not like he had never had a chance to play a sort-of bad guy before , so I can only assume that he did n't read the script before signing the contract . Freeman is still good , of course -LRB- despite the odd fact that his eyebrows are huge for no apparent reason -RRB- , as are his fellow actors , and I have no complaints about the special effects whatsoever -LRB- well , just one - while it 's snowing pretty good out there in the woods , there 's never any falling snow to be seen in aerial shots of helicopters flying overhead -RRB- . All of the wormy aliens look quite real , and there 's a fair share of gore to be enjoyed on several occasions . Dreamcatcher 's overwhelming problem is its story . For one thing , it never really tells us enough about that whole Duddits business - or about the aliens , who have apparently been visiting Earth for at least a quarter of a century . And that thing with the toothpick ? Well , you 'll know what I 'm talking about if you see the movie . And who drew up such a cumbersome alien invasion plan in the first place ? Any sentient being could have gotten the job done in about five minutes - with five tentacles tied behind his back , no less . And , just to repeat myself , what is up with these guys never taking a couple of hours to visit Duddits after they grew up ? This is only the person who gave each of them extraordinary abilities , and they all go on and on about how much they love the guy , yet they 'd rather drive up to a cabin in the woods every year and think about him than actually trouble themselves to visit or call.Here 's the bottom line
 This is one of the worst Stephen King adaptations I have ever seen . I read the book first , enjoying it more than the last few by him I 've read.I think many reviewers are being too kind with this film . I will go so far as to say it is almost entirely miscast , with the grand poobah of miscasting being Morgan Freeman . He does n't come even close to conveying the evil of his character . The British accent of Mr. Grey was nearly unbearable , and the ending , for those of us who have read the book , comes completely from left field . I do n't understand what the director and writers and producers were thinking when they penned that . `` Hmm , we obviously ca n't use the King ending -- it 's heartwarming and heartbreaking at the same time and actually wraps up the story in a manner that makes sense . We ca n't have that . '' I hope SK got a big paycheck to look the other way because they really took a d * mp on his work.I do believe part of the problem is that SK 's dialogue often does n't transfer well to the big screen . Verbatim tidbits that I remember from the novel coming out of the actor 's mouths often fell flat.I give two stars for the things the movie does well . The gestating weasel and subsequent bathroom scene was very well done . The cabin as it gets covered with spores is also great . Actually , most of the first act material is pretty decent -LRB- aside from the casting -RRB- , plus the library/office stuff inside the main character 's head . If you have n't read the book , your chances of enjoyment are much greater , and I could possibly see this as a decent monster/action time passer . If you 've read the book , see it only as a rubbernecker .
 A british accent ... why , dear god , why did the alien have a british accent ... I admit , I laughed at some of the dialogue that was delivered by the decent cast but seriously , this movie had no plot ... It 's like the screenwriter had ADD . The story flipped around so dramatically , you had no real idea what was going on and not to mention the fact there was just some ridiculous stuff in it . Yeah , a homing beacon in hand gun which was used as a phone and later used to take a helicopter down that was doing strafing runs . The whole story would lead you to a point where it would explain things , then it would shove a new topic down your throat . Oh yeah , the ending was ridiculous and I 'm not just talking about the the New Kid turning into an alien . The fact `` Jonesy '' steps on the damn worm and they look at each other and smile and that 's the end . Thank god this is the first Stephen King book-to-movie that has flubbed ... Oh wait ! It 's not . Hopefully , Hollywood will catch on and realize his books can not be adapted to movies and go back to just filming worthless crap by no-name screen writers rather than ruining the name of a well-respected author .
 This is perhaps the worst big-budget horror film I 've ever seen.I 'm just surprised these guys did n't realize what a horrible turkey they had on their hands and sent it straight to video . At least then they could salve their pride . This movie is crude , It 's got enormous , ridiculous plot holes . It 's basically unwatchable for anyone who has n't read the book.My sense is that this is a monster movie masquerading as science fiction , but it 's just not smart enough to be convincing in either genre . The script is just too thin , and disjointed , despite being amazingly long.Lawrence Kasdan is the writer for ` The Empire Strikes Back and is a legendary talent - I 'm sure this project was sold on his famous name , so this is a professional tragedy of sorts . Hopefully this is n't his last work .
 Sometimes Stephen King novels can make excellent film adaptions . This is not one of those films . So badly acted to the point that I began to wonder if the acting was deliberately cheesy.And why are the Maine accents in these Stephen King movies always so exaggerated ?? Maine is beautiful , but I think the mention of Maine and Massachusetts in this film was a little much , yes we get it , we know the locale , yeah it is cool to be filming a Stephen king novel , blah blah.Some of the phrases , delivered in moments of suprise or fright , obviously lifted right out of the book , just seemed so acted and unnatural . -LRB- And who really talks like this anyway , except in a King novel -RRB- We start the story with 4 young friends who come to the rescue of a `` challenged '' boy . One of these kids decides it will soothe the boy to start singing `` Blue Bayou '' -LRB- caution
 I 'll start by saying that I have not read the book , so all I have to talk about here is the film , which in the end must stand or fall on its own merits , or lack thereof . Unfortunately , the main elements are all-too-familiar Stephen King fare ; telepathy , childhood buddies , a mentally handicapped person with unusual powers , etc. . A couple of the flashback scenes could have been taken straight from `` Stand by Me '' . While the book could conceivably -LRB- and probably does -RRB- layer on enough depth over the aforementioned basic elements to make the story more interesting and engaging , the film does not . Instead , it comes across more as a feature-length `` Tales from The Crypt '' episode.Despite all this , there are some good performances , notably by Damian Lewis , who continues to demonstrate the low-key style he put to such good effect in `` Band of Brothers '' . Here , he 's able to playfully counterpoint with a totally over-the-top portrayal of his `` Jonesey '' character taken over by an alien entity -LRB- getting to use a version of his native English accent in the process -RRB- . Surprisingly , Morgan Freeman `` phones in '' his performance as the unhinged covert government alien fighter . Granted , the script does n't give him a whole lot to work with.The creature effects are reasonably well done , but anything less would be totally unacceptable in this day and age.I originally had misgivings about watching this movie alone at night . I need n't have worried ; because of its failure to engage the audience on several levels , this film is not nearly as scary as it might have been , so it clearly misses the mark .
 I read the book first and it 's a good thing I did . The movie left out many key elements that made the book good . Now I personally was not blown away by the book but it was a good read none the less . Without reading the book you have no idea why Jonesey is in the room looking out the window or what the purpose is of him gathering boxes . They left out Mr Gray 's love of bacon . There was so much that was left out or just plain ignored . The football player trying to make Duddits eat the item at the beginning of the movie , they do n't cover his death . They completly changed the ending . The ending to the movie was very badly done . There was so much that was changed that it completely ruined the movie . On a final note , the Scooby Doo references and catch phrases just do not come across with the same passion and meaning as they did in the book . I am not kidding about that either , the whole Duddits character was so badly cast and played out in this movie that even if everything else had been perfect , the movie would have still been bad . Duddits was the pivotal character here . Everything was really centered around him and yet he was relagated to a side character and only gets maybe 15 minutes out of 2 hours and 15 minutes . Overall , skip this movie and grab the book .
 If I had not read the book this movie would have made little or no sense at all , -LRB- not that it was very understandable even having read the book -RRB- . A great book which could have been a great movie , but never achieved the promise of the cast , or story . I was really looking forward to the film being a `` constant reader '' as Mr. King calls us , to the conflict between good and evil , the Duddits connection -LRB- from watching the movie you have no idea of what the connection between him and the other boys/men was -RRB- . The story line was choppy , trying to fill in the gaps with a few flashback scenes , you never really got the point that Mr. Gray had taken over one of the friends , -LRB- they had to have a character tell you this so you knew what was happening -RRB- . The lack of detail in the second half of the movie was confusing , and the new ending was a disappointment .
 Dreamcatcher was n't a horrible movie but maybe if I had read the book I would have gotten a better feel for the film . The film is long and drawn out and never really expalins what 's going on . Jason Lee 's performance is what saved the film for me . Kudos also go to Thomas Jane who just appeared in the vastly superior The Mist . I guess I will read the book and then view the film again . I would say the film is for die hard King fans only .
 the DVD froze up on us in the same spot each time we tried to play it . Did n't matter what we tried to do to get past the spot , it was froze up only about a third of the way through the movie . We had looked all over for this movie as we loved it and watched it whenever it came on cable tv , but wanted a copy of our own . Were very disapointed with the quality of the DVD , and also with the return policy . My question is , how do you know the DVD is of bad quality until you open it and play it ??
 Stephen King is a very good writer and he can make you feel scared , but whn they adapt a book to the movies they only make trash . People full of manias and fears , people with faces of fake fear and trying to make you scared , and non-sense flashbacks . Since `` The Shine '' no movie had success in movies . And Morgan Freeman ca n't save the movie .
 good golly , is this movie terrible . am i the only one who freaked out -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- when my dandy five-man drama exploded into a terrible sci-fi epic too terrible to even land a deal with the sci-fi network ? this is two -LRB- or 3 or 4 -RRB- movies in one . and none of them are good . stay far , far away .
 I love horror films and tend to be extremely forgiving of even the worst schlock , but Dreamcatcher is truly a disappointment . Upon first viewing there were aspects of this film that I enjoyed , but the more I thought about it ... the less any of it made sense . The plot is convoluted , the characters are wasted , and the alien fungus-monsters seem to have the psychic ability to create massive plot holes wherever they roam.Stephen King cannabalized half a dozen of his previous works to produce this self-plagiarism , and the movie adaptation is even worse . I have seen -LRB- and own -RRB- some of the worst movies ever made , and I enjoy them greatly -- but Dreamcatcher does not merit a second viewing ... or a first , for that matter .
 THIIS IS ONE OF THE ABSOLUTE WORST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN . IT WAS PURE TORTURE SITTING AND WATCHING IT . I KEPT THINKING TO MYSELF THIS HAS TO GET BETTER IT CANT GET ANY WORSE . IT PROCEDED TO GET EVEN WORSE AND WORSE BY EVERY MOMENT , WATCHING THIS MOVIE IS A WASTE OF TIME , ENERGY , SANITY , AND MONEY . IF YOU LIKE STEPHEN AND I DO , PLEASE DO YOURSELF THE FAVOR AND DONT TORTURE YOURSELF WITH THIS POORLY ACTED , POORLY SCRIPTED , POORLY STUPID LOOKIN ALIENS . . BY FAR ONE OF THE WORST THINGS I HAVE EVER SAT THROUGH IN MY LIFE . I GAVE THIS MOVIE 1 STAR SIMPLY BECAUSE ZERO WAS NOT AN OPTION.THIS MOVIE SUCKS !!!!!!
 Reviewer coming from someone who never read the book : Movie starts out pretty good actually . The tension and suspense fit the mood of the movie , with an attempted suicide , a car accident , and some haunted childhood flashbacks . You kinda want to know about these guys and their mysterious past . The part with Jason Lee on the toilet was inventive and exciting , and you feel like you will be in a great ride of a movie.Then the horror begins , the horror being how terrible and unwatchable this movie turns into . It 's just so crappy a plot and the acting is so dumb . Morgan Freeman looks so bored and just a waste of supreme talent . Jonesy talking to himself in a British accent is just laughable , and I actually cringed when it happened , almost embarrassed for the actor -LRB- who is a pretty decent actor outside this movie -RRB- . If only the movie continued on from the potential beginning , this would have been a decent watchable horror thriller . Like focus on the 4 guys in the cabin and their haunted past , while fighting a couple aliens with their powers or something , and just forgot about the rest.OH WELL !
 How disappointing . Its extremely rare when you see a film that is faithful to the novel . Apparently they did n't want to remain faithful to story . Can someone please make a good adaptation of a stephen king novel ? Does any studio exist that will take the time to do this ? Please lord . Good to see more upcoming actors like Jason Lee and Timothy Olyphant get more screen time although the film does n't do them much justice . Watch this one with no expectations and you may like it . That and I hope you did n't read the novel first .
 Dreamcatcher -LRB- Lawrence Kasdan , 2003 -RRB- The first thing you have to ask yourself is , `` what the hell was Lawrence Kasdan thinking ? '' The second is , `` How on earth did he convince Morgan Freeman to waste however much of his life it took to film this mess ? `` Even adaptation magician William Goldman , who 's been responsible for some of the best scripts in the business , could n't save what was , arguably , Stephen King 's worst novel . Its plot
 Someone at my local movie group suggested this movie be re-titled `` Earth Versus the Arse-Monsters '' . The idea was that such a stupid title would give the movie an appropriate cheesy B-grade air , allowing us to enjoy it on a so-bad-it 's - almost-good basis . A movie called ` Dreamcatcher ' based on a novel by someone the calibre of Stephen King just makes it all seem too serious.I think the big problem with this movie is that it 's full of ideas that do n't translate that well to the screen . For example , the `` memory warehouse '' works alot better as an abstact thought from a book . Seeing them depict an actual warehouse filled with physical memories that the character searches through comes across as silly instead of mysterious . Likewise , the concept of aliens breeding inside people 's intestines could be horrific or disturbing , but actually seeing people exploding blood and flatulence from their backsides is just corny.It does n't help that there were some very strange artistic decisions made here . Why the toothpick on the floor ? Why the gun-telephone ?? Why does Jonesy talk like a demented English butler when possessed ?? What 's with the eyebrows ? There are just too many of these unintentionally funny moments that distract us . Likewise , the random gore , the often cheesy dialogue , and the cliched characterisation are more suited to a teen slasher flick than the supposedly serious movie this tries to be.To me , it appears the filmakers were uncertain whether to remain loyal to King 's deeper , intellectual story or just go for a straight thriller/horror flick . In the end ` Dreamcatcher ' does n't really do either . It 's too unintentionally silly and corny to take seriously , but too po-faced and self-conscious to be enjoyed as a mindless popcorn slasher . The fact that it ca n't appeal to either audience is obviously why it flopped . Perhaps it might have been better in a different format , but I feel ` Dreamcatcher ' is one of those books that just does n't work on the big screen . It should have been left alone .
 The movie is incredibly entertaining ... unfortunately , for all the wrong reasons . The upside
 You know , I can remember when the name Stephen King was associated with words such as `` scary '' , `` horrifying '' , and `` suspenseful '' . Then he got hit by a car and those words changed to `` stupid '' , `` insipid '' , and `` God-awful '' . All three of those latter words could be used to describe the film `` Dreamcatcher '' , a movie so bad I can scarcely tell where to begin . Maybe it 's the fact that this horror movie is full of more flatulence than `` Blazing Saddles '' . Maybe it 's because the world is saved from destruction by a forty-year-old retarded alien with leukemia . Maybe it 's because said alien carries a childs lunch box and heroically yells `` I Dudditz ! '' before vanquishing his foe . I 'm not sure . But here 's the plot , just so you do n't think I 'm being unfair . Out in the middle of a snowy place , four friends were enjoying a weekend away from the hassles of modern life when suddenly things go awry . Two of these friends go out for supplies while the other two stay at their log cabin and happen upon a wounded hunter stumbling through the forest . They take pity upon him and bring him back to their cabin where he starts farting up a storm . No , I 'm not kidding . After passing enough gas to inflate a barrage balloon , the hunter lies down to get some sleep . He goes to the bathroom to resolve his gastro-intestinal woes and discovers that he has given birth to a small alien who then eats one of the occupants of the cabin . Thankfully , the alien is much more civilized and can contain his own gas . Anyway , the other guy who 's still alive -LRB- played by Damian Lewis of `` Band of Brother '' fame -RRB- gets posessed by this alien who , oddly , has a posh British accent . Meanwhile the other two schmucks are involved in a bad car accident , survive , and discover yet another fart factory who quickly squirts out another alien that kills off one more friend . And then there were two . At this point we learn that the area that all of this is happening in has been quarentined by a covert anti-alien task force commanded by Morgan Freeman and Tom Sizemore . Both actors put just enough effort into their roles to ensure that they get paid . It looks like the world is going to end when one of the friends -LRB- it 's hard to remember their names because they 're so cardboard -RRB- realizes that their old retarded buddy Douglas is the key to warding off full scale alien invasion . Thankfully Douglas -LRB- who pronounces his name `` Dudditz '' -RRB- lives nearby and , after packing his lunchbox , joins the heroic crew off to battle the poot-inducing menace . A battle takes place in which Dudditz -LRB- played by Donnie Whalberg -RRB- stikes a Superman-like pose , extends his arms , and bellows `` I Dudditz ! '' which apparently is the magic word to turn yourself into a stupid-looking alien . Thus the world is saved and you 've wasted two and a half hours that you can never get back . I 'll end with a plea to all Hollywood types out there to please offer better work to former castmembers of `` Band of Brothers '' . Now that `` Boomtown '' has been cancelled , they need good work , not Tabasco-inspired trash like `` Dreamcatcher '' . Oh , and Mr. King ? Please take a sabbatical or something to help bring back the firey genius you once posessed . And if it does n't happen , take a well-earned retirement . Just put the pen down ! For the love !
 Well , if you 've seen the trailer , you expected a decent horror/sci-fi movie . However , this movie belongs in the ` horrible movie ' genre . I cant believe Morgan Freeman was in such an awful movie . My biggest pet peeve in movies is when characters do something stupid , and in this movie , you might have the stupidest character in history . Yes , I 'm talking about the toilet scene . Basically , there 's blood everywhere and some crazy alien thing is trapped underneath the toilet lid by some idiot . If i was the alien , I would have just come out the back of the toilet and bit the idiot 's head off , but apparently , the alien knew this guy was an idiot , so it waited for him to do something stoopid . Idiot proceeds to drop his toothpick onto blood-filled floor and then reach for toothpick while maintaining some of his weight on the toilet . Gawd what an idiot . About 15 minutes later I was asleep after some unbelievable bad helicopter scene . At least Regal Cinema had comfortable seats .
 The movie has promise for the first 40 minutes , all the way until Rick craps the ... whatever the hell that thing was ?! The moment was tense , the plot was there , the potential had built , and then ... laughter erupted , and the movie was over . The one thing I noticed most about this movie was everyone was rather accepting about what was going on . Oh hey look hundreads of animals are running out of the woods , ya know this stuff happenes . OR , hey some guy just died on the can and now something wants out of the toilet , but i could really use a toothpick ?! but hey were cool , no prob i 'll just get some duct tape , and maybe a mop and this situation is as good as fixed ... how about the frikin gun you just had in your hands about 10 minutes ago ?! Or the renegade commander ... bad cadet now i shoot your hand with the gun i got from JOhn wayne -LRB- the duke , What !??!? -RRB- , haha -LRB- i 'm crazy , now give me some candy -RRB- I did n't read the novel , so I ca n't say anything about Mr. King having anything to do with this movie , but in most cases three to three point five hours would allowed for some better development . I had to read the reviews after the movie because I though I might have missed something or was picking my nose for too long ... i do n't know . however reading the reviews was worth the price of the rental . I still think I missed something . SSDM -LRB- Same S#@% Different Movie
 Wow . Just watched Dreamcatcher and I dont really know what to say . Simply one of the goofiest movies ever created . If I even attempted to write a basic synopsis of the plot , it would take like 3 full pages . That 's not important though , because you should only watch this movie for the sheer absurdity of the film-making . The writing is so ridiculous that I was actually wondering how many takes were wasted because the actors would start cracking up mid-line . Morgan Freeman has made a career out of doing give-me-my-paycheck-and-get-me-the-heck-out-of-here movies , but even he looks visibly embarassed during this one . They also decided to give him eyebrows that would make John Madden gape in disbelief . When an alien takes over one of the main character 's body , we find out that aliens apparently have a british accent . I 'm not even kidding.I could go on and on , but if you 're the type of person that enjoys movies that are so inexplicable and incompetently made that they are hilarious , I dont want to ruin any more for you . If you are one of these people , I highly recommend a rental .
 I Love Morgan Freeman 's work in the past , and I have to admit that was the main reason why I rented this DVD , and it also had Tom Sizemore -LRB- Heat , Saving Private Ryan -RRB- and it was directed by Lawrence Kasdan , a respectable director . When I read the syntaxis on the back cover of the DVD it seemed interesting , so I rented it . What a mistake , I put trough people farting and burping , aliens coming out of peoples butts , Morgan Freeman 's overacting -LRB- and his eyebrows -RRB- , ridiculous scenes , yes I saw all that up to the moment when one of the four psychics used a gun as a cell phone to communicate with Duddits , a gun that John Wayne -LRB- YES , JOHN WAYNE ! -RRB- gave to Freeman 's character as a gift.That moment I turned the DVD off , I could n't take it anymore . I had to do some things that day and I did n't do them because I stayed seeing that movie . Please I beg you , do n't waste 2 + hours of your life seeing this fiasco of a movie.To end my review I have to say that this movie will never become a cult classic because it does n't fit those standards . It 's simply a horrible pretencious movie .
 If you 're smart , you wo n't even waste your time on this one . Not only is the movie cliche , it really does n't make much sense . I never did figure out what the mute boy had to do with anything in the film . I am surprised Morgan Freeman even took part in this horrible movie .
 When the guy took out a gun and used it as a phone I knew there was no saving this movie . Why did the evil alien speak with a British accent ? Why did the good alien take on the form of a retarded boy and let people undress him stuff dog poop in his mouth ? Why did the good alien invite his friend out into the path of speeding traffic ? This movie has flashback scenes to when a group of friends were once young children . Hello ? Was n't this done already back in `` IT '' ? This movie is horrible . There is nothing good about it . The acting is horrible . The special effects are horrible . The story is the worst part . What was Morgan Freeman thinking ?
 My friend bought Dreamcatcher from amazon and we were watching it and half way through the DVD it stop working . He did not know if he had bought a used copy or what so I got on amazon and bought a new copy of the movie because I could not wait to finish it . So I finaly got my copy in and started watching it and at the same spot it quit working . So needless to say I am still wondering how it ends
 THIS MOVIE IS JUST AS FRIGHTENLY BAD AS STEPHEN KING LOOKS . I DID N'T KNOW IF I SHOULD HAVE GRIMMACED OR LAUGHED HYSTERICALLY AT THE FACT THAT THE ALIENS CAME OUT OF YOUR ASS ? WHO WOULD 'VE THOUGHT THAT THAT 'S WHERE KING WROTE THIS MOVIE OUT OF TOO ? I THINK THE ONLY WAY I WILL FORGIVE STEPHEN KING FOR THIS TRAVESTY THAT HE TRIES TO PAWN OFF AS A MOVIE , WOULD BE IF HE GAVE ME BACK MY $ 8.50 AND THEN FLEW OVER TO IRAQ , SAID TO OUR TROOPS , `` DO N'T WORRY GUYS , I 'M HERE , YOU CAN GO HOME NOW , '' AND PROCEEDED TO GET MAULED BY IRAQI REBEL FORCES . FOR ANYONE TRYING TO CHECK OUT THIS MOVIE TO SEE JUST HOW BAD IT IS , PLEASE ALLOW ME TO SPOIL THE PATHETIC ENDING FOR YOU . THE SAME HANDICAPPED RETARD FROM X-MEN 2 SAVES THE UNIVERSE !!! WHEELCHAIR RAMPS FOR EVERYONE !!! NOT TO BE INSENSITIVE , BUT THERE 'S A REASON WHY WE KEEP THE SPECIAL OLYMPIC SEPARATE FROM THE REGULAR OLYMPICS ; JUST LIKE WE KEEP WOMEN OUT OF THE NBA ; JUST LIKE WE DO N'T ALLOW THE MENTALLY CHALLENGED TO SAVE THE UNIVERSE !!! I WISH I HAD FOUR ARMS , I 'D BE LIKE DAVE CHAPPELLE AND GIVE THIS MOVIE FOUR THUMBS DOWN !
 I do n't like it . The story sounds unoriginal . I saw the summary to the book -LRB- which I have not read and never will -RRB- , and I can say that it is one of King 's worst ideas . The movie 's plot is worse . I advise you to stay away and never watch this crap .
 why are there people demanding we read the book first ?!?!?!?!?!? a movie is what a movie is.WE ALL KNOW ABOUT THE LIMITS MOVIES HAVE/BOOKS DONT.that doesnt excuse the movie version to be awefull as this certainly was.look at the hannible movies , both are brilliant.exorcist , jaws , some of kings books have been adapted quite well.BUT THIS !?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? and how could you mr. freeman allow yourself to be part of such junk ?????????? what i hate most about movies is the fact that the audience are forced to take for granted what the directors claim to be a plot.example ; why does drowning -LRB- maybe -RRB- give jason super human strength?ok , we are forced to take it.BELEIVEABLITY is key to any/every movie -LRB- comedies not included -RRB- if all involved couldnt make the movie version somewhat as good as the book , then why do it all?no , one doesnt have to read book before watching movie.one wont help the other.ONLY NOT MAKING THIS WOULD MAKE THIS A GOOD MOVIE.AGAIN , YOU DONT HAVE TO READ BOOK FIRST.sheesh !!!!!!!!
 why are there people demanding we read the book first ?!?!?!?!?!? each one stands/flops -LRB- as this did -RRB- on its own.WE ALL KNOW THE '' BOOKS DONT HAVE LIMITS , MOVIES DO '' whine.NO KIDDING !!!!!!!!! that never excuses one/both being garbage.i cant speak on the book , ive given up on him.but the preview to this was interesting -LRB- those responsible for making previews should get 90 % of the take here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB- there are planty of movies that did justice by the book.we all seen about a dozen of them -LRB- the hannibal trilogy , exorcist , jaws , last exit to brooklyn , carrie , christine , and so on -RRB- so its not a given that the movie will never live up to book.THIS MOVIE WAS JUST HORRIBLE !!!! AND WHAT WAS MORGAN FREEMAN THINKING WHEN HE READ THIS SCRIPT ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? SHAME ON YOU !!!!!!!!!!! when making a movie , try to make it believeable !!!!!!!!!!! thats the key to every horror/drama/suspence / and even some sci fi movie.comedies can get away with being ridiculously unbelieveable.and weve learned not to expect to believe anything in slasher flicks.example ; how does the posibility of drowning give jason superhuman strength?how does defending a handicapped child give the group mental powers -LRB- although i could have cared less at that point -RRB- ? how do producers live with themselves , knowing that their movie was garbage?on that note heres a reminder ; YOU DO NOT HAVE TO READ THE BOOK BEFORE SEEING THE MOVIE!JUNK IS JUNK IS JUNK IS JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 minus the brief moments of gore , this movie is pure junk!maybe , just maybe , pre teens or the lemmings who make up the MTV / TRL crowd might enjoy this and find it scary.and let me add now that jeepers creepers 2 was also a waste of money -LRB- unless youre a lobotomized lemming -RRB- . between these 2 -LSB- movies -RSB- , i got in some needed sleep .
 Right from the beginning . The film confuses you . This is what I was thinking when I was watching the movie : `` Oh , They 're friends and they somehow can see/read people 's thoughts , or they can can maybe see slightly ahead in the future ? '' `` The teacher got ran over , but wait ... all of a sudden , he 's getting ready to go cabin-camping with his friends ?? What happen in between the accident and the camping trip ? Is he dead ? Or is this in the past we 're seeing ? I 'll keep watching and see if they 're going to clear it up . `` Nope , they did n't . `` Look like they found someone lost in the woods . There is something surely wrong with him . Something is moving around in his chest and stomach . What the hell ... '' `` Holy crap , the character Jason Lee plays gets his face bitten off ! Just like that , he 's dead ?? Wow , what a way to end someone 's elses life . I would have thought he would stick around with his friends longer . I mean , is n't he suppose to be one of the four that the story centers around ?? '' `` Morgan Freeman and Tom Siezmore just showed up . What is going on ?? I think they 're saying something about aliens . Was that an alien that ate Jason Lee 's face ?? And what the hell Morgan Freeman 's character is talking about ?? Bucko , Boss , and some other crappy phrases . And yes , there 's the stereotypical alien with the big head and 2 eyes ! And his name is Mr. Gray ?? '' `` I 'm totally confused even more . The military comes full force into this movie and they 're hunting and killing aliens ! It 's like I 'm watching two different movies ! What kind of storytelling is this ?? '' `` Jonesy and Mr. Gray are the same character now . And the presentation of the character is just too confusing ! What garbage ! '' `` Morgan Freeman 's Curtis character is insane and Tom Siezmore turns against him ? Huh ? What happen here ? Henry -LRB- Tom Jane -RRB- tells Tom Siezmore about what he thinks is happening and Tom believes him ?? Just like that ? He believes someone that he hardly knows , and just jumps on board with Henry 's plans ?? Wow ! '' `` So Duddit knew about this alien invasion since we met his character as a pre-teen boy ? And what 's going on with Duddit ?? He turns into an alien too ?? So he 's an alien now ?? `` So you can tell where I 'm going with this . This movie was made by Lawrence Kasdan , who I think is a great movie writer and not too bad director , but man , what kind of garbage is this ?? And the way it ended . He steps on the little worm and that 's it ?? C'mon Mr. Kasdan !! As a movie fan , you must able to see that that 's one of the worst ending that a movie can have ! This movie should n't have even been release into the theaters ! Straight to DVD is the quality of this movie . What a let down .
 This movie was bad from the beginning . From the onset the dialogue is jarring and unnatural . Many parts of the plot are unexplained and you 're left with a general feeling of , `` huh ? '' I hope , for the future generations of movies watchers , that this film is never aired again . It is sad that there are so many talented actors in the film , such as Morgan Freeman -LRB- he 's the reason to watch this -RRB- , because their skills are wasted . I now know to look a movie up on Amazon before renting or buy the video .
 First of all I am not even sure if this movie had a plot at all . I fell asleep through most of this movie . The character development was horrible . Whenever I decide to watch a King movie I set my expectations low , because lets face it most of them are n't very good . I set my expectations very low and I still was disappointed . I recommmend tht you read the book . I ca n't even really recommend this movie to King fans because I am afraid it will disappoint fans and non-fans alike .
 There are only two reasons I have to give this movie kudos . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It starts out promisingly enough , as the likable characters are introduced and gather for their annual hunting trip . Their rapport is fine , and the actors -LRB- Jason Lee in particular -RRB- do a great job in these scenes . -LRB- 2 -RRB- When I was reading the book in anticipation of the movie 's release , I got to the part where the alien spawn emerges from a hapless man 's buttocks as he sits on the toilet passing loud , obnoxious gas , and I thought , `` How in the world are they going to film this scene without turning it into the world 's biggest , sickest , stupidest poop joke ? '' To my surprise , the filmmakers managed to do it rather well . The scene is creepy and disturbing without being silly at all.Too bad the rest of the movie sucks . Like the book , there is too much stuff crammed into a too-small container , and the result is a contrived mess . Breaking up the four lead characters may have worked in the book -LRB- sort of -RRB- , but in the movie it 's a mistake , creating too many story lines which will either confuse viewers or simply wear them out . The usually reliable Morgan Freeman seems rather unconvincing in his role as a sadistic military honcho who likes to call people `` laddy-buck '' -LRB- huh ? -RRB- and does his best to turn an already uncontrollable situation into something out of `` Dr. Strangelove . '' Tom Sizemore plays a decent guy for a change . One of the New Kids on the Block plays a Scooby Doo-obsessed `` special person '' whose transformation at the end of the movie creates far more head-scratching questions that it answers.Nobody 's a bigger Stephen King fan than I am , but the man needs to know when to quit . Some of his best work is also his simplest . I 'm thinking about `` The Body , '' `` Cujo , '' `` Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption , '' and his last -- and best -- collection of short stories . They work so well because they 're simple stories , with little or nothing supernatural about them . You 'll notice they all made great movies , too -LRB- well , except maybe `` Cujo '' -RRB- , for the same reason . But `` Dreamcatcher '' , although certainly not the worst King adaptation -LRB- `` Christine '' , anyone ? -RRB- , gets bogged down trying to do too much in too short of a time frame .
 I thought this movie was absolutely awful ! Yes , I did read the book . And yes , I thought the book was 100 % better than the movie . First of all , I was offended at the portrayal of `` Duddits '' by a child that looked `` normal '' and only made a mockery of a Down 's Syndrome child . On that same vein , Donnie Wahlberg as the adult `` Duddits '' ?!?! Inappropriate and short-sighted . Morgan Freeman 's character was not nearly as fleshed out as it should have been , and very vaguely represented the character I loved to hate in the novel . Owen barely existed in this movie , and had very little to do with the actual plot.In addition , I was deeply disappointed in the ending of the movie . It almost seemed as if a completely new set of screenwriters came in to finish the story ! I 'm not sure I understood the point of making Duddits an alien , or able to become an alien . Are we to assume that Duddits only had the abilities he possessed due to some cosmic genetic fluke?Overall I thought this movie was a waste of cinematic space . I believe the fault lies not with Stephen King , who wrote this book as a means to overcome his accident , but with the screenwriters , who took a well-written and original novel and turned it into a campy sci-fi faux horror .
 This movie was awful . I spent only 48 minutes into the movieand decided to quickly shut it off . The dialog did not make sense and they never really explained much throughout the 48 minutes . Do not rent or buy this movie . You will be wasting your money and time .
 Dream Catcher -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -LRB- 2003 -RRB- could have been a good sci-fi experience for me but our first glimpse behind the bathroom door was just too unsightly , even for a die hard Steven King fan like me . As such , I can not rate this film at higher than 2 stars . If this visually explicit scene could have been eliminated I am sure I would have liked this film and rated it at least 3 to 4 stars.It was enough to demonstrate that the creature gestated in the digestive tract of its host by the difficulty the victim had with eating and the resulting rude noises . The audience did n't need the very explicit lesson in Digestive Diseases . That scene aside , there was much I liked about the remainder of this movie . Pardon me for my sensibilities . I am still a Steven King fan but feel he should have stopped short at the Bathroom door since crossing that ugly threshold added nothing essential to the film .
 I do n't know what is more pathetic . The movie or the fact that I actually sat here for 2 hours watching it . This flick STINKS . The beginning is interesting and shows promise . The middle and end are beyond BAD.The hero is a guy that makes Forest Gump look like a rocket scientist . I find it EXTREMELY hard to believe that a retarded gimp could twart an alien invasion . This is Sci-Fi , but give me a break . Imagine sending Pee-wee Herman up against Pin Head from Hell Raiser . Yeah , see what I mean.You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll kiss $ 11.95 Good-bye !
 It generally is n't worth thinking too hard about movies like Dreamcatcher , but as I finished watching it with my friends , one of them asked an excellent question
 Is this movie about and what I did not understand was what aliens had to do with indian dreamcatchers ??? The movie starts out well but about 45 minutes into it loses its focus and plot and everything else ... My fiance and I could not even finish the movie , King should have focused more on a different plot line without aliens , and been more involved with the childhood friends and their little `` odd '' friend . The past scenes with them as kids was the only really entertaining thing about this movie and I wish there had been more like the story in the movie with the evil clown -LRB- cant remember the name -RRB- . This movie was awful .
 I was really looking forward to this movie , since Dreamcatcher is my favorite Stephen King novel . Kasden , Freeman , Sizemore ... how could you go wrong . Well , I wish I had rented instead of purchased . The characters are very shallow in the movie , a byproduct of making a huge King novel into a two hour flick . The characters in the book are what makes the read so compelling . Without the depth of the characters the movie becomes a paint-by-numbers exercise.The aliens look slick in the film which is a plus . The acting is good by everyone involved . The rest of the film is thin . Even if I had n't been a fan of the book I would still be disappointed by this movie.Save yourself some money and rent this one if you really need to see it .
 Really i mean it ... besides Morgan Freemans HUGE eyebrows , the stupid plot , the talkin into a gun , the monsters that look -LSB- phallic -RSB- ... oh wait and some guy shot down a helicopter with a uzi from the ground ... and the explosion was huge . . i thought a nuke went off ... . and did ne one listen to the horrible lines in the movie ... . and thank god jason lee got that tooth pick ... . wow what a horrible horrible movie ... if ne one buys this movie ... please buy it to make fun of ... if u do then it isnt that bad of a buy ... . but other than that ... the movie is really horrible ... a spoon in my eye would be more fun then watching this movie again ... u think i am kidding ... horrible ... all i have to say ... horrible ... AND SINCE WHEN DID ALIENS HAVE BRITISH ACCENTS !!!
 Expecting anything good from this movie was a mistake seeing how the novel was a hodge-podge of themes previously developed in King 's better work . You 'd have to say at this point that he is recycling characters and issues in order to make his fans happy . And there is nothing wrong with that . Certainly , a lot of the themes that are King favorites - childhood bonds , alcoholism , lost innocence , and standing up to fear - are worthwhile . His focus on what is common to most of us is why his work is so popular . He writes about regular people living in locales of little interest to literary snobs . No wonder he 's never attained the reputation he deserves . You can read King with the goal of learning about Middle America and come away much the better.That said , two talented and experienced filmmakers decided to ignore the few positive aspects of the novel . Instead we get `` special effects '' the equivalent of something you might see on the FX channel or an average Star Trek
 ONE DAY DURING THEIR CHILDHOOD , A GROUP OF FRIENDS SAVE A YOUNG BOY FROM SOME BULLIES . IN RETURN , THEY GET AN AMAZING POWER THAT ALLOWS THEM TO KNOW THINGS . WHEN THEY REUNITE DECADES LATER , THEY MUST USE THIS POWER TO SAVE THE WORLD FROM A MENACE LIKE NO OTHER . I TRYED TO GIVE THIS A CHANCE , BUT THIS MOVIE IS UNDENIABLY BORING . MUCH OF THIS MOVIE IS POINTLESS . IT TRYS TO GET EXCITING TOWARD THE END , BUT IT WAS WAY TOO LATE TO SAVE THIS TIME-WASTER . THE WHOLE CAST IS WASTED , ESPECIALLY MORGAN FREEMAN , WHO PLAYS AN ALIEN HUNTER . THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST BORING HORROR/SCI-FI MOVIES I 'VE SEEN IN YEARS . AND TO THINK THAT THIS GOD AWFUL MOVIE WAS BASED ON A STEPHEN KING NOVEL IS VERY UNBELIEVABLE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY ON THIS TRASH . BELIEVE ME , IT 'S DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT .
 God , I ca n't even begin to describe how BAD this movie is . I mean , seriously . Some movies , you can sit through , enjoy a few moments , and generally feel okay about spending the 5 or 6 bucks to see it . Not so much for -LRB- generally good -RRB- director Lawrence Kasdan 's sloppy , horribly written -LRB- by William Goldman , the guy who bashed `` Gangs of New York '' but made a movie that makes `` Gangs '' look like `` Citizen Kane '' -RRB- adaptation of hack writer Stephen King 's novel . It 's not even that the acting is so bad , or other technical elements of it fail . The plot is so diffuse and preposterous , first of all , and the movie mainains absolutely no focus whatsoever . The group of guys and the Morgan Freeman-as-the-jerk-army-guy subplot do n't mix well , and then Donnie Wahlberg as the grown-up Duddits is perhaps the saddest display of `` look at how far my career has gone downhill '' I 've ever seen . I think the main problem with the film is the way that Goldman adapted it for the screen , so I wo n't lambast Kasdan too much for it . Nonetheless , it 's an abominably horrible film , and he should be ashamed to say he directed `` The Big Chill '' AND this . Not to mention the actors that show promise but end up playing evil twins with British accents and get mauled in the crotch by a giant slug-thing . Is it really as bad as it sounds ? YES , and more . Save yourself the money and do n't buy it . Save yourself the time and do n't rent it . Save yourself period and never watch the single worst movie of 2003 .
 I 'm undecided as far as worst movie of 2003 . So far it 's a toss up between DAREDEVIL and this silly mess of a film which actually had an inticing trailer . Goofy dialogue , uneven pacing , horrid fx , several different plotlines -LRB- all in different generes -RRB- , and lots of farting sum up what only begins to mar a project that should have been a no brainer smash . I am in shock that this movie was directed by LAWRENCE KASDAN . This guy wrote RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK for Christ 's sake . As this film progresses you get the feeling that it read better as the STEPHEN KING novel . DREAMCATCHER has no redeeming qualities in it 's seemingly endless running time . All talent is thoroughly wasted and it 's really a shame , especially when someone like MORGAN FREEMAN has lines to deliver like , '' ... these are people , they drive Chevrolets , they shop at Wall Mart , they never miss an episode of Friends . They 're true Americans . '' Absolutely dumb . And that line is pretty much right out of the book . If you 're going to make a book into a movie , take liberty and make your own vision , not a mish mash of previously viewed movies and ideas . Probably pitched as a science fiction , horror , action film , DREAMCATCHER 's execution falls short in those regards and then some .
 I thought they dont make 'm that bad any more . `` Dreamcatcher '' easily qualifies as one of the worst films in recent time and how anyone could give this more than 1 star is absolutely beyond me.Story in summary
 I can not get you far enough away from this movie . Made the mistake of renting it on DVD and feel cheated out of $ 3.95 and the 2.5 hours of my life that I will never get back . I cringed at the dialogue throughout this movie . The acting was horrible . The delivery of lines was forced . The editing -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- was bad . The transitions between scenes were a laugh . Morgan Freeman 's performance in particular was ridiculous and over the top . There was absolutely no suspense . Zero character development . You find yourself not caring about any of the characters and just hoping that they all die quickly to bring the movie to a swift end . No such luck . I sat for 2 + hours waiting for something to get better or to realize that I was missing out on something . I was n't and you wo n't be either . Skip this movie . Rent Alien instead .
 I was warned by many to avoid this film . I even saw this movie given 1 star in a local newspaper that is forgiving in its rating system . I was intrigued to see just how bad this movie is . Now I can relate with all who have seen this pathetic excuse for a movie . The acting is horrible ! Jason Lee sounds embarrassed to be spouting his horrible dialogue , Tom Sizemore is just glad his role is a supporting character who dies before the end of the story , and Morgan Freeman is simply desperate for any role to take on such putrid filth . Then there are the child actors who were cast because they look right for their parts regardless of the fact none of them can act at all . This story is a supernatural-sci-fi-horror yarn about an alien invasion by worm-like creatures that gestate in the bowels of animals until it is time for them to lay eggs . The scenario involves tainting the Boston water supply with alien parasites . Okay , fine . The alien craft that is shown at one point is huge and obviously technically superior to anything we measly humans could create so why has n't the invasion succeeded ? Why not just crash a parasite-laden alien ship into Lake Michigan and begin with Chicago instead ? I suppose Boston is closer to Stephen King 's home in Maine so the story should be close by . The plot is plainly stupid . I can not believe the once great Lawrence Kasdan was at all involved in this film , let alone responsible for the screenplay , production , and direction . With this chaotic , confusing , ridiculous movie his career has definitiely turned a corner ... and straight into oncoming traffic ! Avoid this film .
 All I can say is the three best things about this flim is actors = Morgen Freeman Jason Lee & Timothy Olyphant-Dreamcatcher -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- If anyone thinks something else oh well , to each His/Her own .
 The first part of this movie starts off great . It has a nice look and follows the plot in the book . Then in the middle of the movie it veers off into its own direction . The characters just do n't make sense at that point.Perhaps the story would have been better told as a miniseries so the makers of the film would n't have had to cut corners .
 This is a horror movie about poop . Yes , there are aliens and government conspiracies , but all the tension and horror in this movie revolves around the human digestional tract , bad gas , and the toilet . Still interested?The only kudos I will concede to this movie are
 I read dreamcatcher and loved it . It was my first King book , and i was very excited when i heard there was a film . I was hoping the thrilling , cinematic quality of the book would have been transfered to the big screen with precision and brilliance . And what do i get ? An absolutely crazy film that should be a comedy but somehow is n't . It has something to do with Lawrance Kasdan 's direction , and it 's prominent throughout the film . It 's maddeningly fast-paced , as you jitter from scene to scene with little or no explanation as to what 's going on . No passion or emotion has been injected into it , and though the characters look and play the part -LRB- apart from Morgan Freeman , who has been grossly miscast as Kurtz -RRB- , they are n't allowed any time to show what they can do before we are whisked away to another scene . All the far fetched stuff that worked so well in the novel looks ridiculous in the film
 I watched this film -LRB- against my better judgment after seeing some of the celluloid sludge made from King 's other novels -RRB- and am now curious about what exactly got hacked out of the book in order to make this ineffective movie.The story makes a pact with us , the viewers
 Director
 DREAMCATCHER starts out great . We are shown four friends in four locations , each demonstrating some psychic ability . The four guys get together in a deepwoods cabin for beers and laughs -LRB- as they have for the last twenty years -RRB- . Then , two of them -LRB- Henry and Pete -RRB- leave on an excursion in the truck , while the other pair -LRB- Jonesy and Beav -RRB- go deerhunting around the cabin . A strange hunter wanders into camp , seeming dazed and injured . Now , up until this point all is well , tension and dread are building , and the mystery is intriguing . Jonesy brings the poor hunter into the cabin where he -LRB- the hunter -RRB- begins stinking up the place with acrid fart gas . To make matters worse , he waddles into the bathroom and gives birth to a 15 pound turd with teeth . Jonesy and Beav must now do battle with this sewer shark from beyond the stars ! It 's in the toilet bowl and it wants out ! So , of course Jonesy and Beav split up , and the brown bass escapes . Beav is killed and Jonesy encounters an even bigger alien , who promptly enters Jonesy and possesses him . Meanwhile , Henry and Pete crash the truck trying to avoid a woman sitting in the middle of the road . It turns out that she too is `` pregnant '' with a poop monster ! Henry leaves the woman with Pete and sets out to get help . Pete drinks about fifty beers , gets plastered , and blithers on to the woman . Unfortunately , Pete does n't notice that she 's fallen over dead and he just keeps talking to her . The impacted parasite she 's been carrying around exits her posterior , tunnels through a snowbank , and attacks poor inebriated Pete . Pete fights valiantly , burning the creeping stink-log in the campfire . Back at the cabin , Henry finds the shredded remains of Beav and the hunter and a bizarre fungus growing on everything at an astounding rate . He burns the place to the ground . Enter Morgan Freeman as a crazy army colonel on a mission to eradicate the alien invaders by wiping out anyone who 's come in contact with them . Tom Sizemore is the man who must stop Freeman . Both actors must have received big bucks to be in this steaming pile . Donnie Wahlberg is `` Duddits '' , the mentally retarded alien hero of the story . Watch out evil aliens , he 's gon na getcha ! This would / could have been a really cool movie . Unfortunately , it runs out of steam after 20 minutes and just rolls down that old hill , off that cliff , and into the cosmic crapper . P.U. ...
 At first , the movie seems pretty good and shows some potential . But then it slows down ... way down ... and then picks up a little bit with some ass-aliens , then mashes in some kind of crazy-general alien hunter side plot and also explores what it might be like inside the memory banks of a person . The movie is just so slow and so boring that I practically fell asleep watching it . The ending , which I wo n't spoil , had me laughing out loud -LRB- the best part of the movie for the wrong reason -RRB- . I thought , `` Hey , what if that retard was ... '' and then it happened . A classically bad horror ending at it 's worst .
 `` Dreamcatcher '' is approximately what you 'd get if you crossed `` Starship Troopers '' with `` Stand By Me '' and told it with all the narrative complexity of a fart joke . Four friends , bound since childhood by a psychic connection forged when they rescued a retarded companion from grade-school bullies -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- , are now disgruntled thirtysomethings enjoying their annual weekend hunting trip in the Maine woods when along comes a bunch of cavity-invading aliens and a maverick paramilitary outfit to spoil their day . Caught between the over-zealous quarantiners -LRB- played with unintentional `` Catch 22 '' - like comedy by Morgan Freeman and Tom Sizemore -RRB- and an all-consuming alien fungus , our friends start to get picked off one by one . But will their retarded pal - who may or may not be an alien - be able to save them and the planet in time ? Do we even need to ask ? Movies adapted from Stephen King 's stories fall into two categories
 Geeez , what a truly horrible mess this movie turned out to be ! And with such a talented cast and crew , you would 've thought it be at least a decent flick . It 's like someone threw 4 Stephen King novels into a blender , turned it up on high for an hour , and then poured this unforgivable gunk out and this was used as the working script . First , the few good words of praise . The cast is good , the technical stuff is slick , too , and I liked the first , tall alien that appears in the log cabin . Now , for the minuses . I am totally , absolutely nauseated with this whole `` cute '' wave of bathroom crud that you see in recent movies . I have a weak stomach and get so completely enraged when everyone in different scenes thinks it 's hiliarious when someone passes gas or belches , etc. . In this nightmare , the bathroom sequence alone can make you want to hurl . You 're shown in gory , explicit detail how the alien emerges from human into our world . And oh , yeahhhh , it comes with sound effects , too . Somehow , the script jumps to a childhood sequence where our fab five use their extrasensory powers and discover a missing girl . `` Jonesy '' is the appalling , `` cute '' little misfit that only a mother -- or in this case -- our fab four could love . He was so smart-assy neurotic that I could understand why the bullies wanted to beat the hell out of him . And Morgan Freeman ! What an embarassment ! It looks like he walked through his scenes to just collect that multi-million dollar paycheck . He has one expression that looks carved on his face
 I can not believe this movie got made , with decent actors no less . Do n't waste your time watching this movie , unless you enjoy senseless , annoying , and incredibly moronic writing . Movies produced using the works of Stephen King are typically quite awful . The only exceptions include movies that are based on short stories and movies that he himself did not have much to do with . This probably has something to do with the fact that he churns out mindless works one after another , much to the delight of his lowest common denominator audience . Save yourself the time and watch Magnolia .
 This movie really is n't sure what it wants to be . Part Independence Day , part X-Men , and part Alien , it even makes references in passing to another Stephen King story , Stand By Me.Essentially the film can be divided into two halves -- the enigmatic first half where four thirtysomethings make moderate use of their ESP capabilities on their way through their professional lives , one flashback to 20-years-ago , towards a mid-winter cabin destination . In the second half , we get the ridiculous Alien/Independence Day sub-plot , with Morgan Freeman being forced to swear -LRB- frequently -RRB- in order to convince us that he 's not the same endearing character from Se7en and the Shawshank Redemption.In the end , the Earth is saved -- my apologies if that ruins it for anyone -- but this dog 's dinner should retain your attention for about an hour . Once the aliens turn up and start visiting people 's bottoms , do n't feel embarrassed about reaching for the fast-forward button .
 This movie sucked to say the least . It seems as though the movie does not know how it should wrap-up the ending . What a let down ...
 THIS MOVIE REALLY SUCKED it wasnt scary what-so-ever , whoever thinks this movie is good , you are on crack ... The Ring , now there 's a good movie
 This was one of the worst movies I have EVER seen in my life . Stephen King novel movies have yet to impress me and by the way they went with this movie , they never will . This was not at all scary , no plot . I recommend Jason X over this . And I really hate Jason X. Do n't watch this movie , it 's a waste of 21/2 hours .
 Awful . Fall-on-the-floor-in-pain awful.Lawrence Kasdan , how on Earth is such a movie even possible from a director of your caliber ? How can you assemble such a grand cast of up-and-coming stars like Thomas Jane and Timothy Olyphant and strand them in this bad , bad , bad movie ? What is Donnie Wahlberg doing as a retarded man who shouts `` SCOOBY-DOOBY DOO ! '' before engaging in hand-to-hand combat with a creature from outer space ? And what on Earth is Morgan Freeman doing wearing prosthetic eyebrows and going all psycho as a deranged military man ? I understand he 's always wanted to play a villain , but , my God , did he read this script?The best movies made from Stephen King books deal with normal people facing down the scariest of human horrors , like `` Misery , '' `` The Dead Zone , '' `` Dolores Claiborne , '' `` The Stand , '' `` Stand by Me '' and the superb `` Shawshank Redemption . '' The monster movies , like `` Silver Bullet '' or `` Pet Sematary , '' have always been less successful and/or hokey . Why was it necessary to make another one?Worse , why did Kasdan film it like it was `` The Big Chill '' meets `` Predator ? `` Granted , the aliens look creepy , and their choice of gestation location , though straight out of `` Ghoulies , '' is grotesque . But this movie is a pointless , implausible , overacted and not-particularly-frightening mess .
 It was n't just gross or stupid ... it was stupidly gross ! I finished it - thinking it would get better and begin to make sense - on the contrary . Dreamcatcher is a misnomer , it should be titled Butt Weasels .
 This was the worst movie I 've seen in a while . I liked the cast , and the first part was not that bad . But then half way through the movie , it took a turn for the worse and never recovered . I was going to turn it off about two-thirds of the way through , but I stuck through to the end hoping to see something that made this thing worth while . It never happened . The end is dumb .
 This movie tries -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to reproduce some of the best moments in Stand By Me , but the results are laughably atrocious . Still , I was all prepared to give it 2 stars , but then one of those `` what were they thinking '' moments happen . One of the characters picks up a gun , holds it like a phone , and says `` Jonsey ! I knew you would call ! '' ESP or not , that scene alone signaled the beginning of a mildly bad movie taking sharp turn into Crapsville . Most of the positive reviews found here are from people who have read the book , and ca n't help but bring that experience to their reviews . As a person who never read the book , and is reviewing the movie on it 's own merits , I find it terrible .
 Last night I watched `` Dreamcatcher . '' It was a dreadful movie and I could hardly wait for it to end . Just look at the numbers it got in the Amazon rankings . One star is the greatest category , by far ! Well , that would be my feeling except that the movie is rather well done and the photography is splendid . Same with a lot of the individual scenes . It 's a movie that has received a lot of care . It 's definitely not a cheapie B movie that was completed in a month . I 'm going to give it a two , even through I feel that 's rather generous.Sorry , but I 'm a scientist by training and that 's the way I think about everything . I 've always had trouble enjoying most science fiction and fantasy movies in that I just automatically recognize them to be drivel . There are exceptions . For example , some high-action movies are fun to watch , not for the story but for the action and animations . I greatly enjoy Star Trek things . Sure , they 're drivel , but they 're droll tongue-in-cheek stuff that can be fine entertainment . Well , `` Dreamcatcher '' is n't . How else can I put it ? It 's a bunch of nonsense strung together into a horror movie . Is it scary ? Yes , in places . Who would n't jump when a slime-covered snake-like creature jumps out and attempts to latch on ? Well , there 's a lot of stuff like this in the movie and I suppose an audience would scream . But I watched it in my living room and I just rolled my eyes in disbelief . The story has to do with the discovery of these space aliens in rural New England and the attempt to quarantine and destroy them . Yaawwwnnnn ! Sorry , it 's a long movie and I get bored even thinking about it . To make the story even more difficult to comprehend , there 's a lot of bouncing around from the present to various times in the past . Groan . When you 're already bored to tears , this just makes a difficult-to-understand movie even more so . Who knows ? There 's a few people who really liked it -LRB- 37 out of 242 -RRB- , but I 'd just have to regard it as unmitigated nonsense , but rather well done . . Gary Peterson
 Ive been watching alot of King movies lately and I must say this has to be one of his worst films . The movie is a mess and I could hardly tell what was going on half the time . He takes elements of some of his best work and weave it into this story but it doesnt work . If you want to watch a King movie about four friends watch the timeless Stand By Me . If you want a movie about friendship and a little horror mixed it , watch It . This movie just plain sucked .
 The first 10 or so minutes of this movie were ok . It was the rest of them that sucked . The idea was pretty good , alien comes , people die . Had it not been blogged down by so many plot holes and just plain goofy situations , it just might have been good . Morgan Freeman , who usually is lights out when it comes to acting , really screws up here . Attempting to play that token over the edge army guy , he slips about a billion times , i never bought it . The one scene where i pretty much gave up all hope in this movie pulling a comeback was when Thomas jane calls Jonesy on the gun ... i mean that was just stupid , especially that Tom Sizemore was not the least bit weirded out . The end was weak , especially for Stephen King . I actually thought to myself before it happened , `` What could be the worst possible way to end this movie ? '' and then that idea occured in the movie . Weak , pointless , and all out disappointing . So much more could have come from this movie , yet it took the low road and collapsed .
 Bad acting and cardboard characters aside - the profanity in this movie is nauseating . It 's pretty bad when you have to buy the DVD so you can use the guardian filter just to watch the movie .
 I have NEVER walked out of a movie , however , I walked out of this one . This movie sucked so much . It would have not only been a waste of money , but time . I lost the money , but I sure as heck saved my time by walking out of the film .
 I am anazed that directors and actors still make movies from the books of Steven King . I have never read a book or seen a movie of his that was not stupid and senseless . He does not write good science fiction or ghost stories . The closest I can come to a discription is `` cesspool full of raw sewage '' . He might get rich with this but it is scary to think there are people out there that enjoy such crap . NOT recommended for anyone , ever . I am surprised that a good actor like Morgan Freeman appeared in this , must be about money .
 Starts out well , but all down hill from there . Terrible .
 I gave this movie 2 stars basically because of the gore and special effects . It 's hard to believe that Morgan Freeman agreed to make this movie . This is one of those geez , what a letdown movie . -LRB- ... -RRB- , I 'm sure the book was much better ! Four friends , each with their own special powers , must come together to stop a entity that is trying to take their lives . Freeman plays a alien hunter . Not a true horror film . This is another one of those movies that I bought first -LRB- cheap , thank goodness -RRB- without renting it . I hope other people do n't make the same mistake !!
 I can honestly say that along with Godzilla , this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen , and I am not even that picky when it comes to movies .
 The script is worth $ 1 , a little more than the other Stephen King novels-turned-to-movies . What does the dreamcatcher have to do with anything in the movie ?
 Please , if you have a brain do NOT buy this or rent this movie.Save yourself $ 25 if you 're gunna buy it or Save yourself $ 3 if you 're gunna rent it ... most of all you do n't want to waste 2 and a half hours of your life when you can be doing more important things that watching this horrible movie.I have n't read the book , but this movie was bad , and I am sure the book is n't too good as well . Stephen King is known for making horrible movies , very cheesey and ... just ugh ... this one was the worst ever!It seemed like an interesting movie at first , then it just went downhill after the first 20 mins.I can not even think of why Morgan Freeman would take on such a stupid script ... and also Jason Lee , he 's not that great of an actor . . but I like him and now ... I do n't know anymore . It 's horrible ! The Aliens must have gotten to Stephen King 's readers/watchers cause I do n't know who in the their right mind would rent/buy/read / watch anything by that man .
 I have n't seen many Stephen King movies and I 've only read a couple of his books , but I have to say that this is the weakest offering of those I 've read or seen . It unfortunately is just not scary . As many other reviewers have alluded to - there is plenty of blood , crude flatulence jokes , and a decided lack of suspense.I think the most exciting aspect of a horror movie - particularly one that is not awash in gore is the uncertainty . The suspense of not knowing what exactly is going on . The movie started off with this uncertainty - four friends with some type of ESP powers and a strange young boy that somehow connects them . At first , I was really into the movie . Then they brought the aliens in , a deranged military `` boss '' -LRB- there is no saluting and no titles in Blue Group ! - what crap -RRB- . After what I felt was a strong beginning - the movie degenerates into camp . No real good chills . Just a lot of blood.If you 're a Stephen King fan , I 'm sure you 'll add it to your collection . Otherwise , I 'd recommend taking a pass .
 the movie takes a while for it to come into gear but when the alien invasion starts the characters start to use these telepathic powers that they got when they were kids , the movie is probably my least favourite stephen king movie and not something you would watch over and over again , the movie drags on alot and really is n't set out properly to fit in with the story in my opinion .
 And not in a good way . There were so many things that were not explained in this movie even though it was over 2 hours long . Perhaps the book could help to fill in the clues . Also , there are weird parts in the movie that I assume are supposed to be funny -LRB- ie. , the one guy uses a gun like a telephone to communicate through esp -RRB- but they just wind up being strange . This movie was not at all like I expected it to be .
 This has to be one of the strangest mainstream films ever made , but i 'm not sure that was entirely intentional . The first part of the movie sets things up well - classic chiller you might say -LRB- strange virus , atmospeheric Maine woods -RRB- . Why then did the producers decide to turn the rest of the film into a made for tv b-movie ? Damian Lewis 's possession is hilarious , but is this the intended effect ? You 're left in little doubt that the film makers must be having fun with the audience when the next part of the film plays like some dreaful Independence day type nonsense , with Morgan Freeman completely wasted - he feels tagged on . And after all this , watching the end credits would make you think you 'd just been watching Ghostbusters . This is a dreaful but enjoyable film .
 i have yet to see this movie .2 copies have both froze upat the same spot . wouldnt play on any of my dvd players . -LRB- 3 -RRB- amazon was great about returns and refunds , but noexplanation . avoid this movie !
 Same ol' King crap . Little plot , lots of action , OH , OH here come the monsters , eek , splash . The man has not written a good book since Carrie . Just a rehash and combination of old stuff . Frankly not worth my time . Sorry I wasted it .
 Stand By Me , Men in Black , Independence Day , Outbreak , What Dreams May Come , the segment of Creepshow with fast-reproducing alien fungus , any Toxic Avenger movie , Deliverance , Forrest Gump.Frappe ' 'em all together in a blender and strain away most of the entertainment value and plot line conclusions . Add a dash of poor acting and cheesey , unconvincing dialogue . Garnish with special effects.Voila , you 've created Dreamcatcher . Watch and TRY to enjoy , though it 's doubtful you will .
 To believe that I wasted over two hours watching this mess is not comforting to me . Usually when I see a movie with such good actors as Morgan Freeman and Jason Lee , I am drawn to it . Clearly this is not a film in which the actors can rise above the material . Is it a warm personal Steven King story like `` Stand By Me ? '' Or is it a typical Steven King horror story ? Who knows ? To me it does not work either way . I thought that there might be something interesting about the relationship of the four main characters and the young man they befriended as children by standing up to bullies who were picking on him . No , we do not get that at all . And , the horror story was completely trite . Even the movie itself knows this , calling the monster `` Ripley '' after Sigourney Weaver 's character in the `` Alien '' movies . But , trying to be two different things insured that neither worked . The ending ? Makes little or no sense even within the context of fantasy .
 Ok , stayed up until 1AM watching this piece of garbage last night , and boy , was it a waste of time ! As the description says , it 's a hodge-podge of almost every Stephen King story out there
 I wo n't be the first to write on the schizophrenic mess this film is , but having squirmed my way through this film I need to ` exorcise ' the ill feeling it gave me.I 've had a firm belief that , beyond `` Carrie -LSB- ' 76 -RSB- '' , `` Salem 's Lot -LSB- ' 79 -RSB- '' and `` the Shining -LSB- ' 80 -RSB- '' , all other Stephen King film vehicles are basically the same - churned out with the same flimsy mysticism that chokes his already portentious prose . `` Dreamcatcher '' is the culmination of so many illogical , half-baked ` Stephen King-isms ' that you have to wonder , does Stephen King need to get out more ? The latter day adaptations of his films -LRB- and that horrid `` Kingdom '' debacle on TV -RRB- only confirm that his stories are better left where they came from - a preprogrammed computer which only requires slight name / location changes and ... voila ! A new bestseller.Yuck .
 WOW . This movie is amazingly awful but at the sametime , a fascinating study of how a movie with all the right ingredients -- A-List cast , crew and big budget -- can go so very wrong . It 's almost comical to watch it happen . It would have been an easy movie to dismiss if the whole movie was awful but the start was sugared with such promise of a good movie that it makes the following 2nd half of the movie all the more disappointing . The good part , the 1st half , has the makings of a `` Stand By Me '' with a `` Twilight Zone '' twist . Sounds like a great combo , right ? It is ... for awhile . The acting here is good , you 're revealed interesting things about how these four friends are different , and you get a wonderful sense of the strange and possible dangerous elements lurking in the background . And moreover you 've got some genuinely funny dialog here that balances the anticipation of horror in the air.All this falls apart in 2nd half with the introduction of the military and the following events that lead to a hilariously inept climax -LRB- entirely different from the novel -RRB- . I 've read the book beforehand , which I surprisingly enjoyed -LRB- not King 's best but was fun -RRB- , and I wish the Director and screenplaywriter decided to have taken more liberties and been less faithful to the book . Yes . Maybe even to the point of rewriting the whole second half so they could make it dwell more on the four friends , which was the strength of the book anyway . So few filmmakers get Stephen King 's right-on , its not the plot , which is sometimes clunky and implausible , but King 's characters and his unique ability to get into thier heads and to make the reader like or hate them with passion . Take that aspect away and you get a mess , as we watch here in the 2nd half of the movie . What is frustrating , was that we get this done right in the 1st half . See `` Stand by Me '' and `` Shawshank Redemption '' for character driven film adaptations of King 's work.Damian Lewis -LRB- from Band of Brother mini-series -RRB- who plays Jonesy does a splendid job in a very difficult role , and the cinematography is wonderfully filmed by James Newton Howard -LRB- you might remember his great camera work from M. Night Shyamalan 's `` Signs '' and `` Sixth Sense '' -RRB- . If you must see it , watch for the bathroom scene . Its classic Stephen King -- everyday life gone oh-so-wrong . Only he can make a toilet an object of both fear and humor .
 I just could n't let this one go without giving it the praise it richly deserves . I do n't know whether to give `` Dreamcatcher '' one star or five stars . As a bad film , it 's up there with the classic bad ones . It 's one of those movies which is on cable repeatedly and becomes a guilty pleasure just to laugh at whenever it 's on -LRB- I caught it on cable , and am glad I did n't slap down $ 9.50 just to walk out -RRB- . First of all , the story 's so haphazard and clumsily directed you just give up about a half-way into it . It ai n't gon na get any better , and probably will get worse . And damn , does it get worse ... One minute it 's a psychological/mystical thriller about telepathy . Next minute it 's horror schlock . And back and forth . Chock full of inappropriate & clumsy humorous notes which dissipate the suspense . Horrendously pseudo-hip and mock-military dialogue . One character gets taken over by the aliens and speaks with a British accent so we know it 's the alien talking , and we 're treated to some illuminating highschool freshman symbolism of his trapped personality looking through a window on the events . Nice . The scene where Jason Lee is sitting on a toilet with a `` butt weasel '' trapped beneath should be frightening , but is just ridiculous . That scene is symptomatic of the whole thing
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life , and if I could , I would give it no stars . It even insults the average action/horror fan 's intelligence or appreciation for some type of entertainment . I mean , this was n't even engaging in any way , shape or form . Actually , I take that back , Donnie Wahlberg as a retard was pretty funny .
 This movie was so stupid and boring that I fell asleep while watching it . People I seriously do not recommend this movie . It is just stupid and nasty . WTF is the point of giving the children special powers when they get slaughtered anyway ? Completly and udderly TRASH
 This movie reminds me of almost all movies Stephen Kings been associated with -- it starts great and is really interesting for the first third -- barely holds your interest for the second third-and falls apart by the final third . As he too frequently does-there 's a gifted `` special '' person who plays a significant role in the movies outcome . That does n't ruin the movie -- but the covert military operation which is headed by Morgan Freeman is a total waste and takes what little suspense is left in the movie and thows it out for good.The concept was good -- some friends are isolated , and encounter a stranger who has a mysterious ailment -- and that part of the story is quite entertaiining , but the ending is lame and ruins the initial story line . Suspense and horror are replaced by mayhem and firepower . Is it worth watching -- sort of -- but is it worth owning -- no way !
 I 'm a huge fan of anything Stephan King , that being said I 'm embarassed for him for having put his name on this movie . I 've read the book and this movie is a huge disappointment . This movie has none of the depth or character developement of the book . You do n't get a sense of the friendships , why they work , how or why they 've lasted this long . The intorduction of the binding facgor of these friendships -LRB- the man child they saved a pre-teens -RRB- was sloppy at best , and pretentious at worst.If you have n't read the book then you might fine this movie -LRB- and I use the term losely -RRB- entertaining . But I highly doubt it .
 Four friends gather in a winter wilderness lodge where they will hash over old times , compare their idiosyncrasies and somehow save the world from a race of voracious worm aliens . As boys , the four befriended an apparently mentally-challenged boy known to them as `` Duddits '' - in true Stephen King style , Duddits is n't all he seems , and he rewards his new friends with newfound powers - one guy can find whatever is lost ... by anybody , another has a perfect memory -LRB- and can visualize it as a warehouse - remember that warehouse at the end of `` Raiders '' ? -RRB- , and so on . As adults they plan a weekend away in a forest cabin , chew the fat and compare notes about their powers . Their weekend reverie is cut short when it becomes clear that their stretch of woodland has become a battleground between the aforementioned body-snatching aliens and a covert military force that 's been fighting off otherworldly aliens for years . Because the aliens here can control men 's minds or even incubate within them , the ET-patrol sometimes finds itself drawing a bead on innocent human beings - and with these soldiers led with murderous efficiency by Morgan Freeman , `` sometimes '' becomes `` every other hour '' . With nowhere to turn , our heroes soon find themselves using their powers against the alien beasties and the evil soldiers.This was just an incredibly horrible movie . On the surface , it 's probably diverting . You have to look a bit deeper if you want to get the `` so bad it 's fun '' effect . I know that HG Welles 's invaders made it all the way from Mars without stopping to invent the wheel , but the worms of `` Dreamcatcher '' made it across the galaxy without the benefit of opposable thumbs -LRB- and happily for the US military , did us the favor of arriving on terra-firma , rather than anywhere on the 2/3rds of Earth covered by water , or otherwise beyond the reach of a decent military -RRB- . The plot gives the aliens the power to shape-shift - though they conceptually shift as well , with the script unable to decide if the aliens need to hatch from eggs or incubate in human beings , or whether they need to have any shape at all since they can assume anybody else 's , and though denizens of a distant planet , are familiar enough with ours to understand the evil of the British accent . Because the aliens ' intentions are unclear , the plot remains similarly vague , and never gives the leads a plot to follow . Left to their own devices , our leads act with utter stupidity -LRB- witness one of the characters , having trapped an alien in the toilet , reach desperately for ... a toothpick ? -RRB- . The biggest problem is that `` Dreamcatcher '' has something like a 2 + hour running time and nothing to fill it with but a pastiche of old sci-fi & horror stories and Stephen King plot ideas -LRB- the group of special friends from `` It '' & `` Stand By Me '' ; aliens from `` Tommyknockers '' ; the evil & covert shock troops seem like a paramilitary wing of `` The Shop '' , the covert & evil government agency that 's appeared in varying degrees in different King books -RRB- which are already a pastiche of sci-fi & horror stories . The movie is n't a very tight fit for its shriveled plot . Early on , you watch waiting for something to happen , and it does n't ; by the middle of the movie -LRB- by which time , the plot has apparently lost sight ... of everything -RRB- , you watch and wonder why things happen , or give up hope of anything happening - like the movie becoming a compelling and reasonably original story . Instead , `` Dreamcatcher '' remains consistently unwatchable , and never really all that scary .
 DreamCatcher is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . As a longtime Stephen King fan , I ignored the warnings . Fortunately , I did n't have to pay to see this dog ! It is the most vulgar/graphic movie I have ever seen . Obviously it is made for the 8-12 yr . old set , as only they can appreciate flatulence , belching , gaping -LSB- ... -RSB- wounds , slime , blood , guts and the sheer tastelessness of the movie . Should you actually persevere to the end , it turns very cartoonish and explains very little . A much better alien film , with suspense , is John Carpenter 's `` The Thing ''
 I ca n't even descibe what was wrong with this one ... You 'll just have to see it to believe it . To be fair , I did watch it all the way through , and when the film was finished , I could n't figure out what I had just witnessed . To say it was juvenile in scope would be an understatement . While I do n't exactly care for the literature of Stephen King , I ca n't imagine how he could have been responsible for something like this . Kids , the bottom fell out on this one .
 I lied ... this movie actually gets zero stars , but this rating system was n't built for movies as bad as this one , therefore it unofficially gets a 1 . In fact , you ca n't even describe this movie as being bad . It would have to improve by about 800 % just to become bad . At no point is this movie even close to being watchable . When I saw this movie , I had slept for 15 hours that day , and was all hyper due to being so well rested . However , it put me to sleep again in about 5 mins . The only reason I woke up was because of a loud farting sound , apparently caused by aliens crawling up people 's butts . Then I stayed awake long enough to have the honor of seeing some kid pick up a dog turd . Afterwards , I forced myself back to sleep . Do n't watch this movie .
 I wo n't waste many words to describe this 147 minute long movie.One word says it all ... HORRIBLE.This rates among some of the worst crap I have seen put to celluloid in years ... . The cinematography and effects are top notch but like virtually every film adaption of a Steven King story ever done -LRB- except Shawshenk Redemption and Carrie -RRB- this movie is terrible.My wife asked if Ed wood was still alive while watching it . . that should say enough.Whew ... . bad ... bad ... bad .
 -LRB- NOTE
 I admit it . I was actually intrigued by a Steven King movie for the first thirty minutes . Now I 'm intrigued by whatever psychosis is evidenced in my repeated viewings of King movies , despite their lousy history . A few observations follow :1 . Stephen King is a flake , and brings his flakiness to his dialog . I believe Dreamcatcher is probably the movie most faithful to the pecurliar idioms that he applies to his characters . The little trivialities he throws in to make his characters ' dialog lifelike makes me wince . Hint to Stephen
 OK ... so every now and then there is a movie that comes out that may be okay in it 's own right , but has next to no similarities to the story on which it was based . I have been a Stephen King fan for years and have always made a point of reading his books before seeing any of the movies . I enjoyed the book , the story was great ... I 'm not sure what they screenplay writers read , but it was NOT the book . They got some of the basic plotline and such , but there was almost no character development -LRB- and where there was , it was wrong ... totally different from the actual chracters in the book -RRB- and they must have been bored with their own work by the end , because what they put in for an ending was very simply made up . They missed the entire point of the book and went WAY off track . So if you like Stephen King , do n't bother . If you like campy `` B '' movies and have never read a Stephen King book in your life ... you may just like it .
 Stephen King should pass up the money and not let his novels be made into movies . It never works out right . The one decent movie made from one of his books -LRB- The Shining -RRB- , he hates.This movie is great for the brief period of time that it follows the novel . The first act where you are introduced to the characters could not have been done better . The casting is great as well as the initial build up of suspense . The problem is that when the aliens are finally introduced , the movie tries to go over the top with cliched military conspiraccies and surprise twists when a subtle hand is what is needed . The ending is the most rediculous thing I have ever seen.Don ' t waste your time or money on this . Check out the book from the library and leave it at that .
 Oh , Steven King wrote this ? Well he should stick to the made-for-TV miniseries genre . This movie sucked . I mean really sucked.My reasons :1 . No character motivation for about 2/3 of the many characters that they force us to watch .2 . Horribly clich&eacute;d ending with the dying friend turning into a giant alien , and the fate of the world resting on a worm that dramatically pauses before jumping into a sewer .3 . Poor visual effects . The particles were large and clumpy . The majority of the composites failed to match contrast levels . The explosions were horrible . I 'm not even going into the design of the aliens ... 4 . `` Ass weasels ''
 I loved this book , and I was bitterly disappointed by this half-assed retelling for the silver screen . Some people will probably say that I 'm being unfair rating in comparison to the novel , but it 's not true . I think I would 've hated this movie even if I had n't read the book . I actually had the misfortune of seeing it in the theater . I have n't watched the DVD version yet . There 's supposed to be an alternate ending . I 'll have to check it out , I suppose . I hope it 's better then the one they used.The first hour or so is pretty good , but then it degenerates into a really sleazy gore , suspense flick . None of the really cool scenes from the book were used . Not even the really funny cafe scene where Mr. Gray murders the state trooper . It 's just a low down dirty shame .
 Ca n't believe I 'm writing a review for this movie.Out of all the flicks I reviewed this is probably the oddest of them all.Well Mermaids is n't my kind of movie , but I can say I seen it.Bob Hoskins is a great actor and has been in films such as , Roger Rabbit , Enemy at the Gates and Unleashed w / Jet Li.Mermaids is too soft for me to ever watch , I guess I 'm trying to say it 's for younger females .
 I love a good chick flick as well as anyone , but this one is a stinkfest . The story seems tentative and unfinished and the Cast often flounder trying to flesh out this mess . Mrs Flax -LRB- Cher -RRB- moves her two daughters -LRB- Winona Ryder and Christina Ricci -RRB- from town to town for reasons which are never really explained . Charlotte -LRB- Ryder -RRB- is an annoying teenager obsessed with the Bible and with not wanting to be like her Mother , who she perceives to be immoral . Ricci is too precious for words , but manages to be less insufferable than Ryder . Poor Bob Hoskins , who has a psuedo-relationship with Cher but then sort of fades away halfway through the film
 We received the cd and it was broken . Never applied for a refund because it was a gift and did n't know where it had come from .
 I saw this when it came out in the movie theatres because I 'm a big fan of boxing and used to box , light heavy , in my younger days . Hilary Swank as a boxer ? Yea , sure . It just did n't cut it with me . Women 's boxing is not a serious sport , more like professional wrestling than boxing . This film would have been much better if Clint Eastwood trained a male character . Then you could take it seriously . By the end of the flick , when Clint Eastwood kills Hilary Swank with a lethal injection because she is paralyzed and want 's to die , it gave mercy killing a new meaning . Mercy of the viewer for bringing this joke of a movie to an end and letting us out of the theatre . I doubt the people giving this flick good ratings know much about boxing .
 Aside from being beautifully shot , this film took a 180 degree turn about halfway through and went from inspired to the other side of insipid . Definitely not a feel-good film.If you liked `` To live & Die in L.A ' or ` Seven ' . You 'll love this film .
 The movie had a great story to it , until Clint Eastwood decided to shove in his liberal propaganda with the euthanasia crap . Hey Clint , do n't ruin any more movies with your sick social and political views . What 's next , a movie about the benefits of abortion ?
 Am I the only person who misses the days when Clint Eastwood made real movies ? While his whole career from an artistic sense has been pure downhill since The Good , the Bad , & the Ugly , Million Dollar Baby marks a new low point for the former macho man . A three disc special edition for this slop ? Who are they kidding ? Do they think this is The Battle of Algiers?The sad fact is that while the quality of world filmmaking continues to increase , Hollywood films continue to get worse and worse , stifled by corporate and union bureaucracies and a total lack of original thought . Million Dollar Baby was not even one of the ten best films of 2004 , but it earned the best pic prize because the Oscars are not so much a measure of artistic merit as they are a shameless self-promotion vehicle . It has n't been this bad since the 1960s , when dreadful flics like Tom Jones and Oliver won the big prize .
 It 's interesting , in a day when movies are purportedly becoming more sophisticated , that something like MILLION DOLLAR BABY comes along . First of all , can anyone really believe Hillary Swank as a boxer ? They might as well have cast Britney Spears as being equally believable . Next , what are the freaky chances that events like those surrounding the ending of this movie could actually happen ? No , they could n't accomplish the tearjerker as part of the sport of boxing , despite its barbaric nature . No ! They had to introduce an externality of sorts to accomplish the ruse.And they did just that , working to manipulate the audience rather than pull them in legitimately . Okay , so we supposedly like manipulation , we like fantasy . That 's what it 's all about , right ? For me , I am tired of being suckered ! `` But , '' you say , `` it won best picture and Hillary won best actress ! '' It just does n't hold water . One need only consider the fickle and raucous history of the Academy Awards to realize just how many Oscars have been awarded to various recipients for reasons other than actual cinematographic or acting excellence . Movies like MONSTER 'S BALL , TITANIC and LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL come to mind.Yes , well-deserved kudos to Morgan Freeman and to Clint Eastwood for accomplishing their roles very masterfully . A big NO ! to Hillary Swank.THE HORSEMAN
 Most overrated oscar winner of all time ! Nothing more than a repellantly deceptive T.V. movie of the week -LSB- I 've actually watched such movies that were infinitely more engaging and less manipulative than this one ! -RSB- mediocrity . It is acceptable , recognized and soooo overvalued simply because it sets up unrealistic situations which stroke and necessitate politically correct values . `` Tough Questions '' ?! No , terms like dying with dignity bully , intimidate and preempt any thoughtful discussion.If there is any compassionate -LRB- not the modern easy and self-serving version of compassion out there today-but the kind that really values life-even when it 's painful , a lot of work and costly -RRB- person out there , try to objectively engage with the following quote from a dutch doctor . -LRB- since `` Million Dollar Baby '' has already begged the question . -RRB- `` Life is not a quality . Death is not a right . It is naive to think that euthanasia will remain voluntary . Euthanasia is an extinguishment of all rights . ''
 O.K. , I have not seen this movie yet but will plunk down by hard earned bucks as soon as it 's released on the 12th of July . What I do n't get is , are there people out there that buy full screen DVD 's or worse , prefer them ?! Why do you want to watch a cropped off version of the movie ? I do n't get it , you might as well stick to Video tape which made the huge , ripping off the public , mistake of turning out 95 % of the factory tapes in pan and scan . Wake up folks , buy the real version of the movie . Make thes inferior versions go away . Wide screen will get five stars , hear this movie is awesome .
 And that is saying a lot ... because I consider myself to be a lover of movies ... This ranks right alongside if not above Braveheart , The Godfather , and E.T. I ca n't say it is the movie I liked the most ... but it is SO well acted ... so well directed ... and the story , although seemingly contrived worked for me . Swank has proved that she is in a class all by herself , with her second Oscar and quite possibly the best female performance I can EVER remember ... it is the subtleties of her portrayal that makes this performance work ... I was wondering if my assessment of this flick was way off , so I started surfing reviews ... and for once ,
 Given the amount of lavish praise and gushing reviews that have been heaped upon this film , one would think that it 's a masterpiece of sorts . On that scale , it is n't even a mediocre film at best.Like craggy old men ? Well , you have not one but two of them
 A friend asked me recently if I liked boxing movies , and was surprised when I said yes . But this is n't a boxing movie . It 's an ode to Clint Eastwood 's self-image . Clint is a great comic actor ; he 's funny whether he 's getting beaten or beating some poor fool to a pulp . In this droning fraud , he does neither . Instead he quotes the poetry of William Butler Yeats . I like poetry and I like boxing , but this is just pretentiousness on the part of an aging actor who has begun to take himself too seriously as a tough guy . Equally pretentious is the performance of Morgan Freeman as God ... -LRB- or was that another movie ... ? -RRB- . In fact the only quality bit in Million Dollar Baby is the performance of Hillary swank , which is almost good enough to save the project . To class this sentimental escape with such great boxing movies as Raging Bull or Cinderella Man is a disgrace and an outrage .
 There are many good things to say of this film , and these already have been written by those giving it five stars . Generally , I go along with some of them , and personally I regret not being able to give the big five to my man Clint , et al.But to those of us who really know how pulling the plug works , there were some gaping holes in the screenplay . Today , all hospitals have end-of-life boards , usually the combination of a physician , social worker and medical ethicist , and sometimes even a cleric , who by the regs -LRB- Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospitals -RRB- respond to patients in terminal situations , assisting them in decisions to terminate care at such critical junctures as those met by Maggie . I have participated in some of these instances , and am embarrassed that the writers would not have known.Neither does the film do justice to the incredible advances of recent years in therapy for spinal cord injuries , and to the alternatives which would have been available to Maggie . This film should have had a medical consultant available to the writers and producers.I can understand that the film already was long enough , so that this benign process could not be interjected . But without it , the film inferred moral approval of what Boss did for Maggie , justifying it for the sake of love . Here , some ambiguity was left dangling , making it unclear if the moral of the story was of Boss 's love for Maggie , or an approval of euthanasia , motivated by Boss 's guilt over his lost relationship with his daughter.As screen minutes go , some of the time lost on maudlin could have been used to a deepening of their love for each other . If she had to die , the mental and emotional process could then have been made into a real commitment between them . At that , as Boss simply disappears after his act , we do n't get to know how he worked out his own salvation . It is inferred he went back to the restaurant with the great lemon meringue pie.Considering Hollywood 's leftist politics , if those folks insist upon charging us good money to receive the industry 's radical views , then the producers should be required to give all facets of such important moral issues as euthanasia . This film , unfortunately , is just one more example of the triumph of emotion over reason , and the aversion of intellectual examination of the issues . Well , you may argue this is art . But this is only one panel in a mural which ultimately must extend beyond emotion.In the end , we get a euthanised girl and a killer on the run . Where 's Dirty Harry when you need him ?
 I rented this movie based on the praise reviewers here have given it , and recommendations from family.When it was all said and done , all I could think was - `` That was stupid . `` I ca n't believe people cried . I had no idea what the movie was about , but I found it very predictable nonetheless.The acting and cinematography was good.Good thing I had this on DVD so I could turn on the subtitles to understand what Eastwood and Freeman were saying.So what 's up with Frankie and his daughter anyway?Does WBA boxing really bring in a million dollars for a championship fight?Was Danger just included in the story for comic relief?Take Rocky - the rags to riches boxing story , Shawshank Redemption - Morgan Freeman giving narration , The Power of One - Another Morgan Freeman Boxing themed movie , and any run of the mill depressing , cripple & kill the hero movie , give it a twist -LRB- make your hero a chick -RRB- and viola , you have Million Dollar Baby.I do n't foresee ever watching this movie again . And I do n't foresee anyone finding this review helpful , simply because I did n't like it and everyone else does ...
 Expectations sure were high as critic after critic proclaimed this ca n't miss and one of the best films of the year . Ebert even proclaimed it film of the year.So all I can do is scratch my head as I try and find what 's so amazing about this female version of Rudy gone bad.All of the leads are certianly typecast - Clint plays the same old Clint . Morgan treads familiar ground and Hilary is yet the tom-boy once again.So what we have is your typical underdog story that apparently has tugged at the heartstrings of a vast majority of viewers.Well , forgive me for not being affected , by this cliche ridden , flawed , average film . Maybe the expectations are to blame . Because had the hype not been so great , I would 've thought it was a mildly entertaining underdog story and after all everyone loves the underdog.Sadly , as it turns out this film does n't meet the hype on any level . The biggest flaw being the script which is bound down by one cliche after the next . Maybe the twist would have worked if it was n't fueled by a misguided suspension of disbelief , the problem being the film does n't exist without it.If you can make it through the 1st 120 minutes of this film , you might just buy into it , considering all of america is telling you how great it is and you might not be one to resist the urge of being accepted at the hair salon or coffee shop.Overrated .
 For me , this was sort of a waste of 2 hours . Some of the things were predictable , but I was n't sure how it was all going to play out . I just could n't connect with the characters all that much . I have really tried to like Hilary Swank as an actress , but for some reason I just have n't found her in a role that seems to capture an emotional captivating role.Clint Eastwood is always great , and so is Morgan Freeman they were great in this film . This was a touching story , but I feel it could have been more gripping for me with a different leading female , or some background music , I do n't really recall any , and I just watched it last night.There are many positive reviews , and to many this probably was a good film , I just did n't feel it.At least I just had it as a rental from Net-Flix .
 Morgan Freeman is one of America 's great actors , and I 'm glad the Academy has finally rewarded him with an Oscar . But it 's unfortunate that it had to be for `` Million Dollar Baby '' , a sloppily written and directed film from Clint Eastwood , who can do no wrong in Hollywood these days , even when he makes tripe . Maggie Fitzgerald -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- is a waitress from the hills of Missouri determined to be a professional boxer , even though she seems to know little about the sport . She buys a 6-month membership to the `` Hit Pit Gym '' , owned by Frankie Dunn -LRB- Clint Eastwood -RRB- , a curmudgeonly veteran trainer and manager who `` does n't train girls '' . Her persistence evokes the sympathy of the gym manager , an elderly ex-boxer named Scrap -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who points her in the right direction to the extent that Maggie eventually impresses Frankie too . `` Million Dollar Baby '' is n't about boxing or winning , and it fails at being a character study , because the characters are drawn with such broad strokes . Frankie , in particular , is a vague man whom we never know much about apart from his being macho and troubled by some guilt or other . Scrap actually tells the story through a solemn voice-over narration , which no one could do better than Morgan Freeman . But the fact that Scrap has to explain the characters to us on an ongoing basis is one of `` Million Dollar Baby '' 's many examples of poor writing . Some others are
 This film had its moments , but mostly , it was predictable and very unrealistic . What happened to her in the ring during her last fight is illegal and there is absolutetly no way in hell they would allow the other fighter to win that fight , as was mentioned by the white trash mother . I watch boxing and I was appalled at that scene . It pretty much ruined the movie for me from that point on . It could have been a good movie but instead it chose to go cliche .
 I just do n't get all the hype around this movie.Basically it is divided into two parts - a typical underdog sports story and an equally typical tear jerker . The only originality that I saw in this movie was putting these two overused storylines together into one movie.A few other things that irritated me about the movie ... Maggie 's rise to greatness . She went from having almost no boxing talent to becoming one of the best female boxers in the world in a span of a year and a half . This was so hard to believe that I found it difficult to take anything in the movie seriously.The character named `` Danger '' . I did n't mind the character but I do n't understand why he was included in the movie . He did nothing to further the plot.Maggie 's conversation about her childhood dog that became disabled and was killed out of mercy by her father . This scene effectively took away any element of surprise concerning the `` twist '' in the later portion of the movie.Morgan Freeman 's voiceover was difficult to understand.I never felt that the characters connected . The end of this movie should have made me sad but since I never grew to care about the characters -LRB- probably because they could have been taken directly out of any rags to riches sports movie -RRB- I could not have cared less.The one high point in the movie was the subplot involving Maggie 's family . The scenes with the family were the only ones in which I felt emotionally involved .
 For a film with 3 different releases -LRB- 2-disc wide , 2-disc full , and 2-disk + soundtrack digipack -RRB- its bizarre and unfortunate they are such sub-par releases . The 2-discs come with a very basic outer clamshell package , no chapter list insert is included , no outer cardboard sleeve is included , and only 3 extra features -LRB- That are interesting , but did it really need 2 discs ? -RRB- and comes with NO commentaries . On top of that the DVD has a very poor animorphic wide screen transfer -LRB- come on WB this is a huge release , you could n't get it right ? -RRB- . Its too bad really , because this is a truly amazing film that deserved an amazing DVD .
 My first hint that there this movie was going to let me down was when Clint and Hilary go to visit her mother . She has taken her winnings and bought a house for her mother , so that she can move out of the trailer park . Instead of being grateful and proud of her daughter , her mother complains that with a house like this , she wo n't be able to stay on welfare and Medicaid . `` Why did n't you just give me the money ? '' she asks . `` I know your intentions were good , but you just do n't think things through , '' she tells her dismayed daughter . `` Is Eastwood a Republican ? '' I muttered under my breath . This stereotype of poor people - as lazy , deceptive , ungrateful and basically worthless irks me whenever it turns up . And it turns up here , naturally , as a contrast to our hero - who may not have much going for her , but is going to follow her dream with determination and persistence and make something of herself . Good . Great . Heard it before . This won Best Picture?And then it just goes from bad to worse . Our plucky heroine , who got to the title fight on nothing but determination and stubbornness , who refused to accept the hand dealt to her and celebrates her birthday by punching a speed bag , because if she does n't have that , she `` might as well go back home and buy a used trailer and get a deep fryer and some Oreos , '' becomes an entirely different person . And yet somehow we 're still supposed to admire her ; to agree with her decision to end her life . Why ? Because she 's paralyzed ? What happened to all that pluck , that determination to take the cards you 're dealt and make life count ? There are lots of things a person can do in a wheelchair - is n't that why we love Christopher Reeve , because like Hilary in the first half of the movie , he refused to give up ? In her teary plea to Clint , she begs him to let her die `` before the cheers fade from my ears . '' Well , news for you babe , paralyzed or not , the cheers will eventually fade from your ears . Heck , if we 're going to kill off everyone who is no longer able to pursue their dream , then somebody better go get Morgan Freeman he 's certainly past his prime , time to put a bullet his head . It 's ridiculous , it 's a mess . Despair is not heroic.This is not a movie about the dignity of assisted suicide . The people who go that route are terminally ill , and can only foresee a future of increasing pain and decreasing lucidity . Hilary is offered a productive and happy life ; she chooses death instead . In the end , the movie 's an insult to every disabled person who has chosen to fight , to make the best of a bad hand , to make their life count.This won best picture ?
 At the end of this movie , I felt so bad I hardly wanted to go on . This movie has great acting , but the story is horrifically macabre . I can not understand that a movie that celebrates the evil within people and the abandonment of one 's morals received such accolades .
 I like Clint Eastwood and his movies for the most part . However , this multiple-Oscar winning film was very disappointing.I went into it not knowing anything about it except what was obvious from the DVD cover -LRB- female boxer -RRB- and the Oscar buzz ... So , Clint brings the same gravelly voice he used in 1986 's `` Heartbreak Ridge '' , Hilary Swank brings an irritating drawl as well as an irritating character personality , and Morgan Freeman tags along and they all win Oscars.Not only was the movie a big downer , which normally is OK - they do n't all have to be Disneyesque - but along the way I felt manipulated through some of it as it went off on tangents.Worst of all , I think , is the rather sudden development of an over-aged waitress into some type of boxing phenom - when we all know it really takes a lot more hard work , dedication , training , and luck to have that kind of success.Still , it was a well-made professional movie , and some people rate it a knock-out . I 'm throwing in the towel .
 In a number of interviews Clint Eastwood has maintained that this film is about a father/daughter relationship . It is only incidentally about boxing , and its depiction of euthanasia is primarily present for the sake of the drama - it is not a film ` about ' euthanasia . There is something grossly disingenuous about Mr.Eastwood 's responses , to the point where it becomes questionable whether he is prepared to reveal any of his real motivations - either that or he truly has an incredibly limited comprehension of the forces at play both within the film and in its reception by the broader world , and , possibly , little insight into his own self . * Some Christian critics have seen the film as problematising euthanasia in a morally helpful way , but many have condemned it for condoning the practice ; in an online interview on filmlinc.com , Eastwood comes perilously close to admitting that the film allows an interpretation where ` the cosmos ' supports the protagonist 's decision , despite this character 's own misgivings . Elsewhere it has been pointed out that U.S. law allows a cognitively intact paraplegic person to ask for accessory means of life support to be withdrawn - that is to say , in the movie the Hilary Swank character , Maggie , could simply have asked doctors to disconnect her respirator ; one wonders if this fact was known by Mr.Eastwood and his screenwriter , Mr.Haggis , and if so why they chose to depict the death as actively assisted . At the very least , it seems a conscious decision on the writers ' parts to do so , and one would like to hear an articulate elaboration of their reasons for doing so - none is forthcoming in the interviews I have read , save for brief appeals to the dictates of ` the drama ' or ` the characters ' . * In a way , all this is a criticism of the dreadful inarticulateness at the heart of this movie . Mr.Eastwood embodies a kind of mute self-righteousness in many of his roles , and he appears to valorise this stance in real life ; for instance , he states that none of us would know what decision we would make prior to actually being in the shoes of Frankie Dunn , and he states this as if it were both uncontroversially true and a good thing . Clearly many people know what they would do without actually being in such a position , and what is more they can give reasons why they would act in a certain way , either through citing religious beliefs or through reasoned argument derived from a secular moral theory or , perhaps , through a less systematic reflection upon their own character ; whatever the ultimate decision , the process of giving voice to the conflicting factors informing the deliberations appears essential , essential for any kind of intellegent , reflective life , including the most dogmatically religious , and vitally essential for a living democracy . It is very odd to have sentiments implicitly undermining the difficult process of rendering strong yet inarticulate feelings into words , a clear and literate expression of our inner lives - very odd indeed coming from America , where freedom of expression and the marketplace of ideas have long been extolled as virtues . * The film itself if full of cliches . Many of these are offensive . The face of evil in the film is the established female boxing champion . Gratuitously we are informed that she is German and that she is a former prostitute . As is the formula in Die Hard , and in most mainstream Hollywood films , the villain is preferably a foreigner . Here the villain 's moral worth is allied with the low regard in which prostitution is held . The villain also has dark skin . Other villains come in the form of welfare cheats . Maggie 's family are referred to as ` hillbillies ' . Several times her mother 's obesity is mentioned as not a mere fact but as a fact worthy of moral condemnation - this prejudice , that being overweight equates with laziness and a kind of moral laxity , is presented with no overt acknowledgement . It is just one of the background assumptions of the film . Similarly , Maggie 's decision that it would be better to be dead than be permanently disabled is vindicated by the entire tenor of the film - this has quite understandably provoked objections from groups fighting for the rights of the disabled , and forums of such views can be accessed on the web . On these sites it is mentioned that Mr.Eastwood spent around $ 600,000 in legal fees , fighting a case brought against him in response to his refusal to install $ 7,000 of toilets accessible by the disabled in his ranch-style resort . * On a purely cinematic level , this is a boxing movie . Life is portrayed as a fight , requiring both toughness and skill . The violence is glorified until tragedy intervenes , and even then it is not outrightly condemned . Unsurprisingly , Mr.Eastwood is no pacifist . There is the voyeuristic novelty of having female boxers - at least they are clothed , although this was not always the case , organised topless female boxing having been practiced in the U.K. during the nineteenth century . There are the stereotypical ideas of overcoming odds , getting to the top through hard work , and an ounce of luck , and , above all , having a dream and pursuing it , even when it is utterly delusional . This last idea is strangely embodied in ` Danger ' , a mentally deficient young man , who is apparently applauded for maintaining illusions of becoming a boxer when this is openly absurd - better this than the alternatives , or so says the film , without of course any exploration of what the alternatives might actually be . There is manipulative music and moody lighting . Ironically I found myself thinking of ` The Karate Kid ' series , which starred none other than Hilary Swank - despite surface dissimilarities , part of the ` entertainment ' arrives at the same emotional pitch in both ` Million Dollar Baby ' and its less feted predescessors . This is appealing , no doubt . Mr.Eastwood 's intentions have us involved with the flowering of a redemptive love between Frankie Dunn and Maggie , two people very much alone . This loneliness is well-portrayed and their care each for the other is the best thing about the film . The existential concerns of Frankie Dunn do have an honesty and power which the film effectively conveys . It is not for nothing that so many viewers have responded to this film . Even so , however admirable the lack of maudlin exchanges , the film is also severe in its prohibition of voiced communication of love - I am deeply uncertain whether this should be admired , as it sadly merges with its broader reticence on all manner of difficult subject matter . * Mr.Eastwood and , to be fair , some of his defenders have invoked the independence-of-art argument to answer some of their critics . Unfortunately in his hands this argument amounts to a request to silence the debate . It is also a refusal to acknowledge that , perhaps , many of his views , or indeed prejudices , are embodied in the work at a level not immediately obvious to himself . Just as the character , Frankie Dunn , is mystified by his long-estranged daughter 's refusal to reply to his letters , about the failures and limitations of his own character , so Mr.Eastwood appears oblivious to the limitations of his own emotional range , his own intellect , and to the effect disseminating his unacknowledged views might have upon others .
 Clint Eastwood has single-handedly depressed the movie-going public with three films
 I was very disappointed , when the dvd arrived I had paid extra to get it in a hurry so my terminally ill father in law could enjoy it for christmas but firstly , the dvd box arrived damaged with no time to send for a replacement then it would n't play ! And of course once you open it you 're stuck with it so all $ 36 was wasted & my father in law was so disappointed . The only good thing was it arrived on time but I had paid for that . was obvious another box had been resting on my order to cause the damage . Pity not sure if I 'd order dvd again .
 gave this too a friend because didnt work for my type of player and it wouldnt work for my friend he said he couldnt even get it started would like refund
 If you have n't seen this movie do n't read this review . It contains a couple of big spoilers.This movie is just plain bad . None of the characters seem real . It 's as if Clint said , `` We 'll all underact . We 'll all do nothing and everyone will just love it . '' Hillary did not make me believe she was a boxer . I 've seen women with builds that make believe they can fight . Could n't Hillary have trained at least a little ? Clint did not make me believe he was an old broken down man running a gym . Morgan seemed to be wandering around the set waiting to go home.I was rolling my eyes at every contrived bit of supposedly deep drama even before they -LRB- writer , producer and director -RRB- sucker punched her into being a quadrapalegic . When the family appeared squeezed into the frame holding their memorabelia from the theme park and acting heremetically insensitive I had to stifle a laugh . For a brief moment I thought that I , and the audience I was watching with , had totally missed that it was really a comedy.Then , at the end of the film , two actors try to pretend that one is killing the other and all I can think about is making sure I get everything on my grocery list .
 a separate price for wide screen/full screen versions ?!?!?!? im surprised they dont have a charge for the second disc as well.the movie itself didnt capture my interest.i feel clint is a fine actor and a competent director ... but his movies tend to be slow in pace and over rated.again , the 1 star is for the ripoff .
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . Yes , pretty good acting and excellent fight scenes but it looked like something that would have happened 100 years ago . That is , of course , if women were fighting then . The whole idea of a `` dirty fighter '' hitting someone after the bell rings is an anachronism . Hillary and Morgan were OK but Clint should hang it up . Either that , or he should go back to Dirty Harry movies .
 There is not a single important issue in this plot that could have moved forward without the writer and director making impossibly false choices . Maggie 's progress , especially in light of her background ; the incredible rule breaking in the championship match that go almost unmentioned ; the results of the match , -LRB- vaguely referred to -RRB- , that would actually be the exact opposite ; are just few of the items that will be absurd to discerning viewers . Even looking at this as a fantasy , -LRB- which reviewers do n't seem to be doing -RRB- , there is no way to accept so much that would never have occurred in the real world . Fantastic situations must be accompanied by believeable explanations . This film uses no explanation , but rather more fantasy , to explain .
 I just got to watch this movie for the first time . It was alright , but not Oscar-worthy in my opinion . I did some research and found out all five nominees . I have n't seen `` Sideways '' . `` The Aviator '' was awful . But `` Ray '' and `` Finding Neverland '' were both excellent movies .
 Million Dollar Baby is a movie that makes a strong start in one direction ... but then does an abrupt turn and heads in another direction . Either story it 's trying to tell could be interesting , but the first story lacks a proper ending , and the second story is poorly developed.The movie is framed by a narrative device that ends up being extremely contrived . At one point , the narrator has to magically be present to observe something going on so he can narrate about it , when there 's no reason for him to be present , and then he seems to teleport back to another location . This movie is overall poorly conceived , and the fact that it won best picture is more indicative of the invalidity of the Academy 's opinion than it is of the quality of this film .
 We figured someone would die in this film -LRB- an old timer or something -RRB- , but did n't expect what we got.It 's extemely depressing . My husband commented that the people who recommended the film to him must not have ever experienced real suffering in their own lives , as he has and prefers not to watch on screen . I said , as a parent , I hate these kind of endings . I do n't want all lollypops and flowers , but this was too much.I do n't have lots of time to watch movies . Wished I 'd skipped this one .
 The acting in this movie is of course superb , as expected with such a great cast . The directing/cinematography was also compelling and very well-done . However , the depressing turn that this movie takes I feel took away from these virtues and did not add to the quality of storyline or emotion involved as it did in `` Boys Do n't Cry '' -LRB- I 've seen `` Boys Do n't Cry '' several times , but would not watch `` Million Dollar Baby '' again -RRB- . This is why I gave this movie only 2 stars .
 Paul Haggis is up for a Best Screenplay Adaptation Oscar for his reconfiguration of `` Rope Burns
 Terrible . Predictable . And when did Dirty Harry become a boxing trainer ? I mean come on Clint . If you ca n't act , your the director , find someone who can.I saw this movie the first time when it was called Rocky . Seriously . The only thing that separated this from Rocky was the lack of a cheesey montage.Definately should n't have won all of the awards it did . I saw many better movies this year .
 Eastwood performance reminds of the mummy . The whole story is performed in a slow and untouching way -LRB- I had no feeling for the characters -RRB- . Do you want to see the pinnacle in boxing movies ? the Rocky series is the one to go , nothing even comes close .
 Oh yes , let us all celebrate this director as he joins the elite of Hollywood who claim that the only dignified way for a person who is paralyzed by the trial of life or physical limitations is either to committ suicide , or give the okay for someone else to off you.As I watched the film , I noticed that Clint 's muscles are kind of flabby looking and he does n't seem to get around as easily as he did in `` The Day '' , so maybe we should pull the plug on him.We have an influx of Japanese Martial Arts movies that also tout the only means of Spiritual freedom realised by a lost culture , to be suicide.This is a load of crap.My mom killed herself when she was only forty-one years old ... I was twenty years old.A year and a half later , my step-dad shot himself.These people are liars , there is no dignity in suicide or assisted death.Not to mention , let us remember that Mr. Sean Penn went overseas and came back to tell us how sad he thought the war was , right about the time he was rewarded for a film in which he took the life of a man he , `` Assumed was the guilty party in the death of his teenaged daughter . `` Just overlook the fact that the Hollywood media giant are persuing the push to disqualify life in general , and satisfy that they are laying the groundwork for what is accepted as your `` Useability Period '' , at which point , you can either ... without discretion or any counselling not only ask for someone to murder you legally , you also have the advantage to assist others so they can realise that their lives are no longer useful.Hey Kevin Spacey ... suicide is not the way to win social agendas you feel wrong a certain part of society .
 Having an aunt who had a severe spinal cord injury -LRB- she fell off a rocking horse when she was 11 -RRB- makes me an expert at dealing with a loved one with this type of injury . I used to visit her every weekend when she had this injury and I have to say there was n't one day where I would have pulled the plug and stopped her from living . Sure , there were some days , she asked me to end her life , I would n't do it . I did n't care how many rolls of tears went down her cheeks . A man has to stop somewhere ! My point is , the American society can not show movies where its cool to end someone 's life . What was I supposed to do , start clapping when Clint Eastwood 's character pulld her breathing tube ? Let me tell you something , if I had pulled the breathing tube from my aunt when she was 11 , My family and I would have never been able to enjoy the next 14 years of her immobilzing life with her . And if it was n't for her succumbing to some type of lung infection , we would have enjoyed many more years with her .
 Despite the fact that Hillary Swank is a beautiful , super-talented actress , this movie was the worst I have ever seen . I say this because of the terrible evil that it is clearly trying to promote , namely the murder of anybody who is physically handicapped in some way . The mind of the character played by Hillary Swank was completely intact , yet instead of taking loving care of her , Clint Eastwood took advantage of her physical helplessness by murdering her . This is left-wing propaganda at its most shameful .
 I do n't recomend this movie . And although the acting is very good -LRB- the 2 stars -RRB- , the story is troubleing . Admittedly , I 'm a `` happy ending '' kind of guy , but there was nothing redeeeming about the way this movie ends . Are we to believe that we are no different than pets being put to sleep at the local shelter ? Dunn suffers no consequences for his actions in ending Maggie 's life nor does the boxer who broke her neck . Maggie 's battles accomplished nothing beyond scars , broken bones and in the end , a broken neck . So much time is devoted to Dunn 's broken relationship with his daughter , but we never learn why the relationship was estranged . Like another Academy Winner `` American Beauty '' , this DVD went from the player straight to the garbage can . What a waste ! I think I will watch Shawshank Redemption again . Now there 's a movie !
 Know this before you buy , rent or watch . This movie advocates murder under the pretense of assisted suicide . It uses a pretense that life is not worth living if you are paralyzed that has been completely disproven in the real lives of many people . Just two examples , Joni Erickson Tada and Hollywood 's own Christopher Reeves.You can read all the great skills of the director and actors in the other reviews.No matter what your opinion , at least you should know this about the movie in advance .
 -LSB- * Sung to the tune of ` WHERE HAVE ALL THE FLOWERS GONE ? ' by The Kingston Trio ; # 21 on the Billboard charts in 1962 -RSB- Where have all the ladies gone ? Long time passing.Where have all the ladies gone ? Ca n't find a one.Where have all the ladies gone ? Turned into men ev'ry one.When will they ever learn ? Will they ever return?Where have all the young girls gone ? Spitting , grunting.Where have all the young girls gone ? They punch 'n' bleed.Where have all the young girls gone ? To beat and be beat upon.When will they ever learn ? Will they never return?Where have all the real men gone ? They went P.C.Where has Dirty Harry gone ? Gender-bending . Where have all the real men gone ? Helping women behave wrong.Are ladies gone for good ? Is sweetness gone for good?Where is femininity ? Tattoo parlors.Where is femininity ? The military.Where is femininity ? Dressed up like a policeman.It rides a fire truck . It drives a pickup truck.What has happened to our world ? Ladies missing.What has happened to our world ? Out of balance.What has happened to our world ? It has gone straight to the dogs.When will they ever learn ? The ladies must return .
 This movie blatantly equates man to the level of an animal -LRB- a dog to be specific -RRB- . Instead of emphasizing the fact that man as a person is important and valuable as a creation of God , man is reduced to the level of animal , without a soul . In the movie Clint Eastwood , despite his CLAIMED Catholic faith , decides to murder the boxer that he trained , in the name of being humane . The very purpose of this movie is appalling .
 When I think of this movie I think of the proccess of Vomiting . FIrst You take in the food , in this case two over-used plot devices
 I was very disappointed after struggling through this so called `` Masterpiece '' . The movie was too darn long and I got tired of looking at Hilary Swank 's buck teeth . I really thought this was going to be a good movie because I enjoy boxing movies and after seeing Cinderella Man I thought this would be just as good . But I was wrong and ended up falling asleep probably two different times through it.I had to read the DVD box a couple of times to assure myself that Clint Eastwood directed it because it reminded me of an Oliver Stone movie - the type that overkills a theme/message . I guess I 'm in the minority when saying that I just do n't see why it got such great praise.If Amazon.com let me I would give this a Zero Star Rating.Clint , stick with Dirty Harry and Unforgiven type movies .
 How did this film ever win any awards ! Sentimental chick flick.A per previous reviews `` Champ '' did the sentimental boxer movie so much better -LRB- if that 's your thing -RRB- Hilary Swank is totally unconvincing as a boxer - i wonder if she even spent a couple of days training for this movie . Sorry but compare that the Will Smiths preparation for Ali -LRB- not a great film either but at least it was possible to believe that he could at least fight his way out of a paper bag -RRB- The actual fight scenes are nonsense . That even goes for the corner work - check out the dry sponge as clint carefully dabs it over her face - probably in fear of smudging her makeupA waste of 2 hours
 It was beautifully acted by Hillary Swank , and had a few exciting boxing moments , but , this was the most depressing movie I 've ever seen and I really walked out of the theater feeling terribly down and regretful I 'd seen it . This movie shows life being so cruel to its lead characters it just seemed out of balance to me . Especially because the whole beginning of the movie seems to be calling for an eventual relief from all the hardship . Unfortunately , It begins close to the bottom and takes you lower . It is a well acted and directed movie , though , so if you can take this sort sad subject matter , it might be worth a look .
 MDB is one of those movies nitwit critics think is profound because of two things . One
 I am very unhappy with this film . It 's blatant in two ways
 After waiting over a week to avoid paying for the high cost of shipping , my DVD arrived . I settled in with my popcorn and pepsi to watch my movie that same evening . I popped it into my DVD player and it said `` loading , loading , loading '' and then finally , `` bad disk '' . This is my second unhappy experience with Amazon . I shipped the disk back and decided to instead purchase the DVD at the video store . Not only was it $ 6.00 cheaper -LRB- not including the shipping ! -RRB- but when I popped it into my DVD player , it actually loaded and played ! And it had a second disk of special trailers included ! The good thing is that you were able to credit my account after only a week which I appreciate . Thank you .
 Watching this film , I was reminded that Clint Eastwood was a right-wing politician in California , I believe the mayor of some wealthy California town . His reactionary ideology comes through in this awful , manipulative film . Among the agendas being pushed is a hatred of welfare recipients , with the boxer 's family being a repulsive caricature of people in need of public assistance . No doubt , Eastwood has little problem with people in his tax bracket receiving government contracts and sweet deals for public land ; but like most wealthy right-wingers I 'm sure Clint loves kicking the poor in the face every chance he gets.The movie also advanced the notion that `` people love violence , '' a thought shared by Morgan Freeman 's allegedly wise character , as the camera pans to the mob cheering as women pound each other . I do n't remember women 's boxing being all that popular , nor male boxing . In fact , the numbers of people going to violent pro sporting events -LRB- to root for modern day gladiators -RRB- is dwarfed by the numbers of people who go to national parks , libraries , museums , and engage in all sorts of non-violent activities . Clint may love violence because he spent much of his career posing as a tough-guy and making a bunch of money doing it . I would n't be surprised to hear if gun-manufacturers paid him for all his cinematic gun-toting . Other reactionary elememts of this movie include the celebration of Morgan Freeman 's Uncle Tom character , the portrayal of the younger black as a hateful thug , the endless sermon about `` saving your money '' -LRB- rich people are always lecturing the poor about how they simply need to save their non-existent money , and stop complaining about things like class war -RRB- , and patriarchy -LRB- it was a bit narcissistic to see Clint cast himself as the man who gets fawned over by a woman a third his age -RRB- . This country is awash in reactionary propaganda , sometimes it takes obvious forms in our corporate news media -LRB- CNN and Fox -RRB- . Sometimes it takes the forms of comments in advertisements , or the narratives of tv dramas like `` 24 '' -LRB- where the US empire is always under-threat , but apparently never commits aggression against other nations -RRB- . And sometimes the propaganda appears very subtlely in films like `` Million Dollar Baby . '' We should keep an eye out for films directed by right-wingers , or starring right-wingers like Arnold Schwarzeneggar . These figures do n't put their politics to the side when the camera rolls ; and neither should progressives -LRB- see Warren Beatty 's `` Bulworth '' -RRB- . Regarding quality-of-life issues , there 's a much better film called `` The Sea Inside . '' It 's an award-winning film from Spain that does n't feel a need to try to convince us of how violent we are , or how awful the poor are , or how young blacks should get their teeth knocked out -LRB- a scene that says a lot about the mindset of the film-maker who created it -RRB- .
 THis movie is nothing but pro-euthanasia propoganda . Anyone with a serious disability should be angry . I will never watch another movie directed by Eastwood or starring Hillary Swank .
 I have learned my lesson . If Paul Haggis wrote the script than the movie is wortheless -LRB- `` Crash '' also sucks ! -RRB- . Yes , this movie belongs to my list of decadent pseudo-intelectual entertainment . Let 's start translating the movie . First it presents us a character that always wins . When the character supposedly loses it 's because someone else cheated . This is a shameful manipulation trying to appeal to all the losers that believe that success is easy . But since losers never really get anywhere the final victory is not achieved . This is part of the manipulation because the losers watching the movie have to identify with it.For me art is supposed to inspire people . Where is that inspiration in this movie ? Where is it trying to lead us ? The objective of the movie is just to give people an aspirin to make them feel better about their own sad lives.The only good thing is that Mr. Haggis will be able to get that house in beverly hills that he always dreamed about .
 ... as in , i dont like it ; before this one , every movie from eastwood seems to me , not only well made , but great and sofisticated , i really like what this guy is able to make , but in this case the story seems to much to tell just a few things , and -LRB- probably is just me -RRB- the all movie seems to be about nothing , a not very new story , with nothing new to tell , in a very old way ... anyway , the thing is still better than most releases , but i feel it felt short considering all it had going for it
 Could this be the year ? That appears to be the very question on everyone 's mind this Oscar season and the answer always depends on who you are asking . Based on the fans of The Aviator , they believe co-heartedly that if the Boston Red Sox could lift their once-ancient curse then there is still hope for Martin Scorsese in the Best Director category . For Million Dollar Baby , The Aviator 's only true competition -LRB- Sorry Sideways -RRB- , Clint Eastwood could prove to be back in contention form . Though many critics praised last year 's contender , Mystic River , it had nothing on the existential strength that was The Lord of the Rings
 I saw the movie Million Dollar Baby with my girlfriend mostly because my sister said it was absolutely one of the best movies she had ever seen . I still am trying to see what she saw . This movie is a real sleeper . The movie is very predictable . The ending makes absolutely no sense and is very unrealistic . I have seen a lot of Clint Eastwoods movies and this is one of the few that I can say does not live up to his potential . This movie is more or less a female version of the much better movie `` Rocky '' Rocky had a real underdog story behind it.The characters in this movie could have A LOT more depth . The story ends with quite a few things left unexplained . In Rocky , you actually wanted him to win and you found yourself pulling for him all the way . This story really never truly gives you that feeling . I have talked to co-workers who have seen this movie and they feel the same way . If you want a good , root for the underdog movie , stick with Rocky . He knocks this movie out !
 We had high hopes going into this movie , as Clint Eastwood has proven himself to be a great director . BUT ... This movie is the downer of the year . We were left with the feeling that if we had buried ourselves in rocks and mud , we would have felt better than having watched this extemely depressing flick .
 Of course I understand why some people felt it necessary to give this movie 5 starts . After all it does have some big name stars who are accomplished actors , a big name director and it is as melodramatic as they come . But as much as I wanted to like this movie I could see nothing redeeming in it whatsover . First , it is unrealistic in that i -RRB- Maggie becomes a champion so fast , ii -RRB- the boxer who injures her goes totally unpunished -LRB- and is still boxing after years of that kind of behavior -RRB- and iii -RRB- the rate of knock-outs in the early scenes is ludicrously high . Second , it is extraordinarily depressing and frankly who needs that ? If I want to get depressed I can take myself down to the local retirement home and volunteer for a day . Or better yet , just turn on the news and listen to the news from Iraq . Or attend a funeral . Or watch a relative die . I DO NOT need Clint Eastwood educating me on the meaning of suffering and tragedy . Lastly , the movie is cliched , with a tripe Shawshank redemption style narration . THe characters are left totally undeveloped . Who is Maggie ? What is in Clint 's past that is so terrible ? Why the only skin-deep connection to the church ? Overall this is ugly film making - the kind that panders to our emotions in an effort to win Academy Awards .
 ... cliche-ridden tripe . I love Clint , but this one really did n't do anything for me . I saw every plot twist coming a mile away . I like Hilary Swank , but this character was also a big cliche and not worthy of her talent . Ditto Morgan Freeman . Sorry , Clint , not a winner in my book . Better luck next time.For a GREAT film on the same topic , try `` The Sea Inside '' .
 It would have been more believable if Hillary Swank was a model who falls off the runway and cracks her skull.This movie has no story , no character development , no interesting -LRB- barely intelligible -RRB- dialogue.How this move could beat ` Sideways ' for Best Picture is beyond my comprehension . Mystic River was much better.Hey movie industry , try putting more effort into quality product and maybe box office returns will improve !
 Million Dollar Baby is slow , boring , and not worth Oscar gold . Hilary Swank is not that good of an actress , I find her unbearable to watch . Morgan Freeman always seems to play the same character but to my surprise Clint Eastwood is quite good in this film , his acting has never been better . The story and pace of the film is what leaves me disappointed . I just could n't get into this weeper , oh well .
 You know , at the price of movies , it 's cheaper to buy the DVD . So I buy the DVD , no problem . But be honest about what I 'm getting . I thought I was buying some movie about an against-all-odds underdog woman boxer , not a political statement on euthanasia . And it is so preposterous that Swank 's character -LRB- This role just reconfirms Swank is a man . -RRB- has fought & persisited & trained for all this time & then pow accident decides she will opt for dead in like 15 minutes . If I 'm supposed to believe her character up until then , I believe her character would want to prove the doctors wrong & fight to walk & even box again . Please , this sucks . Eastwood , do n't veil your statements with a boxing movie . Just retire already . The only thing right about it -LRB- & I say this about many movies -RRB- is having Morgan Freeman on the cast list .
 I did n't feel that the film connected on an emotional level , and that it was more like watching stock characters in action . Hillary Swank is very good , but her character moves from amateur boxer to championship contender while showing practically nothing in between . Clint failed to impress me with his performance -LRB- and I 'm a Clint fan -RRB- , and Morgan Freeman continues to be highly overrated . The second half drags considerably , and I felt the whole third act to be very manipulative .
 Another boxing as metaphor for life film . The supporting actors ca n't act . The story goes nowhere . The characters are n't developed -LRB- all we know about Eastwood 's character is that he must be really smart because he reads Yeats -RRB- and the villains are like cartoons . Morgan Freeman is once again typecast -- his all knowing , pedantic monologue attempst to buoy a vapid script.This film won an Oscar ?! Am I missing something here ?
 I recieved this film in a timely fashion but it was NOT the WIDESCREEN EDITION as advertised and pictured here on Amazon . I ended up with the modified fullscreen version , which defeats the purpose of watching it on my new flatscreen T.V. I 'm Not happy , and probably wont order anything from anyone other than Amazon directly from now on .
 As a die-hard clint fan , and a huge morgan freeman fan -LRB- more on that below -RRB- , who counts Unforgiven and his other mood/character dramas as among the best movies , this one just didnt work for me.I felt clint was mis-cast , as was hilary swank . Clint is too regal for this type of blue-collar , gritty role , and a smiling , cute , clean-cut swank is too attractive and smart -LRB- and smart-looking -RRB- for her role as well.The film was slow at times , and seemed more like a TBS family movie than the `` A '' film it was trying to be . I realize that few films are made today with the notion of craftsmanship as opposed to special effects , so as intelligent moviegoers we need to appreciate each one that comes along , BUT , this film tried too hard to be an emotionally gripping tear-jerker -LRB- can you say `` house of sand and fog '' ? -RRB- . It seemed to throw every cliche at the viewer , as if begging the audience to cry and mourn . The hard-working waitress who keeps her chin up no matter what , the miserable , un-appreciative family , etc. . I just didnt buy it . -LSB- As for freeman , i stopped watching the oscars because of his '89 driving ms daisy performance which didnt win an award . Havent watched them in 16 years , and after hearing in '97 that titanic won Best picture over possibly the Best Film Ever `` LA Confidential '' , i laughed . This fully re-inforced my view on the intelligence of those in the MPA . I will get off my soap-box now . -RSB-
 It is a greater disappointment to believe in the ones you love whenever they clearly strive to fail you on purpose.Eastwood and Freeman have so often revealed magic that I had come to trust them for artistic integrity . Million Dollar Baby destroyed that belief . This film is little more than a wobbly-wheeled vehicle for a man intent on portraying a disconsolate , washed-up , never-quite-made-it human being , -LRB- Heartbreak Ridge , The Unforgiven , Space Cowboys -RRB- intent on having us feel sorry for him despite the fact he never took the risk to claim his own slice of life , and it fails both as story and as art.I am disappointed by the clear failure to work the parallel between the ring and the altar . The story 's narrator openly defines the relationship between a boxer and her trainer , and we have numerous examples of that relationship at work . We are presented with Frankie 's own journey toward spiritual discipline -LRB- a journey we all share -RRB- and we anticipate the priest 's role as an opportunity to develop the parallel . But the writer -LRB- ? -RRB- producer -LRB- ? -RRB- director -LRB- ? -RRB- let it fall flat upon the screen as an empty suit and I for one was disappointed . This was not a story element overlooked , but clearly inserted into the story and then abandoned -LRB- because it might strike a small light to illuminate the gloom ? -RRB- . Then , we are given Maggie 's unyielding trust in Frankie though never where it originated nor what of anything between them nourishes it ; and through to the end , we wait for the reveal that never comes . Instead , we are asked to watch Frankie trash her gift as an ode to his own tragic life . The film offers us not so much the art of story telling as of despair.That crumbling sound you hear is another bit of Eastwood 's audience falling away .
 I have mixed feelings . Hackneyed stereotypes , yes . Legitimate reasons for them , possibly.In one world , ` compelling re-readability ' is the criterion that I use for a good book . This movie has that , since I immediately re-wound the tape and started to analyze , bits and pieces , scenes , the first set being the trailor trash statements.I realized that I could n't figure out the point of this film . It presented a bit of a puzzle why the suicide had to be there . When I went back over the film , it was clearly set up that ` fighters ' are a contradiction in terms , thus the contradiction in terms of the ending . And that the film may just have been about nothing more than father-daughter relationships , beautifully portrayed here.Lots of hackneyed stereotypes , I think , because this movie was n't trying to work merely on the level of narrative , but also with some intricately-placed themes , or metaphors , if you will . A la `` Great American Novel '' . You know , Grapes of Wrath stuff.It 's rich stuff , then . There 's plenty to work with . But I am just wondering if it is n't possible to pull off the great American novel without the hackneyed themes . And the complications , or contradictions in terms
 With all the Murder Madness and Mayhem in the News I can not help but believe we have become so De-sensitized ... that a Movie like this would be receiving Rave reviews and talk of Major Accolades !!! !!! THE EMPEROR IS NAKED ... what is wrong with everyone , this movie is so outrageously unbelievable ... I respect Clint Eastwood and I admire Morgan freemans work as a actor but this Movie is utter Rubbish !!! . . There are some places in our Souls that are reserved for the most damaging effects on our senses . . a place that we can retreat too in times of absolute unexplainable Madness . . but that is in REALITY I do not need to be taken there by a Movie ... after all ladies and gentlemen this is a ILLUSION a Story being read to us visually by the director with a cast of Characters . . if we ever reach the point in our minds eye that we can not differenciate between what real and whats a illusion then we are really on a downword slide .
 A very dark , but curiously shallow movie . -LRB- Why do we often think that movies depicting broken lives and terrible pain are deep ? -RRB- Story line
 I do n't understand why critics , Hollywood and the Academy loves these types of films . It 's in the same league as HOUSE OF SAND AND FOG and Eastwood 's utterly dark MYSTIC RIVER all of whom were nominated for several OSCARS . I must admit I liked the movies listed above -LRB- as depressing as they were -RRB- . The main difference between those films and MILLION DOLLAR BABY is that the earlier films do not depict their unpleasantness in so grotesque a manner . Being an ardent horror film fan I have to brutally state this film was more disturbing than alot of the more sinister films out right now.It is not inspiring.It is not pleasant.And for the most part , it is not much of a boxing movie.It is very difficult to talk about the contents of this film without giving anything away so out of respect for those of you who want to see this film , I will not discuss the film 's plot . But be warned , if you are expecting a heart-warming and inspirational tale of love and triumph do not even attempt a view . This film was torture and it left me questioning why so many in the Hollywood establishment look upon these types of films as entertainment and why they love to be depressed so much.Clint Eastwood needs to cheer up . Thanks to him , I was depressed for an entire week and next time I want to see morbidly BAD things happen to extremely good people , I will watch TITANIC instead . At least I was expecting that one.This was as inspiring as an episode of JERRY SPRINGER .
 I bought this DVD , sight unseen , purely on the strength of this movie 's reviews . BIG mistake . Watching this movie was first interesting , then depressing , then boring . Look , I 'm a simple person . I watch movies for entertainment . If I want to be depressed , I can simply turn to CNN . This movie was simply miserable . It created more questions than it answered -LRB- What caused Eastwood 's rift with his family ? -RRB- , it was unrealistic -LRB- are referees REALLY blind ? -RRB- and it dragged on for entirely too long . I 'm not saying that some of the performances were n't excellant , Hillary Swank in particular did very well . But the movie itself just was n't that interesting . I certainly would n't watch it again , and that 's a pretty fair indication of how interesting a movie is . Do n't buy into the hype . Watch a movie you enjoy , and do n't worry about how many awards it 's won .
 This could have been such a terrific , uplifting movie . Good actors , potentially great story . I was expecting a Rocky . Instead it 's just a cheap endorsement for mercy killing of the severely handicapped . And , no , I am not a right-wing evangelist type . I am a liberal with a conscience .
 What a pathetic movie this is . Clint Eastwood 's `` Million Dollar Baby '' starts off very well , and for the first half of the film we see a very good portrayal of the rags-to-riches grit of a girl on the wrong side of the tracks making it big as a female boxer . Then , all of a sudden , Eastwood writes in what has to be THE most improbable , impossible , off-the-wall twist which could never happen in the boxing ring , and turns this movie into a third-rate , paraplegic-boxer-seeks-euthanasia melodrama . I have to tell you , as a boxing fan , who has seen some of the greatest fights in history , such as Hagler-Hearns and also , incidentally , the fight between Ray `` Boom-Boom '' Mancini and Duk-Koo Kim , who died of a compound concussion after that fight -LRB- which originally caused boxing to go from 15 rounds to 12 in championship matches -RRB- , this Million Dollar Baby story could never happen in the ring and HAS never happened . It is so ridiculous a premise that it 's pathetic . Hillary Swank 's opponent would have been disqualified several rounds earlier for obvious dirty fighting , and I do n't know of any fighter in history who has been rendered a paraplegic from a sucker punch after falling on a stool . Good movies are supposed to be inspiring and beautiful -LRB- at least most of the time -RRB- . I advise all movie fans , especially those who are also sports and boxing fans , to skip this depressing and self-indulgent film . Not only is the story a joke , but it 's a needlessly depressing movie you do n't need to waste your time seeing , which will only leave you down for the rest of your day .
 You know when we the consumers run out and Purchase these movies on Blu-Ray and we Expect to receive `` Top Notch '' visual and audio Quality , if we were n't then we would be purchasing movies out of the DVD sections . Why do these movie production companies continue to put out Garbage video Transfers like this ? . I love The Cutting Edge it 's one of my favorite 90 's era romantic movies . But if i would have known that the quality on the Blu-Ray was the same as my DVD i would of just Saved My Money . I always say that you can tell when a blu-ray movie is n't going to be top notch quality when the packaging is a little flimsy . The blu-ray did n't even come with any kind of booklet or anything . just a plain blu-ray disc and no extra features . Picture quality is grainy and the audio is the only think that is slightly improved , might not even be noticeable . I Would only Recommend this movie on blu-Ray if you do n't already have the DVD Version and even that is n't saying much . BOTTOM LINE . . The blu-ray version is a big let down . Buyer Beware !! .
 It amazes me everyone gave this such a good review , now it is a great movie , but the DVD stinksThe quality of the DVD itself id less than VCD quality , I mean Id rather have gotten the VHS , its terrible.It looks like the director went to theatures and sat in with a sony handycam and recorded the DVD with that.As for the movie itself , the movie is great , but the ending was lacking in that they can suddenl do the hardest move ever done and yet in practice it was never even close to being completed , i mean not even close . Maybe they just didnt want the movie to be way too long , but come on , give the audiance some credit here.If this had been the review for the VHS maybe I would have been kinder , but the low low qualit of the DVD just killed the movie .
 I 'm female and did n't like this movie . I was expecting lots of ice skating stunts , but there were n't many . Most of the movie focused on the `` love '' story between the two main characters . `` Love '' is in quotation marks because it was not a believeable love story
 This movie has many scenes where the leading man is in and out if bed with numerous women . It also has a fair amount of swearing . These things ruin a movie for family viewing . I was expecting a clean , romantic story .
 The original Cutting Edge is a well cast , and entertaining movie . But the language used in places is inexcusable . I can handle , but do n't like the occasional cuss word , -LRB- which , speech being the index of the mind , is the usual way low class people express themselves -RRB- . Be that as it may , I absolutely detest hearing the name of God used loosely or in cursing . It adds nothing to a movie , but subtracts from it . Such blasphemy is comfortable only to people who are perishing , and devils.Joe Brenner
 This is one of those films you find yourself laughing at -- not because it 's got good humor in it , but because of all the things it does wrong . The script is corny , the acting poor , and the story line trite and uninvolving.They do n't even show any extended figure skating scenes , which would have at least added a nice note as that is always fun to watch.The dialogue between the two leads is supposed to be snappy , but with the wooden way they deliver it , it 's just dopey -LRB- I 'm surprised these two actors ever worked again after this film came out ... -RRB- The two skaters bicker non-stop through the whole movie and then are supposed to fall in love at the end , though I did n't buy it for a minute . They are both unlikeable , as characters and as actors , so I did n't care what happened to them in the end ... unless they would have fallen through the ice , which would have ended this dull ice skating movie on the proper note .
 ... That 's really not surprising . I used to go pass by a Suncoast Video every morning on my way to work . Every day either `` The Cutting Edge '' or `` Spice World '' was playing on the four TV sets in the window . Now `` Spice World '' is stupid , but its also funny -LRB- though often without meaning to be -RRB- and reasonably self-aware - but I digress . Why anyone would have seen `` The Cutting Edge '' intentionally even once , I do n't know . I can only hope it usually involves babysitting large groups of eleven-year-old girls , because there would be no other viable excuse . Due to my Suncoast experiences I have seen just enough of this movie to know that it contains some of Hollywood 's worst dialogue - and that 's only its first crime . Really , I do n't know why I took the time to write this . ... And it IS bad enough to be enjoyable in large groups if you 're looking for something to make fun of , though there are about a billion other -LRB- and better -RRB- video candidates for that kind of thing . But I just wanted to caution anyone who might have been misinformed that they might enjoy this movie . Avoid !
 Unlikeable one-dimensional characters -LRB- rich female snob/down and out blue-collar guy -RRB- , poor directing -LRB- no real skating sequences -RRB- , wooden acting , unbelieveable story and cliche after cliche after cliche . Space wo n't permit all the examples . Decent so-called `` chick flick '' but overall dull , emotionless , uninspiring , and unoriginal .
 Having done figure skating for many years of my life , I was looking forward to seeing a movie about the sport , but this one definitely failed to deliver . When it origianlly premiered in the movie theaters back in 1992 , I was 12 and thought it was the best thing since sliced bread , so about 10 years later I decided to buy it on DVD . That was definitely a mistake ! This movie lacks a lot of the sophistication that an adult viewer may appreciate . After seeing it again as an adult I realize how unrealistic , over dramatic and predictable this film is . I mean to start with , how and why did an Olympic level pairs skater become partners with an injured hockey player to begin with ? In real life that would obviously never happen . The movie has a few funny moments , however it 's very cheezy . Truly a disappointment . If you insist on seeing this movie , I would highly recommend renting it first .
 I REALLY wanted to like this movie but did n't . It was terrible.I do not see how hte characters could fall in love . She was a total heartless * itch the whole movie . He was n't that good himself.I lvoe figure skating , but the movie is not good at all . They focus on the `` love '' story for most of the movie - what love story ? The ending was not any good either.This is the worst movie I have seen in a while . If I could I would give it no stars , but htat is not possible . I am so glad my college was playing on our movie channel . I would definitly want my money back if I had rented it.and yes - I am a girl who loves chick flicks , but this movie is terrible!STAY AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE ! FOR YOUR OWN GOOD !
 I 'm surprised that the many who have reviewed this movie have n't pointed out that , while it is supposed to show Olympic-level skating , it does not.First off , the head-banger , where D.B is swinging Moira by her ankles , is illegal in Olympic competition . There are only a few professional pair skaters who even attempt this move . In addition , anyone who has ever studied physics will tell you that flinging Moira into the air will NOT result in her completing several in-air rotations in a position that will enable her to land on her feet in a proper landing position . She 'll only slam into the boards , if she does n't sail right over them.Also , why was the competition conducted under spot lights ? I 'd love to know when the last Olympics was that was conducted in spot lights in an indoor rink . The only time you 'll see spots at an Olympic-style event is during the exhibitions , not the actual competition.The other big flaw is the implication that a hockey player can be transformed into a pair skater in only 4 years . It takes far longer than that to learn the proper skating , jump , lifting and throw-jump techniques needed in pair skating .
 The alchohol scene had no place at all in a PG movie . Some underaged friends of mine intentionally mimicked the lemon-drop shooters scene , to a degree that almost lead to the death of one of them . The movie is boring , predictable , and irritating . Both Moira 's character and her trainer have got to go.The Redwings had the right idea but rejecting the character , played by DB Sweeney in the movie . We all should have rejected the entire movie .
 This is a review for the DVD , not the film . The supposedly enhanced `` Gold Medal Edition '' is a downgrade as the transfer is non-anamorphic and therefore not enhanced for widescreen TV 's . There 's no excuse for this and MGM should correct this gross problem and offer refunds .
 I am having a problem with this movie . When it is playing the sound and the actors voices do n't match . How would I go about sending it back and replacing it
 This movie was one of my all time favorites . I wanted the updated version with the bonus interview with D.B. Sweeney and Moira Kelly . That was the only thing good about the newer version . The quality is worse than my VHS movie . It was extremely dark and the widescreen did n't cut it for me as this is a movie with a lot of movement in it and I 'd like to see more screen for that . Not a fan of widescreen to begin with but they need to redo the quality of this beautifully acted and scripted story .
 The movie is fantastic . It is a wonderful romantic comedy with hockey and skating . The soundtrack during the skating sequences is pretty bad , but all in all this is a very good movie . The problem is with the DVD . Aspect Ratio
 Can not believe that this is billed as blu-ray ... it is so horrible and even my regular DVD is better quality than this ... do not buy ...
 Do not buy this Blu-ray . The quality is horrible and totally unacceptable - full of snow . The non-Blu-ray version is a 1,000 % better quality .
 This movie is an all-time classic because it retains its ability to entertain and to move its audience over the years . It 's been 30 years but this film ages very well as its theme of power corrupting and the triumph of the human will over tyranny , injustice and downright evil intentions is still relevant today . Add that to brilliant acting by Nicholson in his best ever performance in a role that seems to have been written just for him as well as by Fletcher who is so good in her role as Nurse Ratched -LRB- `` Wretched '' -RRB- that she ranks among the top 10 of all time villainesses or bitches you 'd love to stick a knife into . This movie serves as a great metaphor for the triumph of the underdog over absolute power given to those who abuse it . It was literally shocking for me to see -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- just how medieval and cruel `` treatment '' of the insane was -LRB- and hopefully not still is -RRB- in the 60s . Released at about the time of the end of the Vietnam war this film would have struck a chord with audiences of the time experiencing something similar in trying to overcome injustices of the powers that be as symbolised by Nixon in how absolute power almost inevitably leads to corruption and the suffering of the true innocents . This powerful movie will always be among my all-time favourites.Unfortunately , this dvd version is very poor as the picture quality has many imperfections such as white spots having not been restored and barely rises above VHS quality . The sound quality is also poor having not been remastered . My advice is to give this version a miss and to wait for a well restored and remastered version with at least Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound options as well as good Special Features to surface either in the standard or in the new Blu-ray formats . Surely a classic like this deserves a lot better than this poor quality dvd version.Updated 27 June 2011
 I saw this film years ago so my memory of the details are no doubt fuzzy but the impression the film made on me is indelible.When we came out of the convention center , there was a theater showing One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest for $ 1.00 before five PM . It was then 4:45 PM so I said , `` I 'm in the motion picture business and this film won five Academy Awards . Let 's go in and see it . '' What I remember : Jack Nicholson is committed to a modern mental institution . He declares that he has been committed only for the `` F '' word and for fighting . Soon after his admittance the men on the ward are punished for smoking cigarettes and not allowed to watch the World Series on TV . Nicholson of course opposes such severe punishment - because the World Series means so much to the men.Nicholson then decides what the men really need for their mental illness -LRB- in addition to cigarettes -RRB- is liquor , so he acquires cases of booze for the patients to have a wonderful time.Nicholson has so many clever witty lines that he becomes lovable to those who admire defiant antisocial behavior . One reviewer described it well when he said it was a `` gut and soul-wrenching movie , with many moments of high maniacal comedy interspersed . `` There is very shy young man on the ward with a severe stuttering problem . Who else has the answer but Nicholson ? He knows , without it being said , that the boy 's stuttering must be coming from sexual repression ; so Nicholson arranges -LRB- I do n't remember how -RRB- for a prostitute to be brought onto the ward and they lock the women in the room all night with the boy who stutters . In the morning after spending the night with the prostitute , the boy 's stuttering completely stops ! He is now self assured , confident and speaks clearly.When the head nurse learns about what had happened , she asks the boy , `` What would your mother think if she knew about what you have done ? '' Immediately the boys stuttering returns and he becomes again the shy , pathetic , trembling person he was before . At that point in the film , many young men in the audience of the theater where I watched the film stood and screamed , `` KILL THE BITCH , KILL HER , KILL HER , KILL HER ! '' Those words and the screaming , I will never forget ! Makes me wonder what those boys will think of their own mothers who want them to be moral , and decent.The film ends when a great big Indian smothers Nicholson -LRB- Crucifies the savior of the patients in the hospital and the savior of mental illness -RRB- with a pillow . The giant Indian then rips out a water cooler and with super human strength heaves the cooler through the bars and window of the hospital which he runs through to get away . I guess this was supposed to symbolize that patients in mental institutions need to break free from Cuckoo hospitals and from a repressive society that has made them mentally ill.Jack Nicholson who was committed to the hospital for the `` F '' word and for fighting was the hero who `` flew over '' in the film because he was the only one who really understood the causes of mental illness . That 's brilliant , is n't it ? One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest that won 5 Academy Awards is about as Cuckoo as a film could get.What did the film really teach ? That mental illness is caused by a society that represses indulgence ; and that mental health is achieved by satisfying all of our appetites , no matter how base or how carnal ; and if anyone tries to dissuade us , be it a nurse , a teacher or a mother , they deserve to be killed!Academy awards and 284 people giving this film a 5 star rating tells us how sick our society is . Read the comments for a confirmation of this.See all of my Reviews . I write only about books , events , or motion pictures that have changed the course of history or unforgettable books or motion pictures that will totally change peoples lives.Darrell Stoddard , Founder - Pain Research Institute
 Like so many Hollywood movies -- especially anything made after the late 60s , when America 's teen-agers and collegiate students started taking their typically youthful antiestablishmentarianism with them into the future -- this is another passionate rage against the allegedly oppressive machine . See The Shawshank Redemption , see Dead Poet 's Society , see With Honors -- filmdom 's lock-step march against authority is a mainstay of the past three or four decades . Naturally , this movie is revered as something of a paragon if not a modern pioneer of the trend . In regular Hollywood fashion , Nurse Ratched -LRB- the chief antagonist -RRB- and the cuckoos ' restrictive environment are portrayed with just enough ambiguity to deflect charges that the movie is a paranoid feast for leftist sensibilities -- which it is , of course . Unlike most fare of this sort , it is at least very competently crafted -LRB- the director and the actors sympathize with the source material enough to give it their all -RRB- , which no doubt explains how it won one or two more of those little golden trophies than it would have gotten otherwise . -- M. Cooper
 I recently saw the movie instantly on Netflix and Just as I suspected another `` Movie with a Message '' that does not get my attention , A Boring Piece of Pseudo-intellectual Babble.Yes , It 's nice to See DeVito and Even Bridges , as well as the Native-American -LRB- Poltergeist -RRB- and Despite my personal distaste for Jack -LRB- Except The Shining , and as a Wolf , and as the Joker , anger Management . -RRB- I Would not waste my time seeing this or even bothering to read what it is based off.It 's not the Mental Illness or the setting that disturbs or the Ending which I find typical of Hollywood , It 's overtones of do whatever you like and rebelling are not only comical but obviously can not be applied to real life -LRB- yes it is a movie and ? -RRB- . This is like Watching Dog Day Afternoon -LRB- Except that Movie was entertaining to a point . -RRB- This is Depressing -LRB- And Less Than Zero is depressing but enjoyable . -RRB- And Frankly pointless cinema , Art is in the eye of the beholder and taste or in this case Distaste is really up to the person , If your some sort of Bohemian I would recommend it .
 I do n't understand why so many people love this movie . The acting waspretty mediocre , except for Jack Nichelson but I simply did not likehis character . Nurse Ratched was also dissapointing . People writehow evil she is , but I feel that she was just a strait laced women trying to keep the mental ward patients behaved . I do n't understand where `` evil '' came from ... Any person would want to spread the gossip , especilaly when there was such a chaotic situation at hand . I just do not understand why this movie is so big . It is slow paced , not funny , does not really contain great drama , and the directing and pictire quality was horrible . How a film so terribly editing and filmed could win best directing is beyong my imagination . Personally , I liked the recent Girl Interrupted allot better . There was allot more emotion , Lisa -LRB- Angeline Jolie -RRB- was more evil than Ratched -LRB- also three dimensional -RRB- , the suicide was more suspenful , and there was allot more emotion . Winona Ryder is sympathetic , Jack is not really . This is just a sloppy tyrant movie , that does not portray mental institutions correctly -LRB- I know. , I was in one 6 years ago -RRB- . Watch Girl Interrupted for a much more honest , realistic portrayal . And why did n't anyone mention how annoying most of the characters are ?
 This is the worst of the Danny DeVito comedies released in the mid-80s , and is far , far inferior to funnier flicks like `` Down and Out in Beverly Hills , '' `` Ruthless People , '' and `` Other People 's Money . '' Compared to them , this one is a comic stinker.The premise is a good one -- a couple of wackos played by Danny DeVito , Jack Nicholson , Christopher Lloyd , and an Indian perform hijinks in an asylum and they plot to break out . The laughs , however , are few and far between and at times the only things that are funny are Jack Nicholson 's hat and the fact that Michael Douglas directed this.My biggest problem is that Jack Nicholson , who is great as The Joker -LRB- Batman -RRB- , the Devil -LRB- The Witches of Eastwick -RRB- and a Wolf -LRB- Wolf -RRB- is n't very gifted at comedy . Imagine how much crazier it would have been if the crazy people were led by somebody like Tim Allen or Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan!There is some funny business with a water fountain and a pillow at the end of the movie , but too little too late , if you ask me . Only rent this movie if you hate laughter .
 One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , 1975 filmThe title warns you about this crazy movie . Miss Ratchet arrives at this hospital . `` Medication time . '' Music plays , the patients line up . A car brings in a new inmate . He acts like a mental case . Dr. Spivey talks to him . Randall Patrick McMurphy is the new patient . Why was he sent there ? `` I really do n't know . '' Five assaults , statutory rape . Was he faking his condition ? We see the patients trying to function in a discussion group . -LSB- Does it drag here ? -RSB- You can see their problems . -LSB- What is the point of all this ? -RSB- Basketball ? The patients are medicated . Who wants to watch the `` World Series '' ? Another therapy session , another vote . `` The meeting is adjourned . '' McMurphy reports on the game . More trouble ? McMurphy talks to the Doctors . -LSB- Is this a good sign ? -RSB- Can McMurphy make an escape in daylight ? Yes , and he brings Candy to the boys . Next they take a boat ride . What will they catch fishing ? Their trip comes to an end . Voluntary or committed ? McMurphy 's activities go on . He is given `` electroshock therapy '' . -LSB- Did it ever do any good ? -RSB- McMurphy continues to break the rules in defiance . -LSB- How did he survive on the outside ? -RSB- The next morning Nurse Ratchet inspects the disorder . Where is Billy ? Will Mac attack a nurse ? -LSB- His behavior continues to deteriorate , like some developing brain disease . -RSB- Can he be cured ? When McMurphy returns he is a changed man . Can anything be done ? -LSB- Maybe you have to read the book to figure out the ending . -RSB- This must have been one of the worst films of the year . I never saw this in the theater . Some said it was a great film , but I could judge it by its ads on television . -LSB- They only show the best parts in advertising . -RSB- You can compare it to `` The Snake Pit '' .
 I was most disappointed because I wanted a DVD and it was featured as a DVD and when it came , it was a VHS tape . Do n't think I would trust this person again for anything .
 This is one of my favourite films starring Jack Nicholson . One generalised thing that gets me is that a lot of the people I know have n't seen it . Believe me , it 's a classic.Jack plays McMurphy , a new edition to a mental institute . This is due to a rape and five charges of assault . About ten minutes into the film , when McMurphy 's talking to the doctor about why he 's there , McMurphy says ' I think we ought to get to the bottom of RP McMurphy ' . This certainly happens by the end of the film.OFOACN -LRB- it 's as difficult to abbreviate the title as it is to write it out -RRB- is plainly shot but smooth . The colouring is bleak and drab . It 's like when you come out of a cinema , where you 've just seen a special effects film , and you see the colour of real life.It 's a film about breaking the rules -LRB- like Brando 's The Wild One -RRB- but it 's also hilarious . It 's difficult to concentrate on the meaning because the film is so enjoyable to watch . In my opinion , OFOACN is questioning sanity . How can you class people as insane when it 's so difficult to describe sanity ? Hell , just look around you.Over the years , you can watch it again and again . Frankly if you 're interested in film and do n't see this you must be insane .
 Unfortunately for me , and probably for this review , I read the book One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest before watching the film.On one hand , most of the secondary actors are well-chosen . As another reviewer points out , Brad Dourif makes an excellent Billy Bibbit , as Sydney Lassick makes a good Cheswick and Will Sampson makes a perfect Chief Bromden.But , on the other hand , almost every reviewer has argued that Forman made a good choice in choosing Nicholson and Fletcher . If I approached this film knowing nothing about the insane asylum , I might agree
 An underdeveloped story in almost every aspect , it establishes early on Jack Nicholson 's character is going to shake up the humdrum lives of the mental inmates and staff , does a competent job of fleshing out this idea in a way that probably seemed more original back in 1975 -LRB- this may be sacrilege but I 'd recommend watching 1990 's Crazy People for a more engaging version of the same thing -RRB- , and seems to not know where to go from there . The supporting characters barely have identities at all . The attempts to evoke sympathy for the inmates and contempt for the staff only appear in the second half of the film and seem to contradict the amicable relationship depicted previously . Then Jack gets into a fight -LRB- i ca n't even remember why -RRB- , gets electroshocked -LRB- we are n't even shown the nurse giving the order , which would have gone a long way towards validating her supposed villain status -RRB- , and nothing that happens from then on has anything to do with anything that happened previously . The film closes with the contextless unforeshadowed dramatic inserts of a tragic suicide and a noble euthanizing which made me think SOMEbody 's been reading Of Mice And Men , and then a symbolic escape which is the most meaningless thing in the entire film .
 Shame on Passport Video . My VHS Tapes look better than this DVD . The transfer looks to be off someones 6 hour tape . What a waste . I 'll think twice before I purchase another Passport Video .
 all i can say about this purchase is `` BUYER BEWARE '' . could barely make out this movie the transfer was so BAD !!! if anyone has acquired a decent transfer please contact me with details.saw this as a kid at the drive-in and had fond memories of it . could only tolerate a few minutes of the dark choppy mess with even crappier audio . yuck
 I could only stomach 44 minutes of this movie before I had to turn it off . There was nothing about this movie that was good save for Rock Hudson , which is actually quite sad if you think about how he use to make star quality movies . I guess the 70s were the time for the B movie genre . The video quality is so very poor and the plot so very badly written and executed . It requires me to rate it with at least a one although I do n't think it worthy even of that .
 Not a bad movie for its time and type but this is the WORST transfer of all time . It looks as if someone taped it off broadcast television . The first images , at night , are so dark and muddy it 's not even clear what 's on the screen . I had really looked forward to having this in my collection but after watching it I threw it in the garbage . Utterly worthless .
 Best actor
 Utilizing an experimental hormone that he developed with his late wife , a scientist -LRB- Rock Hudson -RRB- rescues one of a few unborn puppies from the womb of a Doberman Pinscher -LRB- inadvertently struck by his auto -RRB- by accelerating its growth beyond known precedence . Proving exceptionally intelligent and able -LRB- though defensive by way of surreptitious murder -RRB- , the canine 's successful maturity inspires its savior to extrapolate his procedure to similarly stimulate the development of a human fetus . In a span of thirty-six hours , he grows the premature offspring of a suicidal unknown into gorgeous thirtysomething Barbara Carrera , whose genius intellect and naive charm endear her to both her creator and all save one of his inner circle ... but she is not without guile.Roy Arbogast 's special effects wizardry was best realized in numerous mainstream genre classics -LRB- Jaws , The Thing , Starman , The Fugitive -RRB- ; here , his applied effects are hit-and-miss - some result in excellent eye candy , others are risibly shoddy . However , Embryo 's limited production standards and occasional schmalz are compensated by an excellent cast
 I 've been stupid enough to purchase this dvd from two different companies . The first version I purchased was produced by Passport Video . The movie had the worst picture quality I have ever seen on a dvd , including blurry images , video drop outs , and poor sound . The dvd looked as though it was a transfer from a fourth generation vhs copy . Then I saw that Diamond Entertainment was selling a version which they advertised as `` Fully restored and enhanced digital master '' . Total nonsense . The video is just as bad as the dvd produced by Passport Video . I 'm just going to wait and hope that this great little film shows up on television in high definition , and record it onto dvd for my personal viewing pleasure .
 Most the video was dark and it was really hard trying to see the picture . The audio was good but overall , I would rate the quality of the picture as bad .
 One of the worst video transfers of any of the movies that I own and , I have many movies . Its so dark and poor quality that I ca n't honestly recomend it to anyone . The only reason that it gets any stars at all is that I could hear it like radio and I like Rock Hudson as well as Barbara Carrera .
 This TV special could have been great - but was not . In my opinion , it could have been better.I 'd love to see Steven Spielberg do a live action Hagar movie with Danny Devito and Bette Midler . Ah well . Maybe someday ! Best wishes , Chris Browne
 I had the pleasure of reading reviews of this title before buying the product . Unfortunately the reviews I read did not clarify my mind about the product and I ordered it anyway , I was under the wrong impression that this dvd will create interest in various topics of physics among my students . However , to my utter dismay , the video is for those students who want to learn the subject without a teacher and to me it looks like a dry presentation of a very interesting subject . I would be useful only for those who wish to study the subject of physics at home without the help or guidance of a teacher.-drheracoaching
 This is definitely a rip off not from the seller but from the people that made it . Its like 5 poorly put together videos with terrible resolution repeated over and over again for the whole dvd and they do n't even show the whole video for none of them . Do n't get get this .
 I too am terribly disappointed with this video . The animation looks amateurish , the video looks dated and the toys featured look cheap and tacky . Unlike the toys featured in the Baby Einstein series , I 'd probably never buy any of these.And this video is supposed to be developmentally sound , but it must be based on outdated developmental theories . My children are not at all captivated by the video , and although they are in the age range for this and the other products , they are so far beyond the level of these videos that they have no interest in watching them . They literally left the room last time I tried to play it for them.This product is so far inferior to anything in the Baby Einstein line that they should not even be listed in the same category . I do not recommend them . In fact , I am returning the video I bought .
 I have three wonderful children and consider myself a successful Mother . But having shown these videos to my children now calls that into question.I often buy new developmental products for my kids and of course , they are not all a success , but none has been a disaster such as this . In a word these videos are - pathetic . My children hated them and I literally sat there in awe as they watched what is described as progressively developmental but in reality was created by people who have no concept of what the term developmental means . It is apparent that the creators of these products have not had much interaction with children.As an educated woman I find this video series patronizing and I find the parenting guide a joke . Since when is Joyce Brothers an expert on raising children ? She is obviously simply for hire . This guide is worthless and again , patronizing.I do not reccomend these videos to anyone .
 I have many of the Brainy Baby and Baby Einstein DVD 's and was encouraged to buy this one by the glowing reviews it had received . I was very disappointed . Unlike the others , there is NO narration at all . My biggest complaint
 My five month-old daughter loves the Baby Einstein videos , but I wanted to add some variety to our viewing . I saw an advertisement for these videos in a baby magazine and thought they might be worth a try . I was EXTREMELY disappointed . The fact that the music is an actual orchestra instead of the synthesized/rearranged music of the Baby Einstein videos was nice , but the video was BORING . My daughter who sits in total rapture at a Baby Einstein video cried after the first 5 mintues . I think it would have been nicer to see many more animals -LRB- which babies love -RRB- rather than tons of shots of a tractor and farm equipment . Yes , it 's great that the equipment is seen , but really - the kids like the animals ! I would not recommend this video . It 's not worth the money .
 I have three wonderful children and consider myself a successful Mother . But having shown these videos to my children now calls that into question.I often buy new developmental products for my kids and of course , they are not all a success , but none has been a disaster such as this . In a word these videos are - pathetic . My children hated them and I literally sat there in awe as they watched what is described as progressively developmental but in reality was created by people who have no concept of what the term developmental means . It is apparent that the creators of these products have not had much interaction with children.As an educated woman I find this video series patronizing and I find the parenting guide a joke . Since when is Joyce Brothers an expert on raising children ? She is obviously simply for hire . This guide is worthless and again , patronizing.I do not reccomend these videos to anyone and i wish Amazon had a more discerning selection process .
 Pass on this one . I want the narration and I love the happy ending . It is a classic , with the narration , and a bore without . Someone force Warners into releasing the original version.This is one case where the Studio was right .
 In short I loved this film and when I first saw it back in 1982 and it took several times to really get the fullness of the movie ... but now they have cut the heart out of the feelings of the film by removing Harrison Ford 's narrative __ the thing that I loved most about the movie . I was VERY disappointed when I saw the DVD the first time and have n't watched it since ... DO N't get it wait for the real version to released in 2001 .
 I have seen the original movie , so `` cut-and-paste '' here the praises from others.It is just that I do not see why I should pay to get a partial work.Come on guys , our family members each spent an average of eight hours to view the bonus features of the Matrix , almost like watching four splendid movies . Go to a friend who has the Matrix DVD and request to `` follow the white rabbit '' , you 'll see what I mean.This is how DVDs must be
 Please do n't let my rating fool you . This is an awesome specticle of a movie - and probably my most favorite of all time . The potential of this boxed set is missed by a fair margin though . It does include a lot of hard copy material -LRB- folded poster , lobby cards , film cell -RRB- , but it misses out by simply dropping in the Director 's Cut version of the movie and not including the original theatrical release , or the the color storyboard info from Syd Mead 's production design -LRB- found in the Criterion LD -RRB- . These additions would make it more the difinitive release for true movie buffs . There 's also several minutes of reconstructed footage -LRB- Holden 's hospital scenes -RRB- that could be included - or even still shots that I know are out there , screen tests for the actors and SFX test shots . This should have been better put together . It does inlcude the screenplay - although its missing some pages that were apparantly missing from the original copy -LRB- there really is n't a complete copy , but it could 've been reconstructed better than this -RRB- . Some of the missing material still exists in the `` Illustrated Blade Runner , ' 82 '' sketchbook . Whoever put this package together should have done their homework or called Ridley Scott , or Paul Sammon -LRB- Future Noir -RRB- . I hope Criterion will put out their version on DVD someday .
 It seems that the long-awaited -LRB- and much vaunted -RRB- Special Edition of `` Blade Runner '' on DVD might be a much , much longer wait.Of course , this means that the awful-looking , flimsy-featured DVD that showcases the '92 cut of this film will be the only one available for purchase here , there or anywhere . -LRB- 1 star for the Warner Home Video product , but 5 stars for a truly great and inspired film -RRB- . According to an article in the New York Times , since neither Riddley Scott nor Warner Bros. owns the rights -LRB- for going over budget on the shoot , the rights per contract reverted to producers Bud Yorkin and Jerry Perenchio . The article points out that Mr. Perenchio , C.E.O. of Univision , is , for some odd uknown reason , holding up the release of any new DVD version of the film -LRB- this guy gave a `` no comment '' response as for the reasons behind this -RRB- . This article was printed 12/14/03 , so I fear that the information is neither old nor part of the rumor-mill -LRB- especially since the article was not written by Jayson Blair , hey ! I believe it -RRB- . So , it seems fans are stuck with the shoddy DVD edition of the Director 's Cut -LRB- which Scott says he was prepping to redo again for the special edition release , since he though he rushed through it the first time -RRB- . Sad news for a great film and a real fan format .
 Just got my set on Jan 8 , 2010 and I too got 2 copies of the Workprint ! C'mon Amazon , over a YEAR now and you still sell these bad sets ? This is BAD Quality Control . My guess though is that Warner Brothers made a HUGE error in MFG and wo n't recall these bad sets but found it much easier to inconvenience the customer instead . These Hollywood companies then wonder why more and more people have no sympathy for them when they cry about piracy . Still , a 1 star for the product . Amazon should refuse to stock this until Warner sends a non-faulty set , PERIOD !
 I have to agree with other reviews regarding the Director 's Cut . I have both versions in VHS , and find the original version far superior . I expected that , like VHS , both versions would be available on DVD , but that has n't happened yet . How do we let the studio know that what we really want is the original version on DVD ? I love this movie , but do n't really want to buy the Director 's cut on DVD , since I consider it inferior . Thanks ...
 A hack DVD conversion of a classic movie . & iexcl ; Plan 9 From Outer Space & iexcl ; had a better conversion than this . There & iexcl ; s nothing good to say about & iexcl ; B.R. . The Director & iexcl ; s Cut . & iexcl ; There aren & iexcl ; t any extras on a DVD that should be filled with them , considering the richness of the movie and its cult following . Even the scene selections are inept . Perhaps my DVD is different , but the scene selections go in the order of 3 , 7 , 12 , etc. . Not only was this DVD put together by hacks , the hacks can & iexcl ; t count . There & iexcl ; s not even a still image from the movie on the DVD & iexcl ; s main menu . Just a generic Warner Bros logo . The picture and sound aren & iexcl ; t up to DVD standards either . The picture isn & iexcl ; t sharp and the sound Cwith the exception of the music and some special effects sounds - is often flat and has a & iexcl ; 1970 & iexcl ; s & iexcl ; toneless quality to it . It & iexcl ; s almost as if it was transferred to DVD from videotape instead of the original negative.The & iexcl ; Director & iexcl ; s Cut & iexcl ; is a confusing mess too . As far as I can tell , the only differences are the omission of Harrison & iexcl ; s voice over , the & iexcl ; flying to safety & iexcl ; footage during the end credits and a baffling inter-cut scene of a unicorn running through a forest from the movie & iexcl ; Legend & iexcl ; while Harrison is idly playing a piano . Will someone tell me what a unicorn from a bad Tom Cruise movie has to do with airing out replicants in L.A. 2019 ? I miss the voiceover too . As I understand , it was originally put in because while testing the film , the audience couldn & iexcl ; t follow the plot . With it missing , the scenes where it used to be are awkward because the characters are waiting for the nonexistent voiceover to end . And speaking of voiceovers , a Director & iexcl ; s Commentary would & iexcl ; ve been fascinating ; but apparently WB shoved this DVD out before one could be made or Ridley Scott had better things to do.On the plus side , Vangelis & iexcl ; rich score shines and is perfect for this leisurely paced movie . I have it on CD and strongly recommend it . The special effects are still strong and awe inspiring after all these years . They show their age only in the fact that there isn & iexcl ; t any computer animation.This DVD stinks . & iexcl ; Blade Runner & iexcl ; has survived the years due to the devoted fans that have stood by it since it was originally buried at the box office by & iexcl ; E.T. & iexcl ; This DVD is a slap in the face . WB and Ridley Scott should be ashamed of themselves . I hope both will wise up and come out with a & iexcl ; Special Edition Blade Runner . & iexcl ; This version isn & iexcl ; t even worth renting , much less owning .
 I resubmit this review as a service to DVD fans ... Wo n't waste your time with movie analysis , just the DVD complaints :1 . No extras , like commentary , outtakes , etc. 2 . No 5.1 sound3 . No DTS4 . Does n't include both versions
 I have to agree with the other critical comments here on this director 's cut . The audio and video quality are no more than so-so , and although that is somewhat explainable because it was one of the first DVD transfers done , I would n't plunk your hard earned cash down for it yet . I 'd wait until a better transfer is available.If you do , you 'll still be rewarded with a great movie . Dick 's vision L.A. is dark , dismal , and fraught with the perils of imperfect science in the shape of the homicidal androids . This future is interesting in that it invites comparison with H.G. Wells 's great classic , The War of the Worlds . Few novels in the history of science fiction portray such a dire , dismal , hopeless , and pretty much depressing fate for mankind throughout the entire novel as Wells 's book does . In many ways , the sci-fi genre was a literature of optimism as it was believed that science could solve all social problems and the future for humans and for society was bright . Wells 's novel is almost unique in pointing out the risks of science and that the universe might be a bigger , more dangerous place than we had thought . Written at the end of the Gay Nineties , Wells 's novel sounds an uncharacteristically cautious and sober note about mankind 's possible future.In Bladerunner , Dick envisions a similarly dark , dismal , depressing , and in many ways , hopeless future . L.A. is even perpetually rainy , which adds to the film noir like atmosphere . We do n't know if this is due to a climate shift or not in the movie , but maybe it 's explained in the book . And like in War of the Worlds , science itself is shown to be a two-edged sword at it sometimes creates more problems than it solves in the imperfect androids , who serve well for a time , but then toward the end of their brief lives run amuck . Furthermore , science is unable to solve the problem and bounty hunters must be dispatched to terminate the androids when they do.Besides the androids , even the other humans are often shown as unprepossessing . The great scientist Tyrell is the ultimate nerd with literally coke-bottle lens glasses . And the dowdy technician , Sebastian , who takes the androids in , has some sort of skin disease that ages his face prematurely . He admires the andoids physical perfection since it contrasts with his own imperfection . And the psychologist who gets killed at the beginning of the movie when he gives the android the test seems smarmy and somewhat arrogant.One of the few positive characters , besides Harrison himself , is Sean Young , the beautiful , young android who does n't even know she is an android . Her design is supposed to fix the problem , perhaps because she 's ignorant of her own origins.Anyway , Dick 's vision of the future reminded me of the great Wells classic from 1897 in its similarly dark , dismal , and depressing picture of the future.One final comment , if I remember right , Dick was married and divorced several times , and to the dismay of his former wives , there is often a shrewish woman in his stories that is no doubt intended to resemble his former spouse . I did n't see anyone like that in this movie , except perhaps for the Darryl Hannah android character perhaps , who is n't quite the same , but anyway , Dick was an interesting writer whose dyspeptic and dystopian visions of the future and on the dangers of science stood in contrast to much of the sci-fi genre .
 I saw someone asking for a copy of the original version . I do have two VHS Pre-Recorded copy of the original film but they are not in 2.35:1 Ratio.Please do not misunderstand me here , I have no attention in selling them . I wanted to point out that I waited two years for the original version of Blade Runner to be release on DVD . After seeing Animal House being remove from the shelves I finaly bought this cut up version of Blade Runner on DVD . I watch both , VHS and the DVD together , so I can still enjoy the edit parts and see the rest in 2.35:1 Ratio.If anyone can tell me how to get that Director Ridley Scott to release both versions on DVD please tell me .
 I do n't know what the heck amazon is talking about but my Blade Runner DVD -LRB- ordered from amazon -RRB- looks horrible . I ca n't believe they gave it a 5 for video quality . One is more like it ! Do n't buy this DVD . Such a good movie , such a bad DVD .
 Blade Runner one of the greatist sci-fi movies ever made has been disgraced ! do n't get me wrong , I love the official version . It kicked major ... you know what . But the director 's cut needs to get its you know what kicked by the official version . Here are the reasons you should see the offical version instead of the director 's cut -LRB- spoilers ahead -RRB- :1 . They made Deckerd a replicant in this version . Now you do n't have anyone to cheer for . 2 . They cut the happy ending . I mean come on ... Ridley Scott thought that was a good thing ? 3 . The voice-overs gave the film a great Maltese Falcon feel . Are thay in the directors cut ? NO ! So there you have it . Go see the version that 's good . And , yes , I am a 12 year old that has seen Blade Runner .
 I just do n't see what all the hype is about . Granted the scenery looks cool , but you only get a few seconds glimpse at it . The story is under developed . This really had potential but ends up flopping . This could have been a wonderful sci fi epic . Instead it bored me to death . ... Harrison Ford is still the man though . But a -LSB- bad -RSB- ending , the lousiest end to a villan ever . Do n't listen to reviews , this movie is terrible . Nothing in life is worse than wasted talent .
 I only saw Blade Runner because it 's my dad 's favorite movie , and I got it for him for Father 's Day . Anyhow , we ordered pizza and sat down to watch the Director 's Cut of Blade Runner . As the movie started , I was like `` okay , this is n't so bad after all , '' but I quickly took back my optimistic thought process . It was a depressing 2-dimensional action/sci fi flick about ... well , what was it about ? I do n't know if anybody 's sure about it . Another mystery.Anyway , Rachael , the replicant object of Deckard 's affection , has no personality whatsoever . I seriously wonder how he fell in love with her . Maybe he 's a replicant too ... and , miraculously , that 's the amazing question the movie is asking . There is some deep meaning in this film . Is it that Deckard is perhaps a replicant too ? Wow . Too hard to handle , for me at any rate.Most of the film I did n't get , including the white-haired replicant guy who ran around howling with a nail through his hand . He was extremely creepy , if not completely repulsive . The only part in the movie that I enjoyed was the 10-second-long vision of the unicorn . At least I think it was a vision . It was neat , but I 'm not sure how it fit into the story . I also liked the end , because it was not really an ending at all , and because that meant the torture was over . But I suppose this all has to do with some mind impediment that I suffer from . After all , I 'm just a moron with no taste for sci fi flicks , except of course for the coolest movie ever , Star Wars . Well , I guess if you 're like my dad , you 'll enjoy Blade Runner . And if you appreciate real plots and characters with emotions , then you wo n't like this movie at all .
 I ca n't believe I did n't turn this movie off . I was waiting for something to happen , but nothing happened in the whole movie . It was a waste of my 2 hours and my $ 1 to rent it . The dvd is awful . Its got no special features , the menus are about as pretty as Christopher Lloyd in one flew over the Cuckoo 's Nest . There was no plot to this movie , there was no action in this movie , there was no sex in this movie . So what 's so good about it ? I do n't know . It was awful . Harrison Ford had about as much testosterone as the Olsen Twins . The evil man was an idiot and the naked woman was about as ugly as Whoopie Goldburg . Everybody on the internet rants and raves about this garbage so I figured I 'd watch it . This is not a classic . I could have wrote this script in 5 minutes . I 'm going to go watch Show Down in Little Tokyo now .
 The original work is in my top 10 movies of all time . BUT , the directors cut ruined the movie . They removed the inner monolog which help to explain ALOT of things in the movie . Plus the ending is bogus . It just ends and leaves you witb an uneasy constipated feeling . Lucky for me I have a vhs version of the movie to take of my Blade Runner withdrawls . If there is a God of movies out there , please release the original with the extra footage . Pllllleeeeeaaaaaasssssssseeeeeeeee .
 Everyone says its so great ! I must have been watching a different movie . When it comes to movies I am one of those people that generally likes everything for what it is , if nothing else . This would have to be the exception to the rule . Boring , slow , cheesey effects , almost no plot , and the ending was unfulfilling at best . I 've only seen the directors cut so I guess I ca n't appreciate the ` improvement ' , but whats so good about a polished version of a fundementally bad movie ? Its like taking a class in remedial reading and getting an A ; sure its an A , but its not a very tough class .
 Despite what everyone says about this movie , I thought it was poor . Little to no action , boring . I almost fell asleep watching it . Do yourself a favor and skip this one .
 Buy the 5-Disc edition for 50 % less . This product is `` limited '' on 103.000 editions ! The rest inside are cheap plastic gadgets from China . The only one who laughs is Warner Bros. . I am sure that you can fool yourself better . The film receives five stars but this is here not the topic .
 Disappointed , not anything like `` I thought it be.Was recommended to me just purchased a blu-ray playerand was going to purchase this on blu-ray the reason this was purchase -LRB- dvd -RRB- version.Many thanks foropportunity for review Marty Dublin , Ireland .
 I heard the `` suits '' at Warner made Scott add the voice over because they thought the movie 's plot was too vague without it , looks like they were right . But this movie has other weaknesses . First the FX which set the mood has lost much of its power to impress , granted that ca n't be helped , but its still a fact . The not so subtle Japan bashing , from a time when Japan was seen as our # 1 threat , seems as corny today as a Red Scare movie from the ` 50s . Last the endless philosophizing by beings , that do n't exist , and probably never will , on the subject of `` are skin jobs human '' . Maybe expecting a movie to have the same impact 25 years later is unrealistic , or maybe it was based on once trendy now pass&eacute; ideas .
 Well I just recieved this product yesterday and I figured I will finally develop an appreciation for this film . For 25 years , since I was a kid in the 80s , I have never made it through a complete viewing of this film . All I have stored in my memory are bits and pieces . The problem in the past is the film does not keep my attention . I figured maybe I was too young to enjoy the concepts , or I was n't listening to the dialog closely , or whatever .20 something years later and after numerous releases and reedits -LRB- so I 've heard -RRB- this film still cant hold my attention . And thats a shame because Harrison Ford is one of my favorite actors and he normally excells in films like these . The sci fi neo tokyo environment is great but watching him constantly mope around his dark apartment drinking and staring at underdeveloped pictures was dreadful . The pacing is horrid , as usual I was sleep within the first hour and will likely never see this through to the end . So with the release of the Final Cut , I thought I was going to finally gain an appreciation for this film and understand why its considered this great sci fi classic ; sadly I realize it aint gon na happen ! Its just too damn boring ! I throw in the towel , Blade Runner aint ever going to impress me .
 Movies like minority report , i , robot , the fifth element -LRB- stupid -RRB- , and other futuristic films owe alot to this becuase of the hover cars and huge cities that have basically no visible ground , but this movie is the worst of the all . Ridley Scott can make a hell of a movie -LRB- alien , gladiator ... -RRB- but he should stick with the epics and thankfully he seems to be going in that direction because he is making 3 more historical epics that i know of -LRB- kingdom of heaven , hannibal , not lector , the conqueror dude , and gladiator 2 , also he is planning on a movie called metropoli which i think stars russel crowe and is also a hist epic -RRB- and alien was a great sci fi horror film , but this sci fi so called action movie -LRB- even though it has no real or half decent action in it at all -RRB- sucks terrbily . It is boring , weird , the is no fathomable plot , no drama or likeable character esspecially that nexus 6 guy -LRB- what the hell was he doin in a ridley scott film , hes a worse actor the steven seagal almost -RRB- , no action , pointless nudity , an the supposed unhappy ending in this directors cut is basically happy , they are together at the end whats so unhappy , its pointless because there is an attempt at a love story -LRB- which suck anyway -RRB- but this is just ridiculous . The whole movie feels incomplete and really should have never been `` completed '' or even made in the first place . 1 out of a 10 for the visuals -LRB- which arent that great -RRB- and inspiring other much better films .
 I am very disappointed with this retailer . I have not received my order yet , even though it is more than a week overdue . I emailed the retailer a few days ago , asking that the order be tracked , but have received no response . I think you should remove this retailer from your list .
 I could n't wait to get this set as this is one of my favorite , favorite movies . It finally came and I put it into my DVD player and the player could n't read any of the discs . I went out and bought an HD DVD player , bring it home and I still ca n't view the discs . I have an HD wide screen TV . All of my equipment is for HD . Even tried viewing it on a friend 's HD DVD player and we could n't view the movie . Maybe I just got a defective set , but had to return it . This makes me sad .
 I recently purchased the Blu-ray version of this 5-disk set and was shocked to open the case to find 3 of the 5 disks loose within the packaging . I inspected the disks and found no major flaws ... then proceeded to place the first disk which contains the feature movie into my PS3 ... . nothing happened ... removed the disk to re-inspect it and noticed a strange looking logo on the front of the disk ... it was labeled HD-DVD ! ... two of the remaining 4 disks had the blu-ray logo with the remaining two having the standard DVD logo ... obviously having one studio with multiple formats is just a tad too complicated for them ... guess they should have stuck with laserdisks ... a bit harder to confuse them with the beta version .
 This `` director 's cut '' illustrates why we have film editors . I very much like Harrison 's voice over on the original and feel it helps the story experience for the viewer . The rest is only clips that was wisely left on the original cutting room floor . The only thing better about this video is the color quality . My copy has faded over the years and I now am searching for a DVD of the ORIGINAL cut .
 I purchased this title because I had seen Blade Runner and wanted to own it . I thought that the `` Directors Cut '' would be even better because it would include more NOT less . With this version you get more CUT and less movie . Take my advise ... stay away from this Directors Cut .
 I give this a 1-star rating for Director 's Cut . The original version rated 5 stars . The DC removed much vital information , like the background to the exchange when Decker is picked up to be forced back into work as a BR . The DC also inserted an idiotic scene of a unicorn trapsing through a glade - looked like it was lifted directly from `` Legend . `` I would venture that some preponderance of the intelligentsia expressing preference for the DC saw the OV first , thus they have already been exposed to the background info before seeing the DC . If you see the DC first , good luck . I would n't recommend seeing the DC at all . The OV is one of my favorite films . I resent that people who feel they know what the rest of the population 's tastes `` should '' be have determined which version we may view .
 I bought the directors cut knowing it was different than the original , but it had been so long since I had seen the original I really could n't figure out what was different . I looked at the box and saw that the narration had been taken out . What were they thinking ?!? That is key to the movie ! I agree without the narration it makes the directors cut pretty much a whole new movie , but to me , a movie very much lacking in depth . You go along for the ride not really knowing exactly what is going on except for the fact that you have seen the original so you are already clued in . It 's like watching a movie with the volume turned off half the time . Boo for the director 's cut . Release the original on DVD ... . please .
 It 's not my intent to anger anybody . I just want to understand . How did this movie become one of the top ten sci-fi films of all time , according to The Guardian and the American Film Institute?I saw Blade Runner quite recently , and I wanted to like it ; I 've spent my life writing dystopian sci-fi novels , and my favourite things include detective stories , action movies and Phillip K. Dick . -LRB- If you think it 's unfair to describe Phil as a `` thing '' rather than a person , you might not know that he was turned into an android whose whereabouts are unknown . Seriously . -RRB- But the film struck me as superficial , pretentious and dull.You ca n't make statements like that without backing them up , so I will - but be warned , spoilers follow.There 's no question that the filmmakers involved were talented . Ridley Scott directed Alien . David Peoples wrote Twelve Monkeys . Harrison Ford starred in Morning Glory . But evidence of their talents is absent from Blade Runner . The excruciating tension of Alien is missing in action . Ford , whose character arc in Morning Glory was surprisingly nuanced , flatlines here as a prosaic , alcoholic womaniser . -LRB- His kissing scenes look a lot like assault . -RRB- And the matryoshka-doll of plot twists from 12 Monkeys are nowhere to be found.You could argue that the simplistic plot is not the fault of the filmmakers , since the movie was based on Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep . But you would be wrong - an adaptation should outgrow the source material , not redact it . The plot of DADOES is as follows : `` In a depopulated world where animals are so revered as to fund an industry of fakes , Rick Deckard is paid to hunt androids who , but for their lack of empathy and short life-span , are identical to humans . Gradually , he realises that humans often lack empathy too , including himself , and he wonders if there is a meaningful difference between his victims and their executioner . `` Meanwhile , the plot of Blade Runner can be summarised thusly : `` In futuristic Los Angeles -LRB- just like present-day LA , but with flying cars -RRB- , Rick Deckard is paid to hunt androids who , but for their short life-span , are identical to humans . Later , it turns out he , too , is an android . Credits roll . `` Opinions differ on how many twists constitutes a plot , but I 'm pretty sure `` one '' does n't quite cut it.Critics will argue that the story was n't the point - Blade Runner was stylistically influential . That 's true ; The Fifth Element , for example , was probably inspired by it . But Blade Runner was n't in TIME magazine 's list of the 100 `` most influential '' movies of all time . It was listed as one the 100 `` best '' . And there 's a reason that `` style over substance '' is usually cited as a bad thing.Perhaps I 'm not looking deep enough . Perhaps the movie has some symbolic or thematic importance that I 'm missing . Is that right , Blade Runner?Blade Runner
 I first saw this movie on VHS in 1982 and was totally blown away with such a daring futuristic movie , for me the voice over of Harrison Ford told the underlining story , it was very important in my opinion . Without his comentary how the heck would you know about -LRB- `` gutter talk a mish mash of english spanish german what have you ? '' -RRB- Deckard explains this , other wise how could he be a blade runner and not know the city speak ? In the directors cut you have no idea what the heck is going on , as friends virgin veiwers I have tested this with close friends , all prefer the original version ! Need I say more Ridley ? Ok the trees at the very end are a bit lame but without the commentary the film is lost on so many people in my humble opinion .
 It sort of makes me sad that this DVD was the way I was introduced to Blade Runner . A DVD package such as this does not do the movie justice . Watching the film , I could still realize that this was something great . Blade Runner addresses the simple questions that have been on the minds and in the hearts of all people for all time ... what is it that makes us human ? Do we have a higher purpose in life ? Is our existance the result of our personal choices or are we being moved along by forces beyond our control ? Seems sort of hokey when you 're reading it off a screen , but when you experience it lived out on film , it is truly a beautiful sight . From what I hear about the director 's cut is that the film 's narration has been omitted and the movie 's ending has been altered . I 've read through Deckard 's voice over from the theatrical release , and believe me , you do n't need it . The Director 's Cut works much better to subtly convey the emotions and themes of the movie . A quick comment on the ending without spoiling it ... it works . If you truly let the movie engross you , you 'll understand why any other ending would be a disappointment . It 's powerful without being preachy . Science fiction at it 's best.A few warnings to DVD buffs and Blade Runner fans . This is n't a good DVD . The video and sound quality is nothing special . The world Ridley Scott creates is amazing . The DVD just does n't do it justice . No extras , no easter eggs , nothing . Quite a disappointment . The movie is based from the novel `` Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep . '' Purists may be upset with some of the departures taken from the novel to make the film . Then again , if you 've read the book , you know that it just would n't have worked as a perfect transition into a movie . Not in 1982 , anyway , and I doubt today 's world would be able to truly appreciate and accept it either.The greatness of Blade Runner does shine through in this DVD of the best version of the movie to date . It 's just lacking in so many ways that it 's hard to recommend a purchase . Sadly I fear this masterpiece will become lost in time . Blade Runner truly deserves to be in a class with all the scifi classics .
 I love the movie `` Blade Runner '' and was looking forward to enjoying it in the extra fidelity of DVD . I was shocked as the opening credits jiggled and bled . It was as if someone were sitting in front of a high-speed dub of a VHS tape with a hand-held camera recording this.This is not the only DVD product I have viewed where the video quality was no better than VHS tape . The industry is really screwing up by releasing substandard quality recordings.I hear the Stanley Kubrick collection is an abomination . Why is the industry abusing the consumers like this !!!?
 As soon as I discovered the film had been `` Formatted to fit '' myTV screen I knew I had bought the wrong DVD.I absolutely detest `` Pan & Scan '' versions of wide screen movies.This is a great way to destroy an excellent film which is exactlywhat has happened in this case.Don ` t waste your hard earned money on this piss poor product .
 Is this ALL we 're going to get from now on ? Deckard is a replicant , he dreams of pretty unicorns , and he does n't feel like narrarating , fine . But I still have my original un-rated Embassy Home video unedited VHS version from 1986 , which I regard as precious and sacred . And it 's starting to seriously deteriorate.Where and when the hell is the original ?? ...
 alright i saw this movie yesterday in which i have to say it was a very interesting movie and kept me hooked until the end but for some reason i dont like the movie . ilike for example when Rutger Hauer -LRB- i forgot his name in the film -RRB- saved Deckard from falling to his death . i guess he felt compassion for him and was sick of killing or something of that nature but i truly dont understand why he saved him . the pacing of the movie seemed to be slow for me but like i said though the movie kept me hooked until the end . and another thing i didnt understand the unicorn scene . what it says on the back of the dvd case it says `` the unicorn vision suggests Deckard may be a humanoid '' . i never in the movie thought that Deckard was a humanoid at all . i guess maybe an indication that he could have been is that he didnt take the test what Racheal suggested he should do because maybe she didnt think that he seemed human . i understand this directors cut cuts out the voiceover narration and removes the `` uplifting ending '' in which the directors cut ending i guess he was helping her go North to protect her because he loved her ? one other thing -LRB- unless i missed it -RRB- i never got the indication that the other nexus 6 people wanted to be human except for Racheal and Rutger i guess at the end when he dies . im 19 so i may be a little young to truly understand this movie . For me i just considered it a let down because i heard this was one of the best movies ever . again i thought it was interesting movie and a creepy one that kept me hooked . should i buy the other version , am i truly missing something ?
 I love the movie , let 's get that right up front . The fact that the DVD pack came with the documentary was gravy , but definitely a plus . Now I realize that I was getting the DVD for a good price and that corners might be cut somewhere , however it was somewhat telling that when I first opened the plastic case housing the discs , the actual plastic DVD case tore as if it were paper ! No big deal , it 's just a case , right ? So I was able to watch the movie and loved it . However , the second DVD -LRB- the one with the documentary -RRB- would not play . After examining it , it definitely appears to be faulty as the physical DVD appears cloudy . I tried the disc in multiple players without luck.While I am still happy to own the movie , I would be hesitant to order from the same supplier a second time not knowing where they source their movies .
 It 's a terrific movie ! I 've seen it a couple dozen times since its release in the early-eighties and this is one that I never grow tired of . The Director 's Cut is exactly what the name implies `` A Cut '' . Why the voice-overs were cut is beyond me . Decker 's thoughts are what pulled the whole movie together . Without them , the movie is just not the same . Maybe the director decided to get Politically Correct - who knows .
 ITS A PITY THAT THE DVD EDITION ONLY HAS THE DIRECTORS CUT . LOTS OF PEOPLE PREFERE THE ORIGINAL VERSION -LRB- ONLY ON VIDEO -RRB- . PERHAPS THEY COULD DO THE TWO VERSIONS ON ONE DVD . THEN WE BLADE RUNNER FANS CAN SAY WE HAVE A REAL COLLECTORS EDITION .
 If the story was as interesting as the cinemaphotograhy , this would be a 5 star movie . But unfortunately , the story is slow starting and never builds any momentum . I kept thinking this is going to get really exciting any minute now , but after an hour into it I realized I needed 3 espressos if I was going to stay awake . DVD is an excellent medium for this film . It really shows the detail that Ridley Scott put into it . It is an excellent film for your DVD collection , if you 're wanting to show off your machine . Otherwise , this movie is a real snooze . END
 I believe the original theatrical release was far better than the director 's cut which was a bore and the Unicorn scene not only made no sense it did not fit into the film . The original film monologue kept the film moving and was a brilliant vehicle for telling the story . As for the ending of the original , the final words gave the audiance something to ponder vs. the Director 's cut which left the audiance wondering , wondering what happened to the film `` Blade Runner '' ! The original theatrical release of `` Blade Runner '' is one of the best all time Sci-Fi 's ever and remains so today .
 The DVD transfer was very very terrible . What I got was a very nice package and a DVD Disc with no markings at all . The Price doed terrible justice . I wonder they called it Director 's Cut ??? gee Amazon will do good taking this off their shelves .
 I had seen the TV version before and liked it . However , this one has a lot of graphic violence , nudity . Read the book . Good ending performance by Dolph Lundgren .
 Tape was bad , probably broken , thats okay I will keep looking . Maybe see if I can find a DVD version with full screen . I am stuck with VHS tape that is using widescreen . Spiderman 3 is the same way , plan on selling it to someone who likes widescreen . Give me full screen any day .
 Closed captioning not available ... bummer ! Luckily , I still have an older DVD which does have closed captioning . This purchase was a waste of money !
 Unbelievably terrible movie , and a terrible transfer . I 'd go into more detail , but that would require that i think about the movie again , and i refuse to make myself do that .
 The tape was broken and I can not find the sellers 's name to return it
 Directors Cut is NOT a cut above!I always love to get the directors cut of a movie because you get all the scenes put back in that the studio cuts out . Mostly because they only want a movie to run two hrs . and they can turn the audiences over quicker or they want to be `` politically correct ! '' I look forward to the scenes that are missing and detract from what the story is all about.Alas , this is one time the studio was right . The theatrical release is so superior to the Directors cut that it is an embarrassment . With the voice over you get the feeling of what is on the mind of Deckard , sort of like a Bogart movie . You feel like it is a Sam Spade character and helps with a more in depth view of the character and what he is thinking . I have no idea what the director was thinking , but it was not about telling a story.I have seen the theatrical release many times , well over 300 times and I can still watch it with the freshness of the very first time . I have seen the directors cut three times and on the third time I feel asleep it was so boring . I was shocked that one of the best science fiction movies ever made was so bad ; I could no long watch it . The directors ' cut is one of the best examples of a director gone wrong . Thanks to the studio for realizing the potential of this science fiction classic and making Mr. Scott add the voice over . Bravo!I am sad to say that for once , the studio got it right and the director got it wrong !
 I 'm one who has seen and own both versions of Blade Runner , unfortunately the original -LRB- or `` Criterion 's '' version -RRB- is unavailable on DVD . The movie as a whole is excellent for a film of 1982 , its graphic imagery and imagination matches that of Lucas and the Star Wars Saga of the same time period . It 's visually stunning with more unveiling suspenseful drama than action , to keep you glued to the film.Where the film falls short however is in the `` Director 's '' choice of presenting the film . Alot of Harrison Ford character 's thought dialog -LRB- found in the Criterion Collection -RRB- is axed from the film , in favor of the Director 's cut . This can leave the viewer , who has never seen the film , lost as to what is going on . The thought dialogs add ALOT to the film , as to who the replicant 's are , his knowledge of the replicant 's history -LRB- when he picks up a set of photos , his thoughts ask `` why ... because replicants do n't have families '' for example . Information that makes the direction of his search more understandable , `` vital '' , and less confusing . -RRB- , his thoughts to why he retired from the Blade Runner force , and more . The Director 's Cut is a real hack job to the original and makes the new script very weak . I can only hope that the `` Criterion '' version may soon be released , as Blade Runner is an excellent film and NEEDS to maintain its original strong storyline . To those who may be searching , the `` Criterion '' version may only be found on the large laser discs -LRB- as it 's been phased out after the Director 's Cut release -RRB- .
 VERY DISPOINTING SET HAS THE SAME DVD AVAILABLE ALL READY WITH JUST ONE VERISON , THERE WAS VHS VERSION THAT HAD THE NARRATION AND MORE GRAPHIC SCENES THAT WERE DELETED IN THE THEATRICAL VERSION FOR BEING TO GRAPHIC WHY CANT WE GET THIS VERSION ON DVD WHATS UP !
 This has got to be the ALL-TIME WORST DVD conversion EVER!Blade Runner was a great movie . They could 've released it with both versions , w/voice over , and this ... ! But no option ! You 're stuck with this ... , and YOU get to do the voice over for everyone who sees this for the first time!My wife , and several friends have never seen the original , and it took me 5 hours to get through this ... while I tried explaining why so-and-so did that ! Or why is he staring off into space ? Or what was that look for ? Is `` Skin Job '' a new kind of plastic surgery?DON ' T WASTE YOU 'RE MONEY ! RENT IT FIRST ! You 'll see what I mean !
 Am I the only one who prefers the original version ? Harrison Ford 's voiceover added to the film 's noir feel , and filled in a few background details that made the story more understandable . Perhaps creative folk are loath to admit that studio execs are sometimes right , even if it 's for the wrong reasons . In addition , I LIKE happy endings , and so do most people , which is why moviemakers do them so much .
 Bear with me , this anecdote is relevant to the poor quality of this dvd . I admit it , I am a Blade Runner Geek . I have the original cut on laser disk . I saw the director 's cut the second it hit the theatre years ago in a new state-of-the-art Sony theater in NYC . The projection booth was fully `` automated '' and it began rolling the film with audio only , the screen was totally black . Finally after 5 excruciating minutes , the picture belatedly came on and the theatre manager thought he could just keep the movie rolling until a near-riot started in the theatre . This was a Blade Runner audience . We demanded to start again from the beginning , we were n't going to be deprived of seeing a pristine print of the breathtaking opening sequence . The manager explained to the angry crowd that he could n't just back up the projector , that it would require the time-consuming chore of removing the reel and rewinding it on a bench and the mob shouted : `` do it now , we do n't care how long it takes . '' And the contrite manager eventually started the film from the beginning 20 minutes later.Well , Warner Bros. has done a similarly bad job of presenting B.R. on dvd . Right from the first 5 seconds , squinting at aliasing blurred titles , it looks as though you 're watching a vhs tape that has been rented 100 times rather than a brand new dvd of a restored film . Oddly , the letterbox does n't fully extend to the left and right edge of the tv screen . A smallish rectangle view floats in the middle of the screen with ragged pulsing edges . Unable to stomach watching the whole movie looking like this I scanned ahead to see a poorly transferred picture complete with dust and even a curly hair making a guest appearance ! Like that hapless theatre manager , Warner Studios has made a big mistake underestimating the Blade Runner audience -- we demand a refund and a re-release done right !
 What happens when you take a dark and moody movie set in a futuristic Los Angeles , take out the voice over and add a few minutes of footage ... ? You get a cure for insomnia . I 'm sorry , I think Harrison Ford is a very good actor and I love his role in this film . I realize he did not want to do the voice over in the original cut but this movie screams for it . Ridley Scott in my opinion is a hit and miss director . He seems to think he knows more about what we like to see as entertainment then we do . There is good news and bad news about this Directors Cut . The good news first . Artistically , this movie is incredible , absolutely stunning . The production design was worth every bit of praise . Never has there been to this day a better looking futuristic city in the movies . Visually it 's timeless and beautiful . The characters and scenes are well shot and inspiring . The story is a good one , too . A small group of escaped manufactured humans looking for freedom . Ford is very good in his character as the Blade Runner who is sent to destroy them . This all sets the stage for a very intriguing morality play . They may be manufactured , but they are still human , should n't they have the right to live ? This is basically what the movie talks about . Now the bad news . Scott 's pacing is so slow and cumbersome -LRB- come on Ridley how long do we have to look at every scene ? -RRB- that boredom sets in . I 'm not asking for fast paced action or explosions , I realize this is Science Fiction and there is a story unfolding here , but there are scenes that do n't even do anything to keep your attention . In addition , the original novels were inspired as pieces of futuristic Sci Fi detective film noir . The voiceover helped establish that , it also helped keep the movie going at the slower scenes . I am the first one to say that movie executives do n't have a clue as to what movies are supposed to be like but in this one instance they were right . The movie needed a boost . Ford may not have liked doing it but even though he purposely did it poorly , it still fits the movie . His deadpanned tone and lack of inflections are a throwback to the detective stories like Philip Marlow and Mike Hammer . I was extremely disappointed in the directors cut , only because of the lack of voice over . I think it added more to the morality and substance , it brought to the front of the mind the questions the movie was trying to make you think about . I did like the alternate ending and the dream sequence , very interesting if not ambiguous . But it could have stood with the original . I still give this movie two stars because it 's still a visually exciting movie to this day , but you can only look at a movie for so long before it pushes the boundaries of your attention .
 Search the Web for `` blade runner blu-ray disc return '' and you 'll find many people who got mislabeled duplicate discs . Amazon.com will help you out if you check the discs soon enough and find an issue , but if you wait too long Warner Brothers does n't help . I have called multiple numbers that lead to message recorders . Nobody responds.Check your discs right away ; Amazon is your only return option ! If you have a bad disc and have waited too long , WB does n't care .
 Do NOT purchase this item from Amazon , they are continuing to sell this set that is known to include incorrect copies of the Blu-Ray Discs . You will receive two copies of the `` Workprint '' version of the film on Blu-Ray Discs # 1 & # 5 and there will be no copy of `` The Final Cut '' version of the film included in the set . The discs themselves are labeled correctly but the contents of Disc # 1 will be the same as Disc # 5 . Shame on Amazon for not pulling this defective product and on Warner Bros. for not conducting a full recall . In the meantime , my first phone call tomorrow will be to Warner Bros. customer support at 1-800-553-6937 , apparently they are offering to ship a corrected version of Disc # 1 .
 The movie is great the quality of this DVD is horrible . It appears to shimmy and shake as if someone were sitting in a theater with a camcorder . Very displeased with this purchase - should be sold in the $ 1 bin not as a $ 10 item . You would be better off with VHS or perhaps LaserDisc . Wait for the rumored forthcoming `` definitive '' DVD release by Ridley Scott the director .
 This movie just is n't the same with out Harrison Ford 's hard-boiled narration . In my opinion that made this film 's gritty Noir-Feel just that much better . Secondly , The ending is completely different , and completely drab . What happened to one of the coolest endings with Harrion Ford saying , `` I do n't know how much time we have ... but then again who does ? '' and he drives off in a beautiful serene view with Sean Young . Instead we simply see Ford entering an elevator with Sean Young and slamming the door ... WEAK ! Save your money . This version is n't even worth renting . Without the narration , this movie feels 3 hours long . The ending leaves you feeling like ... what ? I 'm not even going to mention the Unicorn . Ridley Scott should be ashamed of himself to force this version out to the people . The least the movie company could do was give you the option on the DVD to see BOTH versions ... now there 's an idea .
 The original version was a great `` film noir . '' Like so many `` Director 's Cut '' versions , this was a pointless waste of time and money .
 First off , I must admit that the first contact I had with the ` Blade Runner ' universe was with the book . It is a good but short and to the point novel , in the likes of Bradbury 's ` FARENHEIT 451 ' . The movie was more of an adaptation , but it was achieved with so much skill that when I saw the movie for the first time -LRB- I was alone , in my darkened living room -RRB- , I had to watch it a second time right away . This is one of the most artisticly genuine movie ever . I have seen it again and again , but there was always something wrong
 Compared to the original version the Director 's Cut is awful . Background narration has been removed ; the ending has been changed . Do n't waste your money .
 Give us a break ! You can see any film several times over and read more into it than really exist . Maybe the theater release version of `` Blade Runner '' might not have been the original story that Ridley Scott wanted but what movie is?So many people are claiming that Deckard -LRB- Harrison Ford -RRB- is a replicant . Well , if you want to rewrite the story then be my guest . Considering that Tyrell , who created these replicants , pointed out to Deckard that
 I do n't like the Director 's Cut . Anyone know if I can get the REAL movie ? helen@ewm.com The narration MADE the movie !
 The original theatrical release is far superior , no matter whether harrison ford did the narration bad on purpose or not . The narration is still one of the best things in the movie , the 1920 's style detctive narration keeps the fils going and from putting you to sleep . I can do without the lame unicorn scene -LCB- which is probably a lame outtake from the cutting room floor of legend . -RCB- i dont care if harrison might be a replicant and the happy ending people complain about is more ambiguous than happy.to be honest whilst the directors cut is still a fairly good movie , it is very slow and boring . the theatrical cut is easily a 4 star movie if not higher . Hopefully one day tey will release a 2 disc set with both versions and some special features . This lame bare bones release is just lame .
 I wo n't go into that whole Original Vs. Director 's cut debate . My feelings side with the director on this one.What I ca n't believe is Warner Bros. treatment of this film . Why re-release `` Blade Runner '' if you 're not going to add anything to the disc ? The frame of film , lobby cards and posters are nice , but as a film enthusiast - and a fan of this one in particular - I 'd much rather have director 's commentary , or at least some trailers or featurettes . Surely a documentary is n't too much to ask for , considering everything that people seem to NEED to say about the movie . -LRB- There were nearly 300 reviews here alone when I wrote this . -RRB- I ca n't believe one of the best and most influential science fiction features of all time is getting the Paramount DVD treatment ! -LRB- Star Trek DVDs have virtually no features either . -RRB- I suggest you save your money and look through Amazon 's book area for a book called `` Future Noir '' , as it appears to be the closest thing we 're ever going to get to a documentary or director commentary.Great film , disappointing package . `` Blade Runner '' could be so much more on video .
 ITS A PITY THAT THE DVD EDITION ONLY HAS THE DIRECTORS CUT . LOTS OF PEOPLE PREFERE THE ORIGINAL VERSION -LRB- ONLY ON VIDEO -RRB- . PERHAPS THEY COULD DO THE TWO VERSIONS ON ONE DVD . THEN WE BLADE RUNNER FANS CAN SAY WE HAVE A REAL COLLECTORS EDITION .
 Do n't buy this dvd cause Warner may release this title in a near future again with special features , trailers , notes and etc.Just like they did with Twister , Interwiew with the Vampire ... and more to come ...
 Blade Runner will always be , at least for coming 5 years , on the top 10 list of best Sci.Fi movies . Shame about the DVD , poor sound and picture -LRB- single layer DVD -RRB- . I have seen much worse movies get released on Superbits , or special edition with DTS , DD ES , duel layer superb picture transferred quality , except Blade Runner.Who is responsible , or who can take the responsibility , to give justice to this exceptionaly good movie and release it in a format that people can watch it with today projectors and sound systems .
 I just bought the Director 's cut version on DVD and am extremely disappointed in it ! The ending , which was one of my favorite scenes was eliminated , along with other pieces which changed the flavor for the worse .
 I GIVE THIS DVD A 1 STAR RATING NOT THE MOVIE . JUST TO LET YOU GUYS KNOW THAT THEIR IS A MULTI-DISC SPECIAL EDITION COMING OUT SOON . SEE BELOW.And finally , here 's a bit of news that 's going to get a lot of you excited -LRB- and I made a point to specifically ask about this title , believe me -RRB- ... Ridley Scott 's Blade Runner -LRB- 1982 -RRB- is currently on track for release as a multi-disc special edition in time for its 25th anniversary in 2007 . The release is far from certain -LRB- as usual , there 's a lot more that I ca n't post about this title yet - think of the old saying , `` Loose lips sink ships '' -RRB- , but Warner says that work is proceeding , most of the key players are involved and things are `` looking good '' for release next year . We 'll see . STAY TUNED TO DIGITALBITES.http : / / www.thedigitalbits.com
 This is or was one of the greatest movies I have ever seen . Until the directors cut was released . This show is an empty shell without the Fords narrative . I only gave it two stars but I would give the original 6 .
 In comparison with the original theatrical release , this version of Blade Runner suffers considerably . While the removal of the voice over from Harrison Ford no doubt pleased Ridley Scott and the film critics , it lost a considerable amount of clarity . Attempts to make the film more artistically and aesthetically pleasing by the exclusion of the `` Sam Spade '' narrative results in the viewer wondering what is going on in a number scenes . Give me the original film any day .
 The DC of Blade Runner lacks the seedy 1940 's PI tone that was set with Ford 's voice overs . While the extra scenes developed the charcters more , the whole tone of the movie was silenced . Ford 's voice-overs made the the movie for me , and without them , the moive is long , and just another sci-fi film .
 The copy I got skipped too much for me to be able to watch all of it . Im going to get a disc repairer and see what happens .
 First off the Director 's Cut blatantly disregards most of the book especially at the end . But since I am inclined to base my rating on the DVD itself , I 'll not count that against it . My big complaint with Bladerunner is that the movie was released with two versions and only one is present on the DVD . Thus , the viewer is forced to watch the Director 's Cut . The DVD is also a little shy on extras . The movie itself is n't too bad , although its pace is a tad slower than many other good science fiction movies and may cause many viewers to become bored . I suggest holding off on purchasing this DVD as it is rumored to be scheduled for re-release around December of this year . Hopefully the new release will have both versions of the film and the additional extras such a famous film deserves
 Like quite a few others I received this set with the primary 1st disc being in fact a duplicate of the 5th disc which is just a workcut of the film . Amazon quickly sent me a replacement . But that set has the same issue . Disc one has different and correct artwork so it appears the manufacturer had some issues when they printed these discs and there are a glut of them out there . I sent Amazon another e mail to see how to proceed and do n't know how that will go since they apparently wo n't do a refund for this order and a third replacement seems likely to offer the same problems . But buyer beware if you are planning to pick this set up through Amazon right now . Not sure if other retailers are having the same issue also .
 This was so disappointing ! I do n't know if there 's something wrong with Blu Ray 5 disc Bladerunner that I got , but the ` Final-Cut ' disc -LRB- which I watched first -RRB- ; the ` time to die ' scene i.e. with Batty releasing the dove etc ; one of the flaws that the final cut was meant to correct was the blue , earling morning sky that the dove flies up into - which is in stark contrast to the smog laden , techno , industrial , retro-fitted builidngs / L.A. scenery in the rest of the film . However , in this final cut ; it 's exactly the same i.e. the dove flying up into the out of contrast , early morning clear blue sky i.e. exactly the same as in the original 1982 / voice-over , theatrical version and the 1992 Directors Cut !!! And the scene where Deckard 's at Abdul Ben Hassan 's investigating the snake ; some of the dialogue 's still out of sync , even after the final cut 's makers went to the trouble of getting in Harrison Fords son , Ben Ford to do green screen shots so his lips could be composited to make it look Harrison Ford 's lips / mouth etc. . And the makers of the final cut went to the trouble of fixing the fact that , if you look closely enough at the earlier versions i.e. where Zhora 's running out of Taffy Lewis 's bar ; she 's apparently wearing stilleto 's and then not wearing them in the next shot -LRB- where she bursts out on to the street -RRB- , but this was n't noticable to me anyway -LRB- and beleive me I 've watched Bladerunner countless times -RRB- . In other words ; it was such a minor detail and yet in the final cut , they apparently fixed this and yet seem to neglect much more obvious flaws e.g. the dove flying up into the clear blue sky ... even though they made a special , new landscape shot for this i.e. with the dove flying up into a rumbling , dark cloud / smog laden sky ; past retro-fitted , futuristic , multi-layered , instrustrial , techno buildings -LRB- like it should 've been -RRB- , but for some reason , this was n't in the Blu Ray final cut that I received!And the final cut omits the cool music at the opening credits roll and the other touch ups are barely noticeable anyway . Also , the final cut put 's in this crappy , supposedly suspensful music at the showdown i.e. where Batty 's chasing Deckard in the Bradbury apartments ; I much prefered how it was in the theatrical and directors cuts . OK , the final cut 's got some extra / additional footage which hardcore Bladerunner fans have known about , but never actually seen on screen i.e. in the downtown / ` fourth sector ' , L.A. street scenes e.g. the dancers in the tubes etc. , but apart from that , the final cut 's not that great . Also , the ` Workprint ' i.e. disc 5 , turned out to be just another copy of the final cut !
 I am and American teaching college in Vietnam . I first tried to order this product on my Kindle . I was unable to do this . So I ordered it through Amazon on my laptop . I succeeded in ordering it , but could not transfer it to my Kindle . So I tried to watch it on my laptop . It was impossible to watch . It timed out , and if I paused it , it started again from the beginning . After an hour without success , I gave up.Fortunately , Amazon eventually refunded my fee .
 The picture quality was good , but the audio quality for HD online rentals is in stereo even though my surround sound receiver displays Dolby Digital . I thought it was just this particular movie , but the audio quality was the same for all of my HD rentals . At least Netflix offers surround sound with their HD rentals . Bottom line , you can save yourself one dollar and just spend $ 3.99 for the same movie in standard picture quality and sound . If you decide you like the movie , purchase it on blu-ray so you can get the better picture and sound . Come on Amazon , get it together , or you 'll continue to lose market share to Netflix and Apple ...
 If you liked this movie your IQ is ok . I read this in the fifties and Bladerunner is a great film rendering of the original version . Dick was one of the great writers . I knew his name on a piece always meant you could expect a great read .
 You know , I love Blade Runner . It 's one of the best sci-fi movies I 've seen period . It also had this film noir quality with the voice-over . It was dark , it was gritty , it was brutal . I loved it for the cinematic masterpiece it was.But the Director 's Cut does n't have the voice-over . For me , this kills a lot of the gritty crime-story drama that the movie originally had . I would love to get my hands on a DVD of the orignal cut of Blade Runner , because I like it a lot more .
 Yup , I liked the narration and the original ending . It helped the movie move along . This does n't have it and I find myslef quite bored.Why were n't both versions put on the disc ?
 This film did n't need to be re-cut , much less butchered into a `` Directors Cut '' . I 'm reminded of the words of Don Corleone after Santino was killed , `` Look how they massacred my boy '' .
 Bring Back the Oringinal version that was shown in theaters with the voice over . It 's a hell of a lot better than this `` Director 's Cut . '' If the studio feels that this crappy director 's cut is better , why not let the consumers compare by putting both versions on the DVD ? But no , instead of doing something of quality that makes sense , the studios would rather release immediately whatever piece of manure that Adam Sandler decides to put on film .
 I fail to see how so many people enjoy this movie so much . Yes , the visuals are stunning -LRB- especially for early 80s fx -RRB- and the concept is interesting , but the plot is paper-thin and utterly predictable , there is no suspense to be found anywhere , and the Vangelis soundtrack is intrusive , inappropriate , and tacky . The wonderfully talented Harrison Ford gives as good a performance as the `` look exhausted , now look scared , now look exhausted again '' direction allows , but are we really supposed to believe that he 'd fall for an utterly unattractive Sean Young ? A lot of people here have mentioned that the original cut is superior to this version , and perhaps it is , but unless the plot is dramatically different and the score is not present , I wo n't be watching it .
 As of this writing , according to votes awarded , `` The Most Helpful Review '' on Amazon.com for this movie is by a person - Steffan Piper - who claims this is the greatest movie ever made . I feel exactly the same way about Walt Disney 's production of `` Pinocchio '' - in my opinion , `` Pinocchio '' is the greatest movie ever made ; it 's just that it may take a few centuries for the world to fully appreciate it , as with this classic , `` Blade Runner '' .
 This -LRB- `` final cut '' version -RRB- is just not the film I remember and enjoyed . What is most bothersome to me is the missing voice over . That added the human element to what otherwise ends up being a bland , dark film . Very disapointing .
 I should have come here first to see some of the reviews of the Directors Cut . I never would have bought my copy . Without the naration by `` Deckard '' it is completly useless AFAIC . The voice over gave insight into what was happening that is not revealed by just watching the movie . And now in the movie where Deckard used to be narating , it 's just silence . What 's the point . I only watched about 10 minutes of the Director 's Cut version and then I shut it off.Blade Runner used to be one of my favorite movies . I would have put it as a 5 Star rating in the original version . I will never watch it as the Directors Cut . I hope to be able to find an original copy.I hope Ridley Scott does n't ruin Alien or Aliens like he did Blade Runner .
 enough is enough stop ripping off customers how many times can one polish a film which was so much better than et ... and yet we have seen it all before
 Like many other movies that came out during the 1980s , I only recently watched Blade Runner , for the first time , a few years ago . I guess that you can say that either I 'm extremely naive ... or have lived a very ` sheltered ' life.Before watching Blade Runner for the first time , I had the impression -LRB- based on countless reviews by critics and the general public -RRB- that it was one of the most underrated and greatest sci-fi movies of all time . After having ... ` somehow ' -LRB- * cough * -RRB- managed to force myself to watch the entire movie , my impression of the intelligence of mankind lowered exponentially - as it has many times in recent years , needless to say.Blade Runner starts out as an eery sci-fi flic showing potential that it may well , indeed , turn out to paint a very original , accurate and ominous portrayal of the future
 It is amazing that so many people voted for this film , so overwhelming that I thought it must be given a try . If only judging from the cover design and the year it was taken , I would never buy it . It turned out to be so boring and dull after about 10 mins of starting.The director was successful in making a good start , but failed to make a good development and entangled in slow paced acting & dialogue in dark & disgusting environment and so on.To rent before buying is my advice .
 I did n't like Blade Runner at all . The special effects were okay but I did n't really understand the movie . I liked the score though , I think it 's great but I thought that Blade Runner was really boring .
 I 'm sorry but this movie , while it looks great , is really boring . I like Ridley Scott but 50 minutes into the movie I was ready to fall asleep . Plus the transfer pretty much sucks .
 I ca n't review it because you people took SOOOO long to try to deliver it , I got tired of waiting over 6 weeks for it and CANCELLED my order .
 I gave up buying DVDs four years ago , and switched to renting as I got sick of all the messing about from the studios . I bought my original BladeRunner dvd back in 1999 and it is a truly terrible transfer . I viewed it once and has sat on my shelf , and continued to use my 20 year old vhs copy.I was looking forward to bluray releases in the hope the studios would get their act together . Have ordered the 5 disk collectors edition , and waiting for it to arrive . Before I get hold of the disks , I discover the special features are standard dvds , not bluray disks.It is not clear on the sleeve , or on the details on the web sites . Sure , Bluray players will play standard dvds , but all the hidef tvs are terrible at playing standard def footage.So not doubt Warner wanted to get this release out of the door , and skimped on coverting the extras ; more likely just padded the release with dvds as they are cheaper to produce . I hate this messing about , only to see a year or two from now , they re-release the set with what should have been there in the first place.I really do n't see any point in buying this stuff anymore , much better to rent with all the re-release of material all the time .
 The original Matrix was perhaps the finest science fiction movie made to date . That is what makes the Director 's cut so disappointing . Although the changes were actually few - there is no narrative from Harrison Ford and the ending changes - it changes the whole picture.The director had done a superb job in creating his future world - it was dark , drear , and gave us a real feeling of hopelessness . But the producers knew what they were doing , obviously , when they insisted on making a few subtle changes before releasing the original movie.The original was dark and pessimistic , but in the end , there was hope - not a storybook ending , but hope.NOrmally you get extra material in the director 's cut . Never have I been so disappointed in a movie as when I ordered the DVD widescreen version and got the Director 's Cut and watched it . I sent it back . Those few changes turned what I thought was the greatest science fiction movie made into a bad movie . Sure , the visuals were great - Ford and Hauer were excellent , as well as the rest of the cast , but too much was missing.Pass on this and wait for the original version to be re-released . Steve in Alexandria
 When Ridley Scott decided to make a movie version of `` Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep , '' he took on a daunting task . This short novel grabs the reader from the beginning and wo n't let go until the story is over . I could n't put it down . To translate that to the screen , Ridley Scott appropriately added a voice over narration to help explain the development of the story . In his director 's cut , he removed this voice over and made it all but impossible to truly understand what is happening in the story . I love this movie , but refuse to buy ... ... the Director 's Cut . Even though I know the story , the film is just not complete without the narration .
 I have read many of the reviews here of the greatness and the glorious descriptions of the Directors cut and I just do see how anyone could write such positive things about a movie that had its heart and soul torn from it . The theatrical release is so much better than the directors ' cut that they are not even in the same league . The directors ' cut is dry , hard to follow and just leaves to with the feeling he did not have a clue in how to tell this story.When you watch the theatrical release , you get so much more information with the narrative added . The narrative is done in a slow , mono tone type of voice that helps paint even a darker picture of the times and what man has done with his scientific know how . Blade Runner is one of the finest science fiction movies made but the Directors ' cut looks and sounds are like taking the world 's finest works of art and painting mustaches on them!Stay with the theatrical release , you will find yourself enjoying it repeatedly . I can hardly wait for the theatrical release to come out on DVD . Save you money and buy that release , you will not be sorry .
 Everyone else is doing it , why not Blade Runner!Where 's the Special Platinum Collector 's Extended Director 's Editorial Criterion Collection Super Duper Edition of this CLASSIC film?Heck , even George Lucas has given in and started releasing the Star Wars movies -LRB- the new ones , of course -RRB- on DVD.This DVD is terrible . It was among the first releases on the new DVD format , and by contemporary standards , it 's just awful . No remastered audio or video . No special features . The only thing that could make it worse would be if you had to flip the disc part-way through the film.For the love of all that is good and holy in this land , PLEASE give us a SPECIAL EDITION of Blade Runner !
 I would like to start out by saying the majority of Mr. Scott 's films are works of art -LRB- e.g. , Gladiator -RRB- . I managed to see -LRB- Uncut , on TV -RRB- The Director 's Cut version of `` Bladerunner '' , and the original version of `` Bladerunner '' , uncut as well . Being quite frank , THE ORIGINAL WAS DEFINITELY BETTER THAN THE CUT . The director 's cut was best left unmade . The narration helped to understand the storyline , and the happy ending should have been left in . Seriously , WHO CARES if it was bad ? It gave a good idea on how the movie SHOULD have ended .
 I 'm afraid this movie has been ruined , like George Lucas 's ` Star Wars ' remake , with the add-ins , that were n't there in the movies first presentation . Even if the voice-over narration is seriously cheesy , the point is that it was there in that period of time , and now has been removed . I purposely give this a one ` star ' because of the deletation of the narration , and please get rid of that ` Unicorn ' , please !
 Ridley Scott is more into visuals than dialog and plot . This much he has admitted in counless interviews.By removing the narration , he leaves the viewer with a lot of pretty pictures and not much else.Even worse , we do n't even have the option of buying the original -LRB- and superior -RRB- version.Bad enough that this adaptation bears little to no resemblance the the Phillip K. Dick novel -LRB- Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? -RRB- it proports to be based on . At least the original was an entertaining film by it 's own rights . Now it lacks any narrative flow or explanation . What a waste .
 First off , let me say that this movie is one of my all-time favorites . I was only 11 when I first saw it in theaters and I did n't quite `` get it '' at the time.In my late teens , I revisited the movie again when it ran on cable and I was able to copy it onto video tape . With my slightly better educated teenage mind , I finally `` got it '' . I had come to the conclusion that Blade Runner was a cinematic masterpiece.The film was perfectly cast -LRB- many of the actors were relatively unkown at the time -RRB- , the special effects were amazing -LRB- even rivaling some of today 's effects standards -RRB- , the costumes , sets , and lighting were extraordinary , the music -LRB- by Vangelis -RRB- was gorgeous and the cinematography was breathtaking.So , why only 2 stars?First off , the DVD transfer is horrible . It 's not much better than the VHS copy I have . I know that the film was digitally remastered and re-released in late 2006 , but I simply refused to buy it again because of my second point : This is the director 's cut . Call me crazy , but I much prefer the original theatrical version . I LIKED Ford 's voice-over narraration . It reminded me of the classic detective serials . Crossing that over to the sci-fi genre was a brilliant move in my opinion.The director 's cut actually took scenes OUT -LRB- with the exception of Deckard 's dream which gave a totally new interpretation of whether or not he was a replicant -RRB- . Usually , a director 's cut is LONGER and includes MORE scenes . Why go to all of the trouble to re-release a film if you 're going to make it shorter and take scenes out ? This was especially hard for me to take when Deckard 's dream sequence replaced the scene where he is half-drunk and plinking away on the piano and we hear an alternate version of the beautiful `` love theme '' . To me , that was an amazing scene and for some reason , Ridley Scott felt that he had to change or eliminate it.Thirdly , the DVD contains no extras to speak of.Rumors have been floating around for years that a definitive `` final cut '' of Blade Runner was to be released on DVD with a lot of extras and bonus features , including the original theatrical version , the director 's cut and the final cut of the film . Due to legal problems and disputes , this never materialized.Luckily , I found this movie for $ 2.50 in the bargain bin at a local store . Otherwise , I would not have paid any real money to own this movie , which is a real shame.This film is a classic and deserves MUCH better treatment . Hopefully , 2007 -LRB- Blade Runner 's 25th birthday -RRB- will prove to be the year that this definitve edition comes to fruition . If and when it does , I will gladly shell out my hard-earned money to own it.Only time will tell ...
 If you do n't already own it , rent this DVD instead and wait -LRB- & pray -RRB- for the 3-Disc version to come out . This is a first-generation barebones DVD without any features . I bought it years ago , when the `` extras '' at the time included a menu and chapter selects , and maybe a few trailers.This movie is an ABSOLUTE must-see , but this DVD is a MUST-AVOID .
 Bladerunner is still one of the finest cyberpunk movie ever made -LRB- Fifth Element do n't even come close -RRB- . When it was first aired , there were so may versions of the film . In my opinion , the European version is the best . It certainly has a lot more violence but it made the movie much clearer with Ford 's narration and the happy ending that made the film less depressing than it already is . Sadly the DVD lacks all this offering us the director 's vision only . Strangely the Criterion Edition LD -LRB- which offers the European version -RRB- has not made it to the DVD . This is sad considering that Ridley Scott 's Legend is given a better treatment on DVD offering two versions of the film in a Collector 's Edition -LRB- the fantastic director 's cut and the horrible U.S version -RRB- . Hopefully , Bladerunner will be rereleased with both European version and director 's cut in the near future -LRB- and possibly a ` making of ' documentary as well -RRB- .
 I too received the duplicated disk five on the disk one in the five disk blu-ray collector 's edition . After I finally realized disk one and disk five were the same , and thanks to Robert D. Walstrom 's comments from 21 January 2009 with the Warner phone number , I contacted Warner on 21 Jun 2010 for the correct disk one . Do n't get to anxious for the replacement disk to arrive . I received mine on 16 July 2010 . I gave the one star simply because of the messed up disk one which was the reason I bought the collection in the first place . Otherwise it would be 5 stars .
 BUYER BEWARE ! i ordered this 5 disc blu ray from usa . now i wished i had n't . it started out being cheaper than ordering from my country canada . it arrived today and disc 5 had a huge crack all the way from the top layer to the bottom . the crack runs from the inner hole to the outside edge . also my first disc is the wrong workprint copy instead of the final cut . i wished i 'd read these reviews first . shame on amazon for shipping known defective products !
 The audio and video looks fine in this version , but I was disappointed that this `` final cut '' version does not have the Harrison Ford narration -LRB- which I like though many do n't -RRB- . The only `` extras '' are a few commentaries , and nothing else . If you just want a Blade Runner version w/o the voice-over on Blu Ray , this should work for you . Otherwise , I 'd get a different version ...
 Harrison Ford is a very talented actor . I love mostly all his movie with few exceptions , this is one of them . I rented this movie thinking it would be thrilling , considering it was directed by Ridley Scott and starred Harrison Ford . Do n't get me wrong , the movie is very visually impressive and is well-directed , but the plot is plain out weird and boring . I felt like I was falling asleep at some parts and then waking up fifteen minutes later not knowing what had happened . I never did fall asleep , it just felt like that . It is worth watching for special effects and direction , but the plot and story is really boring and confusing .
 I do n't know why this is on the top of every greatest sci-fi films list . It is a very slow , dark , and old movie . Barely made it through . Would not watch again .
 As impressive as this movie seemed in the early '80s , `` Blade Runner '' depends on too many trends from that era to take seriously now . The lighting and set design were meant to evoke '40s Film Noir but now remind me of an over-produced MTV video . The acting is of the less-will-seem-like-more-when-it-really-isn ' t school that Robert DeNiro inspired . And except for the schmaltzy `` Tannhauser Gate '' soliloquy , the only memorable line of dialogue is `` Give me more life ... f *** er . `` Worth a rental to take a trip down memory lane , but not worth your money .
 Hey , you figure a director 's cut , man it 's going to be good . I mean the original version was one of the best sci-fi flicks I 'd ever seen . This version was definately NOT needed . Too many nuances that there was just no way you are going to pick up were omitted when the voice overs were cut , that is unless you were a mind reader . The ending is so radically different , I was left wondering what Scott had in mind with this . My original version was on laserdisk and was stolen 2 years ago and since than , I have n't been able to replace it . Damn .
 Whats up , we get ridley 's legend in both versions why not blade runner . I do like this version better , but watching the narated version is like another good type of movie . oh well . Maybe Mr. Scott will someday get off his high horse and let us see the American version as well as his English version .
