 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I bought this last Christmas for my girlfriend and she always wears a2xl but the leeves were huge and long compared to the rest of the shirt . She does n't wear itat all . I should have sent it back , but she insisted on keeping it probably to not hurt my feelings.Materials and zipper were fine . . just poor precision on the sizing part .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 Two corner pieces failed during assambly . Had to spend over $ 50.00 for replacements and 2-day shipping . The day after it was up , I had a fair rain which is not uncommon this time of the year in the Houston area . Water collected in the `` middle edge '' on all 4 sides destroying the stays in the cover . I do not expect this item to last .
 I was happy with these at first . Then I dropped one of the barbells a short distance -LRB- about 2 feet -RRB- while working out and one of the plastic pieces that hold one of the plates broke . Now the barbells are basically useless as I ca n't put themon many of the weight settings . Sadly , I 'm going to throw them out and buy traditional dumbbells . Bowflex should use stronger materials .
 They are good space saving dumbells . I have had mine for 5 months and already both of them have broke . If you drop them when there is a lot of weight on them , like say 50lbs . at the wrong angle , they will brake . The little discs that are connected to the handle part that hold the plates on will snap off like a graham cracker . I completely forgot to send in the warranty registration when I got them , so I am screwed . If you must have these , and dont work out until failure , and set them down gently everytime you use them , theyre for you .
 I was excited to receive these , but within 6 months they were not working well . They do not always pick up all the weights that I adjust them for and occasionally some of the weights slip out after I pick them up . These have been a complete disappointment . I understand , from a personal trainer friend , that the only benefit of these is the brand name - there are a couple of non-Bowflex products that are very similar , cost less and perform better . My discussions with Bowflex for customer service have been completely unproductive . If I could rate these as a zero , I would happily do so .
 Just like everyone has stated , the disks that hold the weights on break even with careful use .
 Just like everyone else is saying , THEY BREAK FAST ! Hardly used them and I was just as delicate as could be . One was loose when it was delivered and soon it started dropping plates from the dumbbell onto my wood floor and nearly took off my big toe . Quality is so poor , these look like class action lawsuit material .
 As soon as I started using these dumbbells , the adjusting mechanism did not work . No matter how carefully I put them in the base , the mechanism would lock up and I could not change the weight . I was able to fix it the first two times I used the product but the 3rd time , it locked up for good.For the amount of money I spent -LRB- $ 400 -RRB- , it 's the worst purchase I 've ever made . I am returning them ASAP . Buyer beware ...
 There is no reason to purchase these dumbells when virtually every other product is of higher quality . These dumbells will shake the entire time you are using them . Bowflex has the best advertising team in fitness , but too bad their product is faulty . I took these back in for sportblocks . Cheaper and better quality .
 After only a year of normal use , the weights will fall off . the chintzy plastic pins that should be keeping the dials from turning wore out and the weights fell on my wife 's toe while she was using them . Bowflex is copping out , leaving me to try to fix these . Buy something else .
 Ive used my dumbbells for about a year . They are nice for saveing space . I lost one 2.5 lbs weight 6 months ago and yesterday I was working out and a ten pound weight fell on my foot . Im going to the doctor tomarrow but im sure its broke . Have to weight untill tomarrow to call customer service sure they will blow me off . Ill let you know how it turns out .
 You can get all the weight ranges offered by the SelecTech dumbbells by getting a pair of handles , 8 10-lb , 4 5-lb and 2 2.5-lb plates -LRB- add 2 1.25-lb plates if you need 2.5-lb increments -RRB- . You can store all of this in a milk crate that takes up the same amount of space as the SelecTechs and weighs the same amount . The whole thing will cost you under $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . If you are willing to pay $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to avoid having to change plate weights a few times per workout , then there 's no hope for you anyway . Go ahead and buy these cheaply made and overpriced pieces of crap .
 I ordered this equipment on December 20th and was told to expect a 3 days delivery . The equipment never showed up . I sent a reply to the seller and was told that the equipment would be shipped -LRB- 3 times ! -RRB- . One month later the equipment was never shipped . This was the worse experience I have had with an on-line purchase .
 I 've had mine for about 3 weeks with some light use . After maybe the 5 or 6 time working out with these dumbbells , one of them would n't let me adjust to a different weight . When I picked it up , a ball bearing fell out!I took it upon myself to take it apart and see the inner working and was disgusted with the lack of quality . At each end is a 19mm bolt that holds everything together . On mine , the bolts were finger loose . That is the reason the bearings fell out . There are plastic gears that fit into metal housings . On mine , one that was completely broken off and two others that were sheered . Could be related to the loose bolts , but hard to believe with the light use before they broke.I do n't see how these dumbbells will hold up to years of use with the combination of metal slots and plastic fittings.Also , I bought the stand for the dumbbells . Do n't waste your money . You 'll get a workout trying to get the holes to align to insert the bolts . Should only be paying $ 50.00 for a stand of this low quality.This will be my first and last Bowflex purchase . Not impressed .
 Like everything else Bowflex makes , the Select Tech 's are a terrible value and poorly made . Give them credit though , they continue to brainwash us all into thinking they actually make a decent fitness product . If you 're in the market for adjustable dumbbells try the Powerblocks or Ironmasters . Both are FAR better constructed and a MUCH better value . For $ 349 , you can purchase a 5-50lb set of powerblocks that can later be upgraded to 90lbs or 130lbs per hand . The Select Tech 's , at $ 400 , will take you to a MAXIMUM weight of 52.5 lbs per hand with no option of upgrading !! Come on Bowflex , at least understand what your competition is doing . After the adjusting mechanism broke on mine causing some of the plates to come flying off , I promptly returned them for Powerblocks and could n't be happier . Weights are much easier to change , it 's constructed from steel vs. plastic , and they are far more evenly balanced than the Select Tech 's . Oh yeah , Powerblocks also have a 10 year warranty vs. the 1 year for Select Tech .
 This is a good product for about 4 months until it falls apart . Everyone i know who has this says the same thing . Your better off just buying dumbells , this product is nice because all in one , but its fairly dangerous . Many times the weights have come apart while ive been lifting . They feel cheap and clunky . However for an all in one weightlifting device its decent . Major improvements need to be made to make it safer though or they will be seeing some law suits in the future .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 This video is much too easy and not beneficial enough to be called a power sculpting with resistance pilates . I have done many pilates videos as well as classes and do know what a pilates workout is supposed to feel like during and after the exercises and this Winsor Pilates is completely useless . Do not waste your money , but instead purchase some of the power yoga dvd 's from Rodney Yee . They are fantastic .
 I love pilates , I love Yoga and I was always curios about Winsor Pilates . I find it boring , I never saw results , and maybe it is just not my style.Think twice before you buy it
 I bought this product hoping to remove a body oils stain from people sitting on a very nice leather couch.The cleaner did nothing . Almost looks worse then before the cleaner . Would not suggest for leather furniture
 I bought these pants because the Uhlsport pants that I had before had been abused for two years and needed replacement . I should 've stuck with a reputable brand that has been used by top goalkeepers for ages.These pants tore in the groin area after their third use . This was n't the mini tear that nobody sees ; it was a 7 '' tear that everybody could see . Had I not been wearing compression shorts under the pants , my private area would 've been fully exposed to everybody who stared . This situation is unacceptable for a relatively new pair of pants . As a disclaimer , no , they were n't tight on me and I 'm not fat . The padding , however , was good on these pants.Do yourself a favor and stick to respected brands like Reusch or Uhlsport when you buy goalkeeper stuff . You 'll be happy you paid the premium when you most need it .
 This review is for a Schwinn 112 , but the four Schwinn exercise bikes in the title are identical except for `` trim level '' . The main structure , drive mechanism , seats , and handlebars are the same . Differences between them include a backlit LCD on the computer , number of exercise programs in the computer , regular or wide pedals and seat , and a small fan at the top of the display.I purchased it on-line from Dick 's Sporting Goods web site for $ 299 . However , eight different on-line retailers of this unit were all quoting the same price and shipping costs . Upon further examination -LRB- looking at the page source in the browser -RRB- , I discovered that all eight web sites were delivering the same web content from the same server . In other words , you may think that they are separate on-line stores , but they are actually eight store _ brands _ putting their face on only one on-line source carrying this unit.Pros : The bike is comfortable , quiet and well-designed . Handlebars are adjustable about 2 inches horizontally and 90 or so degress in tilt.Seat is well padded and has a small depression down the middle to help prevent loss of blood flow to reproductive organs . Seat is adjustable about a foot in height , 3 inches horizontally , and a useful amount in tilt.Pedals have adjustable straps to hold feet in or to allow upward pulling while pedaling.I do n't use the exercise programs in the computer , so I ca n't review that , but to start up only requires pressing the quick start button and however many presses you wish on the plus sign to increase resistance . Heart rate minitoring takes a little too long -LRB- about 30 seconds -RRB- to settle on a consistent reading.Cons : Just as at least three other reviewers have noted , my bike was delivered with a flaw . Every time the pedals moved , the bike screamed like a banshee . Examining inside the plastic cover of the drive mechanism , I found a spring in constant contact with the flywheel ; every time the flywheel moved , the spring sang . Schwinn Fitness support -LRB- M-F , 8-5 PST/PDT -RRB- said the flywheel may have shifted during shipment.They did not agree to let me take it to an authorized Schwinn service center , but rather mailed me the tool for me to pull the cranks off and fix it myself . They also took eight days longer than necessary to mail it to me.It turns out that the placement of the flywheel and spring is likely to cause others to experience this problem . The flywheel mount seems to be randomly positioned laterally on the frame . I had to take spacers and extra nuts off of one side of the flywheel axle and move them to the other in order to get it out of the way of the spring but still aligned with the drive belt.Overall , I ca n't recommend this unit unless you get it at a store that will assemble it for you and verify that it 's right , and that places its cost at or above other bikes in its class .
 Well I purchased this bike because I previously had a Schwinn recumbent bike that I was pretty happy with but had to sell it because I moved . I 'm very disappointed with this upright bike though . I think the seat is very very uncomfortable , so uncomfortable that I do n't want to use the product . The seat design in itself it horrible . The way it bolts on is a little strange , and it appears all the Schwinn upright models are like this . Even though I have the seat bolted down all the way , it still wiggles . As others have mentioned , my box came trashed all ripped and with holes in it . In fact , the UPS driver actually told me that I might want to refuse the product , but I took it anyways . I think I 'm going to attempt to return this if possible . Although the entire process is a huge hassle since I work everyday , the box is trashed , and how heavy the product is . I also had to help the UPS driver carry it up to my 3rd floor apt . I do n't recommend any Schwinn upright bikes , although I likes their recumbent series . I hope Amazon will help me come up with a solution to return this .
 Unfortunately , never got a chance to test the bike . It arrived at the shipping dock so broken that I refused delivery . I read where a couple other reviewers experienced the same problem . Amazon might want to take a look at their choice of shippers for such items .
 Upon arrival the computer was screwed up and would n't work . Called Schwinn and they wanted me to go out and buy an expensive set of specialized tools and fix it myself . Yeah , right ! I made them send out a repairman . Three weeks later , I had a working bike . While working , this bike is excellent , I must admit . However , less than two months later while riding , all resistance disapperared and I got the same error sign on the console . I never took the bike over level three and rode three times a week for 30 minutes , not exactly a heavy workload for an exercise bike . Back came the repairman , who promised it back to me in a week . It is now six weeks later , and still no bike . $ 349 . is a lot to pay for a bike that only works for two months .
 I too read all the great reviews and was impressed with the Schwinn 112 -LRB- same as 113 without the fan -RRB- . Then after one great week the console flashed the dreaded `` E-2 '' and the bike no longer worked . Apparently many have had this error . I called schwinn they sent new console and cord about a week later . They say it could be electric and or the motor . Same `` E-2 '' problem . So I 'm back to contacting Shwinn again . I did some more research and found many have had the same experience with `` E-2 '' error . When I buy a product I expect it to work unless it gets damaged in shipping . This sounds like bad quality control thats been happening more frequently . I wanted the bike for the execise , not for a `` get it fixed '' project . Be aware ...
 I too read all the great reviews and was impressed with the Schwinn 112 . Then after one great week the console flashed the dreaded `` E-2 '' and the bike no longer worked . Apparently many have had this error . I called schwinn they sent new console and cord about a week later . They say it could be electric and or the motor . Same `` E-2 '' problem . So I 'm back to contacting Shwinn again . I did some more research and found many have had the same experience with `` E-2 '' error . When I buy a product I expect it to work unless it gets damaged in shipping . This sounds like bad quality control thats been happening more frequently . I wanted the bike for the execise , not for a `` get it fixed '' project . Be aware ...
 Like others who wrote reviews , we received this item with a damaged part . The black protective covering that goes over the silver bar that is the base of the bike , was cracked . I just left a message with customer service , and made it clear that I wanted replacement without cost . My fingers are crossed that works out ! Anyway , the bike itself seems fine we just set it up , and I like the low noise factor and size is small and portable .11 / 2011Part was replaced -- works great ! Very happy with the unit !
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 I bought this hoping I would get the warmest of the warm because it was 900 fill . Turns out my 12 year old cheapy Columbia jacket has more substance . This jacket is very light and dainty . I live in Montana and was hoping for something a little more utilitarian . It has no inside pockets . I 've only worn it a couple of times and have noticed down feathers making their way out of the super thin fabric . When my dog jumps up on me I 'm terrified the fabric will shred to pieces . I will have to wear it under my protective shell to keep it safe . It is very attractive . However , I would n't want to depend on it in seroius weather . There is just nothing to it , and it is n't very warm . I ca n't believe I spent so much money on a thin layer to my winter clothing .
 Wally world has similar size & weight in the flower arrangement dept. They are clear glass & 3 lbs . bag is $ 4.00 .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Worst watch I have ever bought . I received it yesterday , and it 's in the trash today . As soon as I put it on , the pins holding the links together began falling out . The wrist band was instantly scratched almost as if it has a fake stainless coating . For being a `` Swiss made '' master time piece that is supposed to have had extensive hours devoted to quality and craftsmen ship , the outer time ring did not line up with the numbers , and yes I turned it , and the second hand started at 7 seconds off instead of at 12 when you reset the chronograph . I do n't ever write reviews on products , but I am so disgusted with this POS that I wanted to keep anyone else from wasting their money .
 i bought this watch from justcalculators . it worked fine in the pool , shower . but when i took it diving to 20m , it leaked . and now i ca n't get casio to stand behind it , and fix it for me . although i had it for only 4 months . it sucks . i am upset . wont ever buy one of these again , although this was my third . i am disgusted !!
 I purchased this product a long time ago . When I initially started using the LTT , I felt like it was an amazing product . I was getting my heartrate up , I felt great doing it , I could feel my legs talk to me , and any problems seemed minimal.After a week or so -LRB- it 's been awhile here , so forgive me for uncertainty of timing -RRB- , my joints from hips to feet started having pains throughout normal activities . I initially attributed it to needing new shoes , and purchased some . The pain persisted.I have a friend , who at about the same time I developed pains in my joints , mysteriously had trauma occur to her knees . I did n't know it , but she had also recently been using the LTT . From the advice of another friend , my friend discontinued the use of her LTT . Her knee has since returned to its normal condition.I was n't convinced that the LTT might have been the problem for me , but to play it safe I attempted abstaining from exercising with it . My aches cleared up . After being ache-free , I decided to try the LTT again . Almost immediately , I could feel sharp pains in the lower portion of my knees . My boyfriend tried using it , in case it was just an issue with me . He has never had knee issues and experienced a similar pain.As I sought answers to my concern if any others have had this problem , I read another reviewer post about this . Many give it positive reviews , and my initial trial seemed fine . In case it is just that I am so unlucky -LRB- and the others around me , it would appear -RRB- , I rated it two stars instead of only one . Fair warning though , the money and the pain it can bring may not be worth even entertaining the concept of `` trying it out . ''
 At first I was skeptical about this machine , but once I tried it out for my self guess what ... I was completely disappointed . I was genious of them to give the consumer a 30 money back guarantee because , to my surprise , it broke after 40 days . I have wasted a hundred buck on a machine that did not work anything at all and broke after a month . I might be cheap for somebody like , o I do n't know , a doctor or an architect , but I 'm a student and 100 bucks is a lot of money . I wanted something compact for my apartment . Do n't buy this product !!!
 I purchased the LTT at a Target store . I was in the process of moving and when I finally got it out of the box and tried it out , I had misplaced the receipt . The first couple of days were great . I would use it for about a half hour to an hour a day . I normally walk but wanted something to work on more target groups . Well , after about a week , I noticed a catch in my knee . I stopped using it for a while and restarted a few weeks later . The same thing happened again and the machine began making a creaking noise . I have since discontinued using it but periodically my knee will catch now if I am doing any type of hiking over hilly terrain . I now wish I never bought the machine .
 I have attempted to use this machine several different times and each time my knees really ache after 2-3 days of use . I thought it was just me until I read the reviews . I would not recommend this product if you have any problems with your knees , which I do not and I intend to keep it that way !
 I have attempted to use this machine several different times and each time my knees really ache after 2-3 days of use . I thought it was just me until I read the reviews . I would not recommend this product if you have any problems with your knees , which I do not and I intend to keep it that way !
 I absolutely loved the machine , it was easy to use and really provided a great workout . But the right step broke after six months . How much does a gym membership cost ?
 Just wanted to echo what I have read here and experienced myself
 If you have read the majority of the reviews for this product you quickly get the idea . Mine worked for about 15 minutes before the bearing started to sieze . When I received a replacement , it worked for about 30 minutes before the same thing happened.I am surprised that Amazon still offers such a clearly defective product . It certainly does their image no good .
 When I first bought this product I lost about 15 pounds in two months , but a few months after , the chain broke . I bought another one because the first had worked so well -LRB- and I thought I had done something to make the thing break -RRB- but then that one broke as well ! About a year later my boyfriend surprised me with another , more compact one , but , ok course , this one is right at the brink of breaking down ! This worked , but it was definatly not worth the $ 250 all together !
 I can not tell you how I like this item because I have not received it yet . I ordered this item almost a month ago . I was told it would ship in two days . After a weeks went by , I finally contacted sports.com and they informed me that the item had been delayed and that they would contact me when it was shipped . Obviously they would not have told me about the delay , I had to ask them . Over a week later I received another e-mail from them saying that the trike I ordered was delayed . I DID N'T ORDER A TRIKE . I ordered the lateral thigh trainer . I contacted them by e-mail and was told `` oh , sorry , our mistake '' It was also my understanding that my credit card would n't be charged until the item was shipped . The item was SUPPOSEDLY shipped on the 30th of October but my credit card was charged weeks earlier on October 8th . By the way , I still have not received the lateral thigh trainer . Now I 'm out the money and still have not received what I ordered . I have had a lot of luck with Amazon.com and thought the stores they deal with would have the same excellent service . I was wrong . I will NEVER order from this company again .
 I have had this machine for just over a year . While I like the very low impact of it -LRB- your feet never leave the pads -RRB- , I am thoroughly disgusted with the noise it makes . I have greased every single moving part of it and it makes such a high-pitched , ear-killing screech that it is now rendered unusable.It is a good workout for your thighs and rear , but I am extremely disappointed in it . I would not recommend buying it .
 After using it 3 times , the thing began to squeek with each step . WD40 did n't help and it sure made a mess of things . Maximum resistance was n't much at all . And here 's the worst part
 I bought the extended warranty - thank goodness !!! because I went through one trainer every 30 days . These machines are garbage , the people who made these machines rely on people who purchase the machine and then do n't use it . I used it every day for 30 minutes and returned 3 machines . The first problem
 I bought my LTT about a year ago to help get rid of the baby fat I had gained from my pregnancy . I used it 6 days a week for 30 min . and also used 5 lb . free weights while using the machine . It started squeking about three months after I bought it but it was n't too much of an annoyance with the TV on however , the chain has broken four times already and the hook that connects the chain has now broken . I only weigh 156 pounds , so I ca n't be the problem . My husband has fixed it everytime that it has broke but when the hook that connects the chain broke last night , my husband suggested buying something else because it is becoming time consuming and costly to fix this machine every other day -LRB- literally -RRB- . &#60; br / &#62; I would say spend your money on something else , although heavy , the gears and chain construction is not good .
 My wife bought the LTT about a year ago , from the info-mercial , for waaay too much money -LRB- total was around $ 175 -RRB- . It 's largely gone un-used , and even with that , it is malfunctioning and breaking . I repaired it once -LRB- got rid of metal shavings in the bearings ... clearly they used the lowest quality possible -RRB- , and two weeks later , it is already malfunctioning again . The movement is not smooth , the stance required is unnatural -LRB- pigeon-toed -RRB- , and it only works my quads . I 'm throwing this thing away , as I get a much better workout from climbing real stairs .
 My boyfriend and I have only had the Lateral Thigh Trainer for about 2 weeks now . I bought it from a Target store so I did n't have to deal with shipping , good thing cause it 's very heavy . So this is what we 've found : &#60; br / &#62; 1 -RRB- I do n't really feel like I 've exercised , even after doing 500-1000 steps non-stop . There 's a small feeling of exercising my calfs and thighs , but I get a better workout going up the 40 stairs to my office at work . And there 's no way it 's working my abs . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; 2 -RRB- Machine puts you in horrible positions . Your feet are asked to stand in a pigeon-toed position which is very unnatural and it makes my ankles hurt . Definitely not recommended for a person with joint problems . Plus when standing on it , I find myself swaybacked trying to keep my balance and gain a sense of standing in a stable position , so it puts a ton of pressure on my lower back . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; 3 -RRB- Machine 's tension settings are n't challenging . The pedal positions are too awkward for you to safely go at a fast pace , and the `` slow burn '' setting is hardly challenging . Even if I put it all the way to that setting , only after doing 50-100 step the lever has creeped its way to the easy setting . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; On the plus side , the motion is simple enough that you can do it while watching TV or playing video games . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; I guess this maching is ok if you do n't have a bad back or joint problems , but I think your money would be better invested in a standard stepper . &#60; br / &#62;
 Stay far away from anything to do with sportrus.com !! The service is horrible . I order 3 weeks ago . My credit card was charged the day after I ordered and I was told it would be shipped the next day - 2 weeks later still no item . I contacted sportrus.com only to find out the e-mail address I was given was invalid . I finally got a valid e-mail address from Amazon only to be told that I knew it would be delayed when I purchased and that it had continued to be on back order and the Trikk would be shipped as soon as they came in stock . So this review is about the lateral thigh trainer - I never ordered a Trikk . They also told me my credit card would not be changed until the item was ready to be shipped -LRB- right - I have been getting interest on it are they going to pay it back ? -RRB- I have sent multiple e-mails asking why I was charged and still no order - they are not answering . I will never use this company again . : -LRB-
 This is not as easy as it looks on tv . Thats fine and I dont mind the challenge . However , the motion is not as smooth as they make it seem on tv . Im pretty coordinated and dont have difficulty find a rhythm but the motion seems jerky and like it sticks . I oiled the places it suggestied in the guidbook but I dont think it helped at all . It definitely doesnt look or feel like it would hold up to daily use for even a few months . SAVE YOUR MONEY ! I saw a lot of negative reviews about customer service however I havent dealt with them so my review is soley based on the product .
 i got one for 5 bucks at a lawn sale -LRB- ok 10 bucks i just wanted to make myself appear more clever -RRB- , got it home used it 10 minutes and it started squeaking and sticking.looks like i now have `` someone else 's troubles '' , at least it was n't a car.It looks like i 'll never know for sure seeing as the machine went `` puff '' and i 'm not about to invest anything to get it fixed , but the thing about the knee twist , well there could be something to that.The LTT seems like a piece of equipment meant to be used sparingly to not at all , so it should be easy to find at a lawn sale.Don ' t be stupid like me though , make your 5.00 offer and if they do n't take it , leave !
 I was so excited about receiving the Laterial thigh trainer . I popped in the video and followed the instructions . Later I noticed my back hurt . Then I noticed every time I used the system that my back hurt for days . Not only the back pain , but the system is super heavy . I think it is a joke .
 I only used it twice , I could n't stand the noise it made . Poorly designed . I would NOT get this product !!
 The commercial makes this look so easy but if you have bad knees , forget it . I 'm 54 , arthritic and out of shape . I could not use this machine for longer than 3 minutes at a time . It was a waste of my money and I gave it to my daughter who is using it . The bottom line is , you have to be in decent shape to use this or else it just sits on the floor gathering dust .
 I purchased this item in Dec 08 as a replacement to my first one - I wore it out . From the time I got it it was a piece of junk and it was not damaged in transit . I made a few attempts at modifying/adjusting the mechanics but the noise it made - popping and gear slipping never subsided . I placed a call to the company that sent it to inquire on a warrenty and what it was . I ended up speaking with a `` customer service '' rep in Canada who spoke very poor english and told me that the noise was normal and that they would not honor the warrenty . DO NOT BUY THIS unless you see it first .
 Written as William 's Son : Performance wise , this pogo stick works quite well , jumping to heights of about 3 - 4 feet . However , the pogo stick has some major problems :1 . It makes much more noise than most people admit . It 's loud .2 . This is the major one . The thrusters on mine began to wear out in LESS THAN A MONTH . That 's a month of 2 weeks frequent jumping and 2 weeks of unuse . THat 's a problem . Another is the shock absorbers . They came out following the 2 weeks of unuse.The pogo stick worked well ... until the parts started flying . Two point five stars .
 Purchased pogo stick as a Christmas gift . Received package CLEARLY showing what item was in box . You would think company would have some Discrition in packaging around holidays . But , that is not the worst of it . The pogo stick broke within 15 days of using . What a waste of money . I write company about my unhappiness not one person replied . Talk about terrible customer service and not even caring to make it right . Again , big waste do n't spend your money . You do n't get what you pay for .
 I bought this thing so I could jump really high . I am about 165 lbs and I have it set to jump as high as it can go and it will only jump about 1 foot . There is no way you can get this thing to jump 4 foot in the air , it is not worth the money the the bar in the middle is really wide , it feels very funny riding on it .
 For the most part , this is a good pogo stick . But it breaks all the time ! Unless you have a lot of time to wait for flybar to send you replacement parts in the mail , and even that is only free for a year , i would suggest you get a Vertego V3 . it gets more hight , and because its a spring system , and not a rubber band system , it dose n't constantly break . I would strongly advise against buying this overpriced piece of crap . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 This is the 2nd Flybar product I have purchased for my son . The first one was the Super Pogo II , which has a poor design , the cotter pin kept breaking , the Flybar company were very helpful , they mailed us out replacement parts very quickly and without question . But it broke again and again , so we finally threw it out . Then we purchased this one , the 800 ! With the thick rubber bands , surely this design would be stronger , better ? No . Out of the 8 rubber bands inside , 5 broke within days of each other . My son is well within the weight limit and I just do n't have confidence in the Flybar Brand anymore . Wo n't buy another one !
 My son saved his allowance and did extra work so that he could purchase this . When finally he saved enough , we ordered and he loved it immediately . It does bounce very high -LRB- but not scary high -RRB- and the ride seems smooth . He wanted me to write a very positive review the very next day so that everyone would know what a great product it was.However , within two days a thruster broke . We contacted the manufacturer who gladly replaced it with not only one thruster but TWELVE . Wow , I thought , how generous . It quickly became apparent why they sent so many out -- they break very , VERY easily . At least six of ours have broken in less than a month . At this rate the life expectancy of this pogo stick is extremely limited , and we are very disappointed.This product is fun for a day , and then it starts to break . Not worth the $ 200 .
 We ordered this product back on august 26th ... supposedly it had shipped on the 31st ... well we were still sitting here in the middle of september and it still had not arrived . we then started calling around to find out where it was , only to find out that not only did they NOT use UPS as the shipper as the order had stated , they went with abf . No problem , right ? wrong !! They said that they had delivered it to us on the 10th of september , which was bs , since someone is here at home at all times . Upon calling and emailing several more times to get to the bottom of this , we find out that it had not shipped at all but it was in fact sitting on a dock somewhere and had been for the past few weeks !!! why , do you ask ??? all because they didnt have our phone number . So were they going to sit on our item till hell froze over ??? probably !! Till I filed a claim with amazon ... then i got action ... the item finally arrived on 9/22 . End of story , right ? WRONG AGAIN !!! We open this box , yesterday , to put it together ... and what did we see , but a slate table that had a crack running nearly the full length of the table , broken pieces from this crack laying all over the inside of the box ... well if that wasnt bad enough , once we got it upright , we noticed that it wasnt just on the bottom but broken pieces also could be seen under the felt . I immediately wrote this company , again and demanded that they rectify the situation ... all they would tell me is that a claim would be filed , well that is all well and good , but where does that leave us ??? we paid over $ 700 for this item and it is virtually useless and unusable . I would never buy from this company again -LRB- nor would i ever use abf as a shipping company now that i see how negligent they are -RRB- ... and if amazon is smart they will not let atafa sell merchandise thru their company again .
 As a Spyderco owner I have always wanted to acquire this model . Upon arrival I discovered that the blade did n't fit properly in the handle when closed . Only the tip of the blade was retracted in the handle - the serrated portion was totally exposed with a clear gap visible above the handle . I compared this with other samples and this was not correct . Although Spyderco offered to accept under warranty and refund shipping costs I did not want to go thru this hassle for such a basic QC failure . Returned for refund .
 I purchased champion ping pong balls recently ; the product was described as the following : `` Champion Sports 3 Star White Table Tennis Balls One Dozen Ping Pong Balls `` Either the product description which is provided by the seller is deceptive or something else happened because I paid for two dozen ping pong balls but I got only a dozen in the box that I received today .
 The item looks just as it is represented . However , I doubt this is 440 grade stainless and , if it is , it is likely 440A grade not 440C . I used it to trim a shrub on my patio and several a 1/2 '' bends and dents appeared in the edge of the blade ; and a 1-1/2 '' section of the edge chipped off . The shrub was a soft wood and certainly not formidable against any blade . I would characterized this item for decorative use . I am going to try to return it . So if you are shopping for looks only its a good buy .
 This blade looks cool in the pictures , and has a nice hefty weight to it ... However , that is where the coolness ends . It is a prop to hang on your wall and that 's it . I took it out to do some light brush clearing -LRB- vines and branches less than 3 '' thick -RRB- on the back of my property and the edge of the blade rolled over in 4 spots in less than 5 minutes . This thing is a total piece of junk . Supposedly , it is stainless ; but if it is , then it is not a forged blade -LRB- -LSB- probably just raw steel that has been machined to shape with no heat treatment at all -RRB- . Honestly , my $ 5 wal-mart machete was a better value.If you want a machete that is going to actually be useful , spend the extra $ 20 and get the Gerber `` Bear Gryll 's '' licensed one . It takes a bit of getting used to because it is a parang style blade ... but that thing is amazing . I can not only clear brush , but I have used it to cut down small trees -LRB- less than 6 '' in diameter -RRB- and I have n't needed to sharpen it yet . -LSB- ... -RSB- As for this kukhri blade , I 'm going to take it to a black smith friend to see if he can salvage it ... Then I 'll dip the handle in a vulcanizer -LRB- rubber coat -RRB- ... the handle is pretty , but it 's really slippery , and that 's a BIG no-no when working with a blade ... especially in the woods where help is a far cry away.-Johnny
 This was a complete waste . The disc would not hold any air when even the smallest amount of pressure was put on it . I could not press on it with my hand , much less sit or stand on it . After spending a couple days trying to find a way to work with the disc , I gave up and called the company to return the disc and request a refund . After dealing with the slightly incompetent customer service person on the phone -LRB- She had to put me on hold to find the answer to everything I asked -RRB- I was given an address to ship the disc to and assured that the credit would be put back on account with Amazon since I had paid with a gift certificate . It has been a week and a half and I have recieved no sign/notification of the refund . So for now , I have not only lost the gift certificate that I used to pay for the disc and shipping in the first place , but am also out the money I paid to ship it back to them.They may call themselves `` Best Priced Products '' - but in my experience they sell some very poorly made products backed up by an ineffecient and sluggish company .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 The face is very small and looks like a women 's watch . Looks much nicer on line than it does in person . Looks cheap . You can get watches from a gum ball machine that look nicer .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 I recently purchased the `` UTG Airsoft Deluxe Tactical Vest -LRB- Black -RRB- '' from the AIRGUN Place seller . I also purchased the `` UTG Tactical Vest -LRB- ARMY DIGITAL -RRB- '' which got shipped from Amazon.com . I must say that the `` UTG Airsoft Deluxe Tactical Vest -LRB- Black -RRB- '' ca n't hold a candle to the `` UTG Tactical Vest -LRB- ARMY DIGITAL -RRB- '' . Some of the black version must be either some kind of cheap knock off versions , or it 's just a cheaper made UTG vest made for air gunners.The `` UTG Airsoft Deluxe Tactical Vest -LRB- Black -RRB- '' vest has no `` UTG '' logo on the back side of the vest and is missing two hand gun magazine pockets on the front of the main belt . The materials of the black one are by far not as good as the `` real '' UTG Tactical Vest in ARMY DIGITAL . The cheap made black vest also STINKS , there is a extremely cheap made rubber hose build into the shoulder part of the vest which is supposed to reenforce the shoulder part of the vest.Stay away from the `` UTG Airsoft Deluxe Tactical Vest -LRB- Black -RRB- '' vest ! Go ahead and buy the original `` UTG Tactical Vest '' it 's a very well made Tactical vest which will last a long time . Just be careful what vest you put into your shopping cart ! Read carefully the name of the idem/vest . It should be called `` UTG Tactical Vest '' and not `` UTG Airsoft Deluxe Tactical Vest -LRB- Black -RRB- '' ! I would also suggest you to not buy from AIRGUN PLACE which shipped the stinky knock off vest to my house . I contacted them after I found out that they shipped the wrong vest to me . They answered quick and offered me to return the idem for refund , but there was no return shipping label in the email I got from them , just a return shipping address . They also said that my vest is the exact same vest as the other ones on Amazon . Well no , it 's not because the vest they shipped me has flaws , is made much cheaper , it 's missing two pockets , and it stinks horrible , compared with the original UTG vest . I wrote another email and asked if I get a prepaid return shipping label from them or not . Still have n't heart anything from them . I do n't know if I am eligible to get a free return shipping label for my idem or not . But still , they could at lest answer my question.AGAIN , get the original `` UTG Tactal Vest '' it 's a very good vest , I would give it 10 stars if I could . Do n't buy the `` UTG Airsoft Deluxe Tactical Vest -LRB- Black -RRB- '' it 's a knock off and is not worth the money . And do n't buy from AIRGUN PLACE !
 even though it 's only 35 bucks or so its not worth it . cheaply made , everything 's velcro attached and not customizable . holster is too small for much of anything . i got a better vest for $ 10 at a gun show .
 the velcro is pretty lame . . i ve had other tactical vest and was hoping this one would match up ... it does n't . literally the pouches that velcro on ... once you take them off . . they will not stick back on.a real dissapointment
 I got this and the first thing I did was to remove the cross draw pistol holster and try and attach it to the belt . Well not only was the belt material frayed to begin with , but when I attached the pistol holster the hard side of the velcro abraded it even more . You CAN NOT use the pistol holster for anything but attaching to the front of the vest because the hard side of the velcro is on the entire back of the holster including the inside of the belt loop . It will tear up any fabric or scratch and wear any leather . If you have clothes on it will abrade your clothes . If you have no shirt on you it will abrade your skin . So I attached a new belt holster for my .40 and that worked , but when I put another 40 into the cross draw it started to make noise every time I would sit down , and it was not very secure in my opinion . The whole thing is really designed for light air pistols . When fully loaded with a hydration unit , and all clip pouches filled , it really starts to get bad . The zipper is plastic , and it starts to pull under tension . They should have put some straps across the front to help make it more secure and take the stress off the plastic zipper . I am not expecting much for 50 bucks , but it should be designed a little better . It 's is a great toy for kids.I will get something that is molle compliant and made in the USA like a tactical tailor .
 I guess this review has n't been helpful . Time to rewrite.This vest is pretty well made . It seems pretty sturdy and rugged for the most part . And there is MOLLE webbing on the back to add pouches and hydration modules . For those traits I can not fault this vest.It is not truly adjustable . There are hook and loop straps over the shoulders to adjust the height of it , but they do n't stay put very well . I suppose a person could use zip ties or something to keep the hook and loop together , or just tape . But then if you switch from warm weather to cool weather you have to undo it so it fits over your heavier clothing . Also , the adjustable buckle straps on the sides do not stay put , so you ca n't very well adjust the girth either . This is more of an annoyance to me , and there are work arounds that will keep it adjusted properly . So I do n't fault it much for that.It is also a bit bulky . That 's to be expected for the most part ; however , the large pouch just under the front of the right shoulder really gets in the way when mounting a long arm . This can be a huge problem if you are in a hurry -LRB- quick shots on unexpected targets -RRB- and can ruin your form . That pouch should be eliminated all together.Now for my primary complaint . The pistol holster is too small . I 'm sure you can fit most automatic pistols in the holster , especially 9mm pistols and single stacked .45 . My H&K ; USP .45 will not fit . It is not any wider than any other modern double stacked .45 , and is n't incredibly long either . It should fit , but it does not . The strap that holds the pistol in is also not adjustable to a long enough length to be very useful . Again , with smaller guns this wo n't be a problem.Finally , and most frustrating , are the pistol mag pouches . These are not adjustable and will not fit my relatively common sized mags at all . The H&K ; uses a 12 round double stacked mag . This should fit , or the pouch should be length adjustable -LRB- like the Condor Triple Kangaroo Pouches -RRB- . It is not.Therefore , this vest is useless to me . I plan on purchasing a 9mm soon , but I doubt I ever use this vest again . I will not say it is useless for everyone . It seems to be designed more for the airsoft community perhaps . I would n't neccessarily recommend it becuase of it 's lack of true adjustability and the fact that it is not a universal equipment vest .
 STOP !!!!! BUYING UTG TACTICAL VESTS WITH RUBBER SHOULDER RIFLE REST . THE RUBBER IS MADE OUT OF CHINESE RUBBER STINKS , SMELLS AWFULL . IT SMELLS LIKE `` MAZOT '' WHICH IS DIESEL FUEL . THEY MUST OF USE CHEAP PETROL BASE MATERIAL . DO NOT BUY ANY CHINESE ITEM MADE WITH RUBBER . I THOUGHT `` UTG '' COMPANY WAS MANUFACTURING IN THE UNITED STATES.HOW DO WE FIND OUT IF THE ITEMS ARE WE ARE BUYING MADE IN CHINESE RUBBER . FROM NOW ON WE HAVE TO ASK , BECAUSE EVERYTHING IS BEING MADE IN CHINA NOW ... AND ASK BEFORE BUYING A RUBBER MADE ITEM ; IF IT IS MADE IN CHINA DO NOT BUY , BECAUSE AS I AM WRITNG THIS ARTICLE MY HOUSE STINKS WITH THIS UTG TACTICAL VEST I AM GETTING A HEAD ACHE , SO I MA GOING TO PUT IN THE PACKAGE AND SEND IT BACK TO AMAZON ... BUHUMBUG !!! : -LRB-
 After reading the reviews here for this product , some even describing how good this product is for various field applications , I figured it would be ok for the Range and utility . Not even close.The zipper tore the second time I put it on , while I was trying to adjust everything . None of the Velcro `` MOLLE '' knock off acc . would stay on either . The `` quick draw vest '' support anchors make it difficult to use effectively . Also the holster will not support any attachments on a handgun.Returned it , bought a better brand . Amazon was awesome per usual during the return process.After my experience with this UTG product I will never try UTG gear again . There is a reason its cheaper . Buy Maxpedition .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 I got this watch for Christmas 2011 and was excited because the band was material , not plasctic . Much to my surprise , the band is not 100 % material . Rather is is cloth fibers stuck onto a plastic band . I have had this watch for 1.5 months and only wear it on the weekend and the band is already fraying at the edge . It is scratchy and difficult to put on because not only has the material frayed , so has the plastic that the material is attached to making the edge sharp and causing it to catch on the loop . The watch itself does the job , but I would stay away from this band . Of course the watch has a 1 year warranty , but guess what , the band is not part of the warranty . Looks like I will have to go find a new watch band .
 This is the worst watch I ever bought . I am so disappointed in it . It 's a piece of junk , and I wish I 'd never wasted the money on it . DO NOT INVEST IN THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE!@!!
 Poor quality . Button fell out of mine also and water leeked in . The watch was only week old . Not much of a sport watch . I loved it and was so disappointed . You get what you pay for !
 The watch was great at first . Very easy to operate the stop watch . However , the mode button fell off and then water leaked in and steamed up the face of the watch .
 It was a nice watch and I really liked it when I first got it . I set the time and put it on . The next morning when I woke up I discovered that the `` set '' button had fallen off at some point . Without it you ca n't set the time or the alarm , so I returned it .
 The watch is cute and water resistant but hard to use . I even tried googling the directions but I could n't find good help . I would n't recommend this watch if you are not tech savy .
 I bought this watch based on other positive feedback . I got it and put it on and then I took it right back off . The band of the watch is very scratchy and I am not able to wear it for very long . Bad decision !!!!
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 this thing fell apart as soon as i took it out of the package , do yourself a favor , go to walmart & buy their 's it 's only a couplebucks . i had to redo the ends & fix it myself . also the cord is toothick to thread the eyelets on the rim .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 I bought 5 shirts and ordered all XL size . Two looked about the size of medium and the other three were the size of large -LRB- none fit -RRB- and yet all 5 had the XL tag in the back . I ordered 5 more shirts from another manufacturer and the xl sizes fit perfectly . Buyer beware of the sizes when you order , they are not common sizes and you will have to pay shipping costs to return them .
 I am totally agreeing with another poster about the size problem . I ordered a XL and it is more like a Medium . Very unhappy . Do n't go by the sizing chart , it does n't hold true . I doubt I will order a Reebok item again . A customer should n't have to pay shipping an item back that is not as descibed ...
 I ordered 2 XL Tshirts , one black and one gray . I got 1 gray and 1 pink , both said XL on them , but one was 2 sizes smaller .
 I usually love MSR products , but this one is disappointing . It 's well made but the nozzle on the end of this shower is pretty lame . I understand you 're not gon na get a full blast of water in a camp shower in order to conserve water but this shower gives you a weak trickle . I love MSR products but this one is just ok IMO
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 The headline copy for this product says `` Padded Dividers '' . But the product arrived with pick and pluck foam .
 Dividers are NOT included with this item and the foam sucks at best.I will be returning it as soon as the mail truck rolls back around .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 This sleeper that claims to be a big double sleeping bag is actually smaller than 2 sleeping bags put together . is that a double bag ? then to top it off it only has a zipper on one side . now this is a thick sleeping bag , but if you get hot and ca n't open the zipper it is a nightmare . also if you get claustrophobic -LRB- spelling error ! -RRB- you ca n't sleep on the inside , and my pregnant wife needs to be able to get in from the side . we wanted to return it , but spending $ 35 to send it back defeats the purpose when we only paid 87 dollars for it in the first place . if the other stuff is n't enough the bag that comes with it is at least 6 inches smaller than it should be . you should be able to get it in and then use the compression straps . we had enought trouble getting it in the dang bag . needless to say we are looking for another bag that at least has zippers on both sides !
 Ordered this product for off-duty carry of my cuffs and spare mag . I liked the paddle option as my current case requires a take my belt off to disarm . However , when I received the case , I realized just how overly massive this it is . There 's at least a quarter inch , probably closer to three-eights between the paddle and case itself -LRB- I know my pants are n't that thick -RRB- , plus no curvature at all to keep it close to my hip . Secondly , I ordered a size 4 for my HK USP magazines , and there is an excessive amount of play in the mag pouch , so much that if you 're running , your mag is gon na come out . The cuff pouch is also larger than needs to be , does not fit S&W ; 100 cuffs securely , but gives them plenty of room to make some noise.I give it two stars for quality leather , but it 's not gon na work for my needs .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 no batteries were included and the slot for the battery was not even big enough for the battery to go into ! i had to force the AA battery in , so it may never come out again . shipping took MUCH longer than expected and the wood looks CHEAP ! i will never purchase anything else from this company again
 I took this mic on one job and promptly returned it the next day -LRB- not purchased on Amazon -RRB- . Basically it did not sound good and had way too much feedback . It may be alright for some light use , but if you are a true professional this product is not for you . I could tell from the moment I opened the box , neither the mic nor the receiver had any weight to them . You can tell it is a cheapy . On the tough and lonely road , it will not be there for you , it will not be your friend . GO STEELERS !!
 I ordered this item early in July ... and it never showed up . Customer service was terrible , and they said they were tracking it and would get back to me , but would send another one in the meantime since almost 3 weeks had gone by . Well ... no one got back to me , nor did I receive the grill cover . Then on 8/4 I recieve an email that they have refunded my credit card . So , for the past month our grill has been taking a beating with the rain ... and we still have no cover . Very crappy . Advise to order from another company .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I was very impressed with the quality , this is a very well built unit , spreads very well and is very durable.I highly recommend it!The quick release pins are nice also for removing the spreader from your atv . ============ UPDATE ========= the lever controlling the flow gate broke , the alligator clips do not stay on well , the spreader cloges very easily with even smooth fertilizer ... Mine is going back
 I do n't like this HRM because it only allows one piece of data to be displayed at a time . It is very awkward to do intervals using both the heart rate and the time -LRB- timer is also limited to a count up timer -RRB- , having to switch back and forth . I had been using a rather inexpensive Timex HRM and it is much better than this product at a comparable price .
 I bought this because it had the range to mount on my trike . And in that sense it works where others did n't . But it has several serious shortcomings . It shuts itself off when no signal is received for about five minutes . e.g. , when you come to a rest stop . And when you start it again all of the previous data is lost . Also it is seriously affected by power lines and just stops working . As I ride a recumbent I ca n't see the monitor if it is mounted on my wrist . This probably will work for you in the gym or for short rides , but do n't buy it if you are a serious cyclist . Also , when I called Polar for some help the tech was quite rude to me .
 Great concept . We bought it to help teach our 4 year old left-handed son -LRB- as we 're both right-handers -RRB- . But it only holds air for a few hours at a time . Total dud .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 A Leupold VX-II 2-7 x 33 typically sells for around $ 300 to $ 350 , depending on the finish and reticle style . Do n't get ripped off by this vendor .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 This is very small I ca n't imagin anyone using it unless it was a backpacker or a soldier who was traveling light . It did not have anything in the photo to judge the size with it would be nice if they put in the gun so you could judge it better .
 I wish i would have finally received this product , but I ordered it in October and here it is February and still nothing !
 I bought this deck bag several years ago because I got it for a good price , and I 'm glad I did n't pay more . I was on a weekend expedition with a group of folks doing some sea kayaking and a woman on the trip had the same bag , she had just bought it , at full price . It was represented as being waterproof by the dealer . A wave caught her and she went over , and when she came up the bag was filled with water and she lost her cell phone and camera . It is really a splash bag , and if you carry anything of value you must put it in it 's own drybag . I found the design a bit cumbersome too , a little awkward to get things in and out as the zipper does n't go completely from one side to the other . I 'm looking for a new bag , will probably go for one with a roll down closure like dry bags have . A $ 40-50 price tag is more appropriate for this bag .
 I wish i would have finally received this product , but I ordered it in October and here it is February and still nothing !
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I wish i would have finally received this product , but I ordered it in October and here it is February and still nothing !
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 Although they look very nice when brand new , the color -LRB- blue -RRB- fades dramatically after a fewuses of playing tennis .
 I really liked this machine when I first started using it . Easy to put together , fairly sturdy . I have now owned/used it for about 1 year . It began to squeak -LRB- which wd-40 helped -RRB- and the handle bars began sliding down . I put a set screw in each arm to hold the handles in place . Then the squeak became really pronounced so I tried to take it apart to regrease . One of the orginal screws has rusted so that it can not come out -LRB- despite being in my family room -RRB- and when I openned the flywheel case a large amount of rubber fell out . The drive belt is slowly being eaten away where it rubs on some of the mechanism . I also noticed that one of the handles is cracking.It may be that I am working the machine fairly hard , resistance 6 or 7 and over 50 rpm , but it seems like the machine should be able to handle that . Looking at some of the other reviews , I wonder if just got a lemon . But I am going to have to find a better machine .
 I bought one of these machines , put it together , and had it for about three weeks . It squeaked almost right away and the handle bars were constantly falling down . During the third week , one of the supports cracked and could have thrown me off if I had n't been careful . I took it back to the WalMart where I bought it and they gave me another one . This time I had a service technician come to my house and put it together . Even HE could n't get this bucket of bolts to run like it was supposed to . Icon 's customer service was terrible and it took them almost three weeks to get the technician back to fix what he should have fixed the first time . In short , do n't waste your time or money on this piece of junk . It 's not worth your time .
 This machine has been used moderately for about a year and a half . Right after the warranty ran out , it started making squeaking noises inside . I took the machine apart , reduced the tension on the flyweel and the squeak went a way . However , this did change the tension settings.THEN , the rod that holds the right foot arm broke . After examining the broken part , it was obvious that it was poorly designed and/or manufactured . It broke right through the weld . I called customer service and they were very helpful in getting a new part ordered FOR SEVENTY FOUR DOLLARS PLUS SHIPPING !!!!! This is a cheap piece of steel with a rod welded on one end . Give me a break.This was a very inexpensive machine - you get what you pay for .
 welds around the frame broke after a couple months of use . Its right where the bottom and top tubes meet . I am about 200 pounds . Time to trash . I guess this has happened to others by reading otheer reviews.Other problems . squeeky and the handles slide down no matter how much you tighten the bolts .
 My wife surprised me with this machine two summers ago . It was easy to put together and worked well for a few weeks . I am 6 ft tall and weigh around 190 lbs , which seems to be too much for this machine to handle . I used the hills program which takes the resistance to high levels and that may have made it worse . My wife also tried this machine but found the stride uncomfortable and bouncy -LRB- she is petite , 5 ft 2 in -RRB- . Our experience included the following
 The elliptical worked fine for the first two weeks . I was worried about the joints being bushings rather than bearings . It was fairly wobbly . At 2 weeks , the frame cracked at the base , and of course the machine was unusable at that point . I 'm 155 pounds . I did get a 3 yr warranty . I 'm taking the machine back and getting my money back from Walmart . I guess if you want something that will last , you probably have to dish out $ 600 or so . Keep reading the reviews !
 I bought this elliptical at a local store . The price was right since i wasnt really convinced I would use it and I liked the 18 '' stride too . The item comes with a 90 day warranty , so i pitched the receipt saying to myself `` theres no way it will break in 3 months . '' It turns out ive held true to my new years resolution , and i use it about 5 times a week doing the 300 -LRB- 20 minutes approximately -RRB- calorie program each time . Now im a 26 year old male , 180 pounds and 5 ' 9 '' , pretty average i think ... well after 2 months the thing was squeaking like crazy ! Being a mechanic by trade , I took it apart and regreased all the bushings , but one persistant squeak remained . I didnt find it until the weld at the bottom of the up-right broke , while i was running on it ! Needless to say , the squeak was gone , replaced by my cursing instead ! I took it to the shop , and removed the plastic trim to get a look at it , the welders were set WAY too cold ! Blah blah blah , I was able to repair and reinforce mine , and 6 weeks later it is still holding up and working fine . However , I do not believe the average person has the ability or access to the tools I have . Long story short
 I put this machine together and the thing will not record the amount of steps you take or time or run the programs it has . I called customer service which is near impossible to reach and there solution . They tell me to take apart the main component and adjust a switch . The adjustment does not fix the problem . Customer service with image is a joke.Now it is past 90 days and they will not replace or repair this piece of junk , even thought they never fixed the problem that was reported to them days after it was bought.I would not recommend this product or any product from Image to my worst enemy , since it did not work out of the box . Buy from a reputable company that is going to stand behind their product .
 It was supposedly dilivered but I never got it what gives ? I paid for it already so where is it ?
 Gave these a shot because of the price . Despite looking at all of the reviews for sizing information , they are HUGE . Short should fit snugly - but not be constricting . Instead , they are loose to the point of easily being a size too big . I am 5 ' 8 '' and a consistent size 8 quality women 's clothing . Other reviewers noted the loose waist - very accurate . If you are slim hipped , you 'll have a fairly large ` gap ' in the waist .
 I 'm not quite sure just what body-type these shorts were meant for . Girth-wise , they were enormous ; I 'm about 6 feet tall and wander around the 300 lb . mark , not only could I easily slide these sorts on-zipped up no less - but after about three steps they had completely fallen off . There is simply not enough , or too much depending on your view , `` shorts '' there to keep themselves up . And the way they 're proportioned !? They would really benefit from about six to nine more inches of height . I figured they 'd cover my navel , not hardly . They barely cover my barely ! That 's pretty much why they fall off ; if smaller sizes are proportioned the same even dropping a size or two would n't help .
 Not a whole lot of information with regard to sizing on the Valeo Neoprene Shorts . Product sizing should be more detailed . I normally take a size medium and these were way too big . Amazon would not allow me to return them for a different size , which meant shipping costs to return the item and more shipping costs to re-purchase a smaller size . Also , there was NO OPTION on the return request to indicate that sizing was the reason for the return .
 I have a 38 waist which the description said would fit and I could not even come close to getting them on . will return and try XL .
 Out of the box , the smell made me sick . There is no true form , they are huge . I 've purchased neoprene shorts before but nothing like this . They absolutely stick !
 The shorts I purchased were a small -LRB- women 's -RRB- and they were extremely big on me . This product needs to come in a triple x small .
 While the material and zipper seems to be just as good as any other Neoprene suit , the design of the waist line is absolutely HORRIBLE . There is no way to adjust the waist line , so these shorts simply slip off your buttocks by just walking around your room . Absolutely a waist of money . You might as well just purchase the entire body suit or simply just a neoprene shirt as these shorts are poorly designed .
 the size is really not well adapted ! too large on the belly but ok for the leg ... can not use it !
 I bought these neoprene shorts to help keep me warm in the pool where I sometimes swim dogs . I also bought the Everlast Body Slimmer for the same reason -LSB- ... -RSB- . I thought I would use both , just alternate between the two , but the fit of the Valeo was really weird . They fit in the hips pretty well , although they were a little roomy , but around the waist I might as well have been standing in a barrel . There is no contour from the hip to the waistline . I realize these are meant to help people lose weight , and I often have this same issue with jeans -- I might have better luck with a size small , but instead I will buy a second pair of the Everlast because they fit perfectly . I also like that they come up higher so when I wear a vest over the top , there is overlap .
 These pants in large are huge and since they 're stretch , should have gotten medium . The sizing chart is totally off which according I should be wearing extra-large , but got large and now need a medium ... so be careful !
 I should have taken the advice of the many other reviewers and kept my 10 bucks . These are SO ill-fitted ! I had to sew darts at the waist in hopes that this would help them stay up ... it does n't because the waist is unfinished leaving no additional support to gather at the waist.Women , generally , have hips , and without a waist band , these are not going to stay up!The legs are also unfinished . They are straight cut , no hems!Unsatisfied with these I went out and bought `` Gold 's Gym '' brand neoprene from Walmart for $ 9.77 . They have a zipper and velcro at the waist ... although they are for men and have a little pouch in the front where women do n't need it , they are sold as a unisex item ... not the best fit , but much better than these ... and for the price -LRB- the next cheapest for a decent pair is $ 19.77 -RRB- . They look similar to these , except rather than a corded waist , there is a zipper & velcro on the right side of the shorts :[ ... -RSB-
 I followed the sizing recommendations for ordering and was shocked to receive the size I ordered . It is enormous . They are supposed to fit snug and compress . These shorts would be loose on a Hippo !
 THEY SUCK , THEY SUCK , THEY SUCK , I 'M SORRY BUT THEY SUCK . NO ELASTIC TO KEEP THEM UP . . THEY SUCK AGAIN THEY SUCK THEY ARE TERRIBLE DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY
 I am wanting to buy these shorts but the reviews are totally useless ! One says medium is too big , the other says medium is too small , ca n't anyone provide any useful info ? Or can anyone provide info on another neoprene short that is better made and properly sized ? Thanks : -RRB-
 I purchased these as a replacement for some Joe Weider shorts I have had for many years that have started to wear out.I bought 3 pair of these shorts , worn 2 of them 1 time each , washed them , and they both came apart near the seam . The seams themselves did not come apart , but the actual fabric itself split in two like a ` run ' in panty hose . The third pair is still inthe box and I have not worn it , but I figure that the same thing will happen with it as well.Also , one of the pair had one leg about an inch longer then the other leg . The one leg also fit tighter and you could tell the cut was wrong.Like I said , very poor craftsmanship and materials .
 This is two pieces of neoprene slapped together with a zipper . There are no contours to the garment , not even a waistband .
 Fit was not as expected , however I have to now assume that these were designed specifically for men ... not women . When I work out in these shorts on my indoor rowing machine the waist gaps open alot in the back . Just not a good fit for me . Sorry I bought these .
 Extremely poor sizing -LRB- they run enormous -RRB- . Very shoddy construction , extremely low quality . Nothing about these shorts are good . I 'm an athletic 240 lb male and the XL shorts could fit another person in them ... I 'm fairly certain that even if they did fit correctly around the waist the seems or zipper would fail if I attempted to squat .
 Wow , was n't used to an XL being a 46 inch waist . Did sizing charts change overnight ? Aside from that seems like a poor quality product . . no seams on the bottom cut or top cut , just open cell neoprene.Hope that helps .
 I ordered this product in a large and it is suppose to fit 36-39 waist . It is way to big I checked and all the markings on the product and the box were large , so I do n't wear it because it falls off of me and my waist is a 38 .
 Figured I would get a little something liek this to maybe help with some specialized sweating so to speak . Keep some heat in to help shed a little extra water around the lower belly . this thing lasted all of ten minutes and the zipper popped off . On an up note its cheap enough I didnt waste money shipping it back I just bought aEverlast for Her All-in-One Body Slimmerand replaced it with . I use the hell out of it , but thsi thing got cut up to use as padded spacers . Dont waste your money on something you dont even get to use one time without it falling apart . You will be VERY dissappointed .
 We have the Burley Solo and we love it as a bike attachment , so naturally we figured it would be better to get the jogging kit instead of buying another stroller . While it gets the job done , it is such a hassle to put the jogging attachment on . I run with my 1 year old after dropping off my oldest at school so i have to take it apart to get it in and out of the car . It takes me about 20 min at least to get it on . It gets jammed sliding the attachment on and I always smash my finger popping up the caddy ! I get so frustrated sometimes it makes me want to forget about running !
 It seemed like such a good idea at the time . We already had the bike trailer , instead of buying a jogging stroller , just get the kit to convert our bike trailer . Bad idea!This thing drives me crazy because it does n't steer , it 's a rigid 3rd wheel . It works fine if all you do is run straight , but who does that ? Even a seemingly straight route usually has subtle turns . There are only 2 ways to steer
 We purchased one of these wind-up lights a few months ago at a local retailer . Recently , during a brief power outage , I grabbed the Freeplay flashlight and wound it up . Imagine my suprise when the spring control mechanism broke inside the flashlight and the thing spun up to a rate I considered dangerous ! We put the light down and got away , just in case it flew apart . Using regular flashlights -LRB- with batteries -RRB- and looking through the clear case , we were able to see stripped gears and bands in places they should n't be - and clearly read the danger label inside the flashlight -LRB- no user serviceable parts -RRB- . Well , we returned the light and got our money back . We 're 0 for 1 with Freeplay products . I do n't think they 'll get another chance at our house .
 It left me sore but I found it not enough exercise for my body I 'm used to so much more
 After two failed attempts by Power Systems -LRB- the company that actually ships the ball -RRB- to send the correct product , I finally gave up ! First time they sent me the wrong type of ball , and on the second attempt they sent me the right type but the wrong size ! After two weeks it was frustrating so I gave up ! Even though customer service was nice and let me keep both balls at no charge and without shipping them back , all I wanted from the beginning was what I had originally ordered .
 This product may be O.K. but I ca n't use them because they are way too small for my rifles . I am sure that if I had a choice when ordering I would have asked for a large size . I emailed Allen Company with my complaint and recieved no answer . I guess I could have returned them but I should not have to pay shipping for their mistake . I may find a use for them someday . I did not contact Amazon as this is a small purchase . I do not blame Amazon as they did what they are supposed to do.Live and learn .
 I ordered an `` Allen Company Buttstock Rifle Cartridge Holder '' from this seller , what I got was a shotgun shell holder.This review gets one star because it was the wrong item . The shell holder itself is of good quality for about $ 5 , but I have no use for it .
 I have not received the item yet . I have received only emails , totaling greater than 6000 words . I will never order from you again .
 The rubber bullets are too expensive for the actual durability and reuse . I 've bought two sets to use in the 44 cal toy revolver . The rubber bullets start to loose form after 3 firings and fail to launch with the original velocity . For the price I was very disappointed compared to the thousands of airsoft pellets I purchased for around the same price .
 They work great with the gun . The only problem I had was I order 2 pks back in September for my sons b-day . I got it on time but only 1 pk . I sent 2 emails but never heard anything back and never sent the 2nd pk that I paid for .
 I ordered 5 items two weeks and this was the LAST item to come today . I thought it was a good piece until about 2 hours into using it . Not abusing it , just shooting and cocking and the slide came apart and split on top . Looking for a better metal piece .
 I got the airsolf gun 2 day ago i got it in the mail . I whent out to shoot it when i pulled the trigges it came off the gun . Pice of junk !
 this gun is a great gun but when i first got this gun it was damage a lot the next day the gun broke it would ` nt even shoot i clean the barrol stil would ` nt shoot
 i purchased the gun and i recieved it on 1/11/12 and it was working when i recieved it but after one day of use the trigger broke
 I normally try to be optomistic with my reviews , but this gun is what you pay for . a few bux . it 's cheap plastic , dangerous -LRB- i 'll tell why in a second -RRB- , and has a very touchy trigger . so the dangerous thing is that it will sometimes shoot before you pull the trigger ! this has happened multiple times , i accidently shot my foot once . so if you 're looking for a cheap , crappy gun , then this is it .
 We bought the pistol 1 week ago . The trigger broke on it within the 2 hours of me using it . I bought another one thinking it was just the spring in it . The other one broke in 1 hour of me using it . even less than the first one . do not waste your money on this gun !!
 i bought i like 5 days ago and it broke all ready and it is too big and it is all plastic then it doest hurt when you get shot with it
 Fell apart during first magizine i was not abusing it I have had many airsoft guns in the past . I wanted to get a cheap good gun but that is not what I received . I got a plasic and glue piece of crap . I would give it negitive stars . I would pay somone to take it from me . this is the worst airsoft gun i have ever had . DO NOT BUY . Unless you like crap . I would rather have bought a rock because I would have known what I was getting . I thought I was getting a good airsoft gun , but instead I got a pile of crap . DO NOT BUY EVEN FOR 1c . I know I wouldnt ...
 This product i rate a zero please do not buy from this guy you gun will break cause i received it and the gun broke 1 minute after ... if you do n't want to end up like me do n't buy from this guy !
 Hobbytron is a rip off company - please look them up via the California BBB to see the F - rating given to them for their shady practices!Buyer Beware !
 not really n2 pellet gunz but ipurchased dis fa my lil bro n tha gud thing iz dat ix been2 dayz n ix almost here shuld have it by taday , shippinz really quick alwayz cumz dayz b4 yhu expect it ... ,
 Sellers information indicates that clock Also comes with a New Cherry Wood base . However , the product information indicates that the base is sold seperatly.WHICH IS IT ?
 Wish I 'd read Pumpkin 's review first , but I concur - they were NOT the slip-on ones shown in the photo which is what I wanted .
 this thing is the worst bike seat cover ever made . the stuff on the inside sinks to one area very easily . does not make you butt feel better .
 Ekho WM-25 Heart Rate Monitor WatchThis Ekho WM-25 Heart Rate Monitor Watch was very uncomfortable . First , the chest strap was very constricting to the point that it was hard for me to breathe and I was not even exercising yet . Second , the rubber monitor gave me a rash on my chest , even after only having it on for maybe 10 minutes . Finally , I bought one at the same time for my wife and the watch itself was big and bulky on her ; guess they are not meant to be unisex . Therefore , we no longer are owners of this product and returned them to Amazon .
 Item says it fits most cars . IT LIES !!! DOES NOT FIT CHRYSLER 300 !!!!!!!!!! bought this for my boyfriend but IT DOES NOT FIT !!! Logo is small too . UGGH !! So much for THAT christmas present .
 I bought this as a birthday present for my 9 year old nephew . The first time he went to use the bow , it broke . The good news is the company refunded our money immediately and were very accommodating . Now we just have to find another brand that wo n't break !
 My son was so excited when he got his box . But was not happy with the product . He is a special boy and he expects his stuff to work and if it does n't he is mad . The string does not stay on it so he ca n't shoot the arrows so it went in the trash the same day .
 This only looks like a bow , in the same way that a plastic gun only looks like a gun . The bow string is a , literally , a string . Perhaps butcher 's twine . The limbs are ok but the compound system is for show only . Our string came off during the first day and could never get it properly restrung.The bow is so inaccurate you might be able to hit a basketball at 10 feet , not much better -LRB- I tried -RRB- . So if you want your three year old to pretend at playing Indian or hunter , this is fine . Good choice . If you want your 6 year old to actually shoot arrows then this is a waste . It wo n't get used for more than 30 minutes . For a little more money you can get an inexpensive child 's bow that serves both purposes.In our case my wife was worried about injury and liked these rubber suction cup arrows . Fine . Put some rubber suction cups on the better arrows that will come with a better child 's bow . You 'll be far happier than with this junky thing . I give it two stars because you can actually `` pretend '' to shoot arrows .
 I read all the reviews on toy guns before I bought a couple for my son and this was supposed to be a good one . The bullets get stuck and do n't even come out . My little boys fingers have gotten pinched where the gun is cocked also ... He still likes to play with it , but we just pretend that is shoots ... could have found something alot cheaper for that ...
 The Bears head logo faded within 2 months to white - it looks really stupid - I 'm going to try to dye it . Waste of money , which is unfortunate because the embroidery itself is intricate . The thread is not made to be either outside in the elements or on a window where it 's exposed to sunlight .
 I am a long time user of pinnacle reels . They have been my favorite brand until now . I needed a cheaper reel due to finances of late . I got this one . Made very poorly . Plastic reel spool and drag nut do not impress me . The reel makes a light grinding noise when reeling line . The drag is constantly loosening on its own . The nut holding the reel handle also comes loose constantly . I would return it to the manufacturer but I do not want a replacement for this poorly made reel .
 I bought this top of the line Total Trainer and waited in anticipation for it 's arrival . This thing is a monster in size . I live on the 3rd floor , no elevator . Luckily the FedEx dude helped me lug it up . Kudos FedEx . I set it up , noticing how sturdy it seemed . There 's alot of meat to this thing . I started using it and instantly noticed a scraping noise , alot of uncomfortable resistance , and a clunking noise/vibration . I thought/hoped it was only some packaging material stuck in the thing . It turned out that the top rail did n't align with the bottom rail . Poor machining of the screw holes where the hinge is attached to connect the top and bottom rail created a poor transition for the glideboard with alot of resistance where the glideboard scraped against the mal-aligned rails . Customer service could n't help with this particular problem so I had to send it back . $ 150 dollars shipping !!! Maybe it was a one in a thousand defect . But it was my aggravation . I feel Bayou Fitness should have inspected this better if they did at all considering how noticable it was . I feel they should have paid for return shipping for their poor quality control . I do n't feel they helped me to the level they should have . One big disappointment .
 THIS IS A SILLY LOOKING PATS SHIRT IF I EVER SAW ONE - DID NOT KNOW WORE A GREEN .
 The twin flat bands with plastic pouch that come with the Saunders Double Eagle Pro Wrist Rocket Slingshot do not release the 38 cal . metal balls . The metal ball comes back and hits my hand as the bands snap back after release . I believe the plastic pouch is the problem . When trying a larger projectile it released better . Still not a real good product in my opinion . I guess I am comparing it to the nice wrist rockets with surgical tubing from when I was a kid . I 'll keep looking for a better product .
 do n't waste your time ... this is a piece of junk ... bands pop off every shot and if you do n't pull to full draw , the ammo will only fly about 15 feet ... could have made a better one with a tree branch and tire inner tube .
 I did a lot of research before buying the Falcon 2 , as this is to be part of our competition at deer camp . I am disappointed.First thing you notice is the cheap plastic webbing that rests against your arm . It 's functional , but wo n't hold up for long . The second problem is the pouch ... made of plastic and will tear apart before you get 100 shots off . For some reason , misfires are common as the 3/8 steel shot will drop at about 20-30 feet , yet occasionally sail straight at high velocity and hit a pie plate at 90 feet , no idea why this happens . The flat bands are good for velocity however , you have a tangled mess after each shot . What the pictures do n't show you is that there 's actually 2 bands on each side , so if getting off a second shot in a hurry is important , forget about it . The frame is well made and disassembles without tools . The band snaps are fine but you ca n't use tubular bands should you wish to replace them , and you will .
 I bought 2 Falcons and one unit was faulty because one of the rocker pieces that holds the bands in place did not work . The lock kept coming apart.The second unit was fun for about 5 shots but then the pouch broke . We were using rocks -LRB- you 're only supposed to use purchased round shot -RRB- . The pouches are plastic with a slit so they seem prone to breakage.I am going to try a different model , because they did seem to shoot well before they broke . I would NOT recommend this Falcon 2 model .
 Well I strongly discourage anyone from buying this or any other product from '' THE SPORTSMAN 'S GUIDE '' . I just receivied my fly poll and reel and it showed up with part of the poll sticking out of the mangled box and broken ! When I called customer service and spoke with supervisor by the name of `` PAIGE `` they said `` OH SORRY BUT I GUESS WE JUST WRECKED YOUR CHRISTMAS '' horrible service and if I could give them a negative `` star '' I certainly would ! Again I 'd like to thank `` paige '' for her sarcasm , that really helped the situation !
 I was excited to give this towel as a baby shower gift for a friend . When I received the towel , I was disappointed , because it was a fair bath towel quality and the duke portion was ironed on the towel . The imprint looks like it will flake off after multiple washings . Not a good quality product I would have liked to give as a give . Great concept , just needs more quality into it .
 After a couple of washes in the machine , this ripped up pretty badly . We have n't had any problems with any of our other hooded towels for our little girl , so I 'm doubtful that this was the fault of the washer/dryer .
 This Bow Eye is not the one shown in the photo or as described . The threaded stud only extends out 2-3/4 '' . It will cost me more for some good quality all thread to replace the supplied stud than I wanted to spend on the whole thing .
 The day it arrived I took it out to the backyard to try it out . After forty or so shots the shot pouch tore in half . But for the twenty minutes of use before it broke , it was pretty effective .
 This was a piece of junk . But ca n't complain too much it was super cheap . I 'd go with something else . .
 I bought this slingshot and used it a couple dozen times before the rubber band broke . Before breaking I got relatively accurate shots from about 50-60 feet . I returned it to the store I bought it from -LRB- Canadian Tire -RRB- and got a replacement of the same type . After about 6 shots the band broke on the replacement slingshot . I 'm returning this piece of cheap garbage , getting my money back , and making my own .
 The first day my son was using this , the pouch tore right where the tubing was connected . The pouch is very flimsy leather with a felt type feeling . i would not recommend this to anyone unless they want to use it for display only .
 The vest is actually smaller than another vest I have that is for < 30lbs . I do n't know how they can state that it is for < 50lbs . I wish I would have known before buying .
 I did n't think that this jacket fit AT ALL . My son screamed the second I put it on and I understand why he was upset . It basically choked him around the neck and did n't fit well at all . I ended up using one that some one had bought from Sam 's Club and the Sam 's club one fit perfectly well . No choking and he could move around and play . Would not recommend this one in the future .
 i dont actually own this gun but a friend of mine bought it and unlike the picture it does not come with a scope or even iron sights just some crappy rail that is useless unless you buy a good scope . then about two months after they got it the bolt jammed and it would not even cock and they have still been unabled to fix to this day . This problem probably would n't happen to you -LRB- the buyer -RRB- , but from personnal experience with the gun i would not buy it for myself
 this gun will break over time . I would buy the L96 , it has more power and accurate . it comes with a scope and bipod
 ok this was a terrible gun . idk if mine is broke but now theres so little power that the bbs dont make it out of the barrel
 The product showed on Amazon.com by the seller graciebone is very deceiving . The item which is an airsoft rifle shows a scope is included but it is not in the package deal . It did not state it in the description of the item , but the picture/image shows it . There is even a description of scope from a closer view but again , it is not included with the gun.The item was marked as used which was very clear but then the item came to me wrapped up in `` used '' Christmas paper . Why ? The seller only explained it , as I reuse and recycle . Duh ????? No need to wrap it up when all I did was order the item to give to my grandson as a birthday present . I would n't go to a store and expect the merchant to wrap the merchandise up in used Christmas wrapping paper ... I just wanted to get the item and I will wrap it in the appropriate `` birthday '' paper ... thank you !! Never again , will I order from this seller . No professionalism at all . She tried to compensate the broken strap -LRB- which I was informed about -RRB- but would not offer to try to glue it before shipping . Two extra magazines were included in the box which was very nice of her .
 I never recieved this item in the mail . It 's been 4 weeks now ... i would not suggest buying this item from this carrier . I bought it at my local sports authority though and it 's been pretty good . The bipod mount underneath the barrel broke off in a game though so that sucks . Make sure you buy a rail adapter for the rail unless you feel like sanding it down 2/7 cm ... my scope didnt work on it and neither did any of my friends . Does not come with iron sights so make sure you buy a rail adapter
 The Guest 2611A Charger generates a large amount of radio interference.This charger should not be installed on a boat with a marine SSB radio.The noise from the Charge will be very loud on the Marine HF SSB radio.The manual that came with the charger stated some limitations on the size of the battery that the charger should be used with.If you are considering this charger , before buying this charger , you need to first determine if Guest recommends this charger for your battery size .
 I bought one to charge my rv batteries and it died already . marinco is replaceing it -LRB- i hope and so they say -RRB- the description here is BAD - it does not charge 24 volt and 12 volt banks at the same time . it will do only 2 batteries . Not banks of batteries . be careful of thier wording . thier call a bank = 1 battery . althought the dictionary says differant . Plus the external hookup plug that came with it was taken out and im sure sold seperate . it come with it . I get really pissed being ripped off .
 you can not see your bullet holes . . lesson learned . . do not buy black ! and paper too thin like others have said , flaps around . I ended up turning it around to a blank white side and put target stickers on it . . will not buy again
 I purchased two of these suits for my girls . Both measured -LRB- by the makers suggested size -RRB- to fit . Both swim suits were WAY TOO BIG ! I had to invest one afternoon to try and alter the lower section of the suit to fit . The torso was way too long . They just suggested fit measured by the chest and by the lbs the child weighs . Do n't buy one unless your child 's tried it on and you they can pass the fit test of pulling up the the shoulder straps . When I pulled up the should straps the suits went way over my girls ears -LRB- over there ears equals bad fit -RRB- It 's not the sellers fault but , buyers beware ! MAKE SURE IT FITS FIRST !
 Claims to be a `` Michigan St. Spartans '' helmet and shows a picture of a Michigan Wolverines helmet . If this is truly sold by Riddell , they need to learn something about the teams that make products for .
 I 'm a Pilates instructor who has recently had a few clients who play alot of golf . I thought it would be a good idea to learn some `` golf specific '' exercises which I could incorporate into their Pilates routines . I ordered this video and found it do be not very different from a basic Pilates reformer workout . There was one exercise that I found to be `` golf specific '' , all of the others you would already be doing with your clients if you follow a basic reformer routine . Would n't recommend this if you 're looking for something a little differnt !
 I recently purchased a Stott Reformer and was excited to receive and try this DVD . It was disappointing in that it was more of a warm-up as opposed to a workout . The other golf conditioning workouts -LRB- not requiring a reformer -RRB- were much more enjoyable and applicable to improving the golf swing .
 I ordered this item a week before Fathers Day . Amazon said 3-5 days shipping , which was okay in terms of getting the product on time . After getting Amazon 's verification of my order , I checked the company 's website and discovered that the delivery could take 7 working days , not 3-5 as advertised on Amazon ; this would mean I would not receive the item on time . I immediately contacted the seller to tell them that the item was needed by Fathers Day and to cancel the order if they could not deliver it in time . This was well before the item was shipped.This morning -LRB- the Wednesday before Fathers Day -RRB- I received a message from Vanessa stating
 I ordered this light bulb to replace a built in light on our grill , but the bulb we got is not what the picture showed . The package has the right model number , but the bulb we got did n't have the 2 prong end , but instead had an end similar to a regular light bulb . It was n't worth the time and effort to send it back to Amazon and we were able to get one from Home Depot instead that had the right end .
 WELL , IT SEEM TO GOOD ALL OVER , THE STYLE , THE MATERIAL , THE FABRIC , EVERYTHING VERY GOOD , ONLY COMPLAIN THAT IT TOO BIG , BULKY FOR BABY 30LB .
 These handgrips are poorly made . They are not at all what the description says . I purchased the 200 and they are as easy to work out with as the cheap ones you buy at a department store . Very , very disappointed
 Fortunately , I only bought one of these , but they do not compare at all to the heavy grippers made by Captains of Crush . Just pay the extra $ 5 and get the COC brand . If you even try to mix and match these , you will find this brand to be much weaker .
 Most uncomfortable grip I have ever used . Buying another brand , wasted my money on this and HIGHLY recommend against it . I hardly ever rate a product real low but it is just what it is . Feels like nails in your palm , do n't do it .
 This product may have semi-good resistance but after using it for 15 seconds it completely cut up my hand and i got tons of blisters . Do not waste your time and money on this product .
 I bought this gripper thinking it would be tougher to close than the trainer -LRB- 100 lbs -RRB- of the CoC brand . Even though this product was rated for 150 lbs of resistance it was easier to close than the 100 lbs CoC . I feel ripped off , returning this as soon as I can .
 This item is ok ... maybe it 's just me , but we have had some issues with it . It was ok at first -LRB- age 1 -RRB- , because my son could n't reach the pedals , and his feet just kind of dangled . But as he got a little older , he always seemed at a loss with what to do with his feet . -LRB- There 's nowhere to rest them . -RRB- He would try to rest them on the pedals , and inevitably jam them with his foot . Now he can reach the pedals -LRB- age 2 -RRB- , but has n't mastered them yet . But his feet are dragging the ground . I guess I can raise the seat up , but this still wo n't solve his dangling problem . Secondly , the canopy and cup holder are useless , and our bike does n't steer particularly straight , even though we have tried to correct this . My sister 's son is same age as mine , and she has the same problems . It is very cute , and we always get compliments on it , but is not nearly as functional . Wish I had gotten something else .
 We received this tricycle as a gift for our two-year old , who is now 3 and a half . Even though we found it difficult to steer from the back , it was great for her at first -- she enjoyed riding as we pushed and she LOVED the basket in the back . However , once she had the coordination and the length in her legs to push , this trike proved to be a serious dud . It barely has any torque -LRB- if that 's the right term -RRB- ; the pedals slip all over the place . She 's pedaling , but she 's not getting anywhere . At first we thought maybe she just needed more practice , but when we saw her on friends ' trikes , it became obvious that it 's this product .
 Just got this bike for a 2 year old ; the adult steering does n't work well ; anyone giving the item five stars must work for the company who makes it . I wish you could buy stuff from a store .
 My kids loved this bike until it got a flat tire in the front . The back tires you can fill with a regular pump , but the front tire is special and I was told to fill it at a gas station . I tried but it did n't work . I am trying to find a replacement tube b/c I fear it may be flat but am having a VERY hard time finding it . The design on this bike is stupid . Why make it so hard to fix ! I am very disappointed and I expect more for the price I paid .
 This mask is so heavy your head and neck will rebel . I do n't think anyone would want to use it for a full game . It 's not expensive but you 'll pay for it with a stiff neck .
 A black target makes the bullet hole hard to see . The head should have a point score and it does n't . Other than that , it 's ok .
 I ordered this item a week before Fathers Day . Amazon said 3-5 days shipping , which was okay in terms of getting the product on time . After getting Amazon 's verification of my order , I checked the company 's website and discovered that the delivery could take 7 working days , not 3-5 as advertised on Amazon ; this would mean I would not receive the item on time . I immediately contacted the seller to tell them that the item was needed by Fathers Day and to cancel the order if they could not deliver it in time . This was well before the item was shipped.This morning -LRB- the Wednesday before Fathers Day -RRB- I received a message from Vanessa stating
 These targets are made of very thin paper and tear easily . I store and transport the targets in a cardboard tube , but they still shred and tear even with careful use .
 I bought 2 of these lights last weekend and when i tryed to use them the first evening out neither one of them would work correctly when i got a bite on one just the sound came on whichis not very loud so we didnt hear it and the other one didnt work at all . I was very disappointed in this product . It is a very poorly manufactured product Dont waste your money on it spend a couple dollars more and get one that works
 Purchased this product for my boat . Installed it and it worked fine for about 9 months . I ca n't figure why it went out or fine any fuses to change . I need to replace it at this time and will be installing a different charger .
 The Item has been returned to me from my mecanic aparently it does not work please advise how do I return this item for exchange or credit.Henri9545942525
 Got only one , not `` 10 per case '' as stated in the title . For this per-item price , you can get better goggles .
 I purchased the twin size Intex inflatable air bed and unfortunately I developed back strain after sleeping on this bed for two days . This bed may be great for children and sleep-overs , but if you weigh 150 lbs , the bed may not be supportive of your weight . I found when I inflated the bed before going to bed , I woke up in the middle of the night and had to add more air to the bed because of sagging in the middle of the bed .
 I do n't recommend this air bed , I am disappointed in the performance of this mattress ! The air seeps out , my guest is a petite person so I do n't understand why the air mattress would lose air so fast . Then the unthinkable happened while my guest was sleeping on it , the center section of the mattress got a huge bubble and it become uncomfortable to sleep on ; hence my guest slept in a sleeping bag on the floor for the remainder of their stay . This was not what I expected nor wanted to happen . Think twice about purchasing this Air Bed , it is an inferior product . Yes , the price is affordable but like the saying goes , &#34; You get what you pay for ! &#34;
 Air leak ! I must inflate the bed every day . I do n't like it . It is not convenient . Besides , it has a bad smell .
 This ball went flat within three months . It developed a leak in its side . It was used only for casual outdoor play on asphalt in warm weather . It did not live up to its `` never flat '' promise . It was a good ball while it lasted - but that is the problem
 This is the second Never Flat basketball that I bought -- only to have it go flat in less than 3 months of casual play in the driveway .
 Does n't bounce , the sticker on it states not to put air in it for a year or you will give up the warranty.It does not have enough air in it to begin with . Do not buy
 The rubbery feel to this basketball was unexpected . I was expecting the ball to have a leather feel similar to that of the TF-1000 . However , it feels like a cheap rubber basketball . Very disappointed with the product .
 The never flat ball was flat when received . We live overseas and the ball was shipped via air . I 'm not sure if that caused the ball to go flat . We had ordered two basketballs at the same time . While the regular Spaulding Street Basketball arrived just fine , the Never Flat Basketball was flat . Ironical .
 Pros
 I had purchased these balls for my dog to play with , and since we have had success with the `` Never Flat '' subset of spalding they seemed like a fantastic deal . We can usually get 2 months out of a standard basket ball and 8 months out of a never flat . This basketball lasted 4 days . It was very disappointing and I think I will send back the second one we bought .
 C'mon , this is a total waste of my money ... this ball is for children for cryin ` out loud !!! If you look closely to the picture you would think it is almost a pro basketball , instead what you get is a child 's ball that you notice immediately after you touch it ... What a shame !
 We have a half-court in the back . B-Balls get tested . For longevity and ability to hold air this is about in the middle of the indoor/outdoor pack . We keep about 6 at any given time . The marketing for this ball is great . The product did not live up however .
 The first one I received became flat after a couple of days . I thought it was a defect and called Amazon for a replacement . Sadly , the second one must have been it 's twin because it went flat after a couple of days as well . Either this is a manufacturing defect or the ball has been sitting in Amazon 's warehouse since the Civil War and lost air when I took delivery.The sounds is n't as bad as some reviewers have complained . Sure it 's not quite the normal thunk but a little more hollow and echo sound . You 're not going to go deaf and it certainly is n't going to improve your FG percentage . The advantage I think with the Never Flat is that the outer material seems very durable . Only time will tell .
 It is not as good as advertise of this product . I will never buy this product again . I am very disappointed
 i have had this same issue , i ordered the ball from Amazon , when i received it , it was slightly deflated , i then pumped it to it 's recommended 7-9 PSI using a pump and guage , next day , was semi low , pumped again to 8.7 , then left it over the weekend and now i come and it is about 4PSI and deflated almost!maybe being at 30k feet flying down to another country made it flat , but this is ridiculous , never flat , more like always flat , VERY disappointed , going to talk to amazon about a refund for this product and if i can ship it back with out it costing me a fortune .
 There are three undeniable comments in the reviews , which I 've also experienced :1 -RRB- A hollow , metallic ping every time it bounces . I 'm playing here at a university indoor court , and every group of guys I play with has commented `` hey , this ball sounds weird . '' When the game ball is chosen , this is the first they toss away . The ping has the quality of the inflated `` Thunderstix '' that are distributed at MLB playoff games .2 -RRB- A regulation full size ball should be inflated between 7.5 and 8.5 lbs PSI . This Never Flat ball seems to come on the low end of that . Despite only receiving it two weeks ago , guys at the gym have all said that it bounces flat . Although nobody wants to hear whiny comments about their new item , I have to agree on the lack of bounce . Over a year of this before I can inflate it ?? 3 -RRB- Having read others reviews , I now understand why I 'm typing with small cuts on my left index and right middle fingerpads . It 's on the rough side for bballs .
 I am not a major B-Ball player . I do not want or require some amazing ball to satisfy my amazing unique needs . I am a busy Dad who just wants a ball for his kids and wants to ensure that when they want to play the ball is always well inflated . My standards are simply that this must resemble a &#34; normal &#34; ball but with the added feature of not going flat.I read reviews about the weird sound the ball emits when bouncing . I did not care about sounds as long as the ball bounces well.I bought 2 balls , 1 Intermediate and 1 adult sized . Both balls have a &#34; thud &#34; about them when they bounce . This thud is irregular and depends upon what part of the ball hits the ground . The balls also do n't bounce as well as my other non-Neverflat outdoor basketball . I went to my local store and tried out in-store another Neverflat . Same thing . Does n't bounce as high as the other non-Neverflat balls and also has the weird thud sound . I have to put more effort into bouncing this ball.I have returned the adult size ball and bought a Spalding Street ball for $ 9.99 . Much cheaper and much happier . This new ball is completely forgettable as it is a regular , &#34; normal &#34; ball . Funny though , I did have to inflate the new ball only 5 days after owning it , which made me lament that the Neverflat technology is not ready for prime time .
 The ball went flat within two days after it was opened as a gift on Christmas day.Therefore the description ` Never Flat ' does not appear to be accurate .
 I brought this basketball for my son in Christmas figured for the price it would be a great ball , but what a surprise . This ball does have grip , high bounce , tough and durable but so do the cheap plastic wal-mart kids basketballs ! yep the ones that go for $ 8 bucks ! I did not return this product because I asked the vender to write a small quote on the box for my son to read when he opened up his gift . I have used this ball for the last three months or so its has not lost any air though , but its shaped like an egg , no grip , the letters are gone and when it hits the rim watch out for your fingers because the bounces is ridiculous ! Example
 I bought this in September 2011 and it was supposed to be a never flat . It is FLAT now - in march.So it lasted six months only . Do Not get sucked into buying this as it WILL get flat
 I think the concept of this woodworkers respirator is great but unless your a very small person or a child these will not work . I am 5 '11 and have an average size head . When these are properly installed the bottom part of my mouth is exposed and does not fit properly . When it is fitted around my mouth , it does not fit right around my nose . The rubber mask needs to be a little larger to conform around the areas it needs to cover .
 the mask is fairly small , appears to be cheaply made especially the rubber strap - this strap will not stand the test of time . had i actually seen it in the hardware store i never would have bought , particularly at the near to $ 15 price . To me , the price/value would be more apt in the $ 8 range . It certainly does not look like the pic on amazon - the pic makes it appear larger than it is , the surface area of the filter hence will be limited in it 's ability to handle larger volumnes of air over time - but then they want you to buy replacement filters faster .
 I have ordered a fair amount of stuff from Amazon over the past week , and have noticed some major changes in the MO of how Amazon seems to be treating customers , prompting me to do these reviews , the first I have ever done . At the time of doing these reviews , I have n't even received some these products , but I feel I must share my experience and opinions with other all of you who spend money with Amazon and make its executives very rich ! Please check out some of my other reviews relating to Amazon changing the vendor , price and shipping rates on the same web page/product several times within a 24hrs period . What I now call Amazon roulette shopping.This review is related to choosing I `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' . It seems to me that if one opts for `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' , Amazon will intentionally hold up some of your orders at their distribution warehouses . The evidence for this with this product is that at the time of writing this review , on the product page they make the following statement . `` Want it delivered Monday , October 27 ? Order it in the next 14 hours and 8 minutes , and choose One-Day Shipping at checkout . '' I ordered this and other products ` Order Date
 The main complaint I have about the mask is it 's fit . Initially - it felt a little uncomfortable - but I got used to it where it did n't bother me to wear the mask.I was really excited to find an economical dust mask that I could replace filters and not spend too much money on the filters . I still have 2 packages of replacement filters that I 'll probably never use - after replacing the filter once - the mask no longer seals around my face.I think they could fix the problem if they had a dual point attachment connecting the strap to the mask . But it attaches at one point like a pair of swimming goggles so there 's not alot of flexibility to adjust the fit.My conclusion is you get what you pay for - and I 'm currently looking for another alternative to replace this respirator . It worked well initially - when I could get a good seal around my face.Jake
 I have my boats docked on the waterway and unfortunately , people do n't honor the no wake zone - slamming my boats up against the dock . Even though my pilings have bumper strips on them the wake is sometimes so much that you can hear the boats crash up against the dock . I had been searching for the right bumper for a very long time and finally found it . These bumpers are wide and stay in place . I tied them around the pilings and now - no more crashing sounds . I bought 4 of them , which came out to around $ 1,000 but it 's worth it because it 's cost me more to repair the gel coat and the dock.UPDATE 1/31/2010
 these gloves rip easily and it feels like youre wearing a mitten on your hand . mobility is very limited , does not feel natural or comfortable
 The weights recommended do not fit the rack . What a mistake ! Now it is going to cost us more to send it back ! Very disappointed and will not buy from them again .
 Not nearly as good as the majestic pants for kids . The material seems thinner and they are not cut right in my opinion -LRB- as someone who has played alot of baseball -RRB-
 JT uses el-chepo foam lining around the goggle so it was really rough on the skin . I recommend the Spectra line as it uses a nicer foam .
 Simple , this is a two piece pole , one bolt in the middle . After tighteningbolt the top pole moves back and forth still . Now I need to find a wayto modify this product.Stay away and find yourself a better product . This is a piece of garbageand i feel taken .
 This leotard is very thin and runs very small . My daughter is a petite size 7/8 and it was too tight on her . It got a hole the first day from trying it on , which required a little stretching .
 Had trouble getting the 30-amp connector onto to my male contacts . Not good internal contacts on the female part . Length is fine , just seems like the internal contacts are a bunch of seperate wires rather than a good solid piece of metal . Even had trouble getting it off the connection . Question how long the contacts will last .
 Not sure if this is an issue with the unit , or the installation or if this does n't work my roadbike . I believe I did the installation correct inline with the instructions . However , other time , none of the other functions are working well . It looks the magnet is not sensing either it is not good or the gap is too big because of the size of the wheel . If you know the answer , please let me know .
 I just got one of these , and right away had a bad feeling . I did n't get everything it said I would in the manual . I have bladed spokes and there was supposed to be a ` pad ' but none came . The buttons did n't have a very good feel to them , like I could push them and nothing would happen . Then when I tried to install the magnet , it did n't attach securely enough . I waited and got someone to help me , but the problem was n't me , it was the way the magnet was designed . If we tightened it to stay on my spoke , the nut just got pushed out and fell on the floor . So we put it on as securely as it would go , I rode once with it and it worked , but the second time I used it , the magnet fell off and got lost . I think there is a problem with the buttons too , they do n't always seem to work , although I did n't get a chance to use it enough to be sure if maybe it was just me getting mixed up . I 'm hoping to be able to return the computer and exchange it for a different model .
 This is a nice little computer but the less than 5 mm gap required between the magnet and pickup is ridiculously small . That 's about the thickness of of a stack of 3 pennies ! When I mounted the magnet at the rim of my wheel as shown in the instructions , the gap between the magnet an sensor was nearly 3 cm , or 6 time too large ! I was able to achieve the 5 mm gap by mounting the magnet about halfway down a spoke , but I 'm concerned that it will work its way up the spoke over time . At least the wire was long enough . Why not make the magnet a little stronger so that you could have a more reasonable gap ?
 My Sigma BC 506 inexplicably died in the middle of riding through Central Park NYC . It was the third ride I had used it on . The computer still functioned but it behaved as though the bike was not moving . At home I detached the sensor from the frame and it would intermittently give false readings -LRB- like 127 mph -RRB- which makes me think that the cable went bad . I installed it as per the instructions and the cable did not at any point experience any unusual amount of strain . Very shoddy construction.Beyond that , is it so difficult to have two buttons instead of one ? It would make using it much more intuitive and would add a trivial amount to the cost of production .
 The computer itself is nice but it is just impossible to mount so to respect the 5mm max gap between sensor and magnet with the provided instructions and material.The spring fork on a mountain bike is just to far from the spokes.Waisted my money .
 Maybe I 'm just old school but I wold take cheap rope stringers where they all just hang on the line over this . I thought the green hooks were coated metal . Nope they 're plastic . I 'm not even sure I 'd trust it enough to use for bait fish . As a test I hooked my finger in one of the loops and it pulled out . That one happened to be broke already and the rest held but there is no way I could trust for my fish .
 For birdwatching , I prefer a vest with as many large , USABLE pockets as possible . Unfortunately , this vest has too many small pockets that are more decorative than usable . After I bought this one , I bought the Big Pockets brand and it is far superior for my needs .
 This product is too small to really be able to shake up 5 dice . May be because I am used to larger , thicker leather tooled cups from Mexico that stand up to the fun of the game .
 I had ordered 3 marmooska rods with reels and bobbers but have received them without bobbers.I reported about this mistake . I was suggested to leave this rods and promissed to send me wright items . In case I would receive wrong items again I can send them back and receive refund , but I did not receive refund .
 Build seems very good . I opened up the unit to hook up the wires . I saw the brightly painted red terminal and figure that it was positive . Hooked up the red wire to the red painted terminal and black wire to the other terminal . Plug in my $ 1500 fish finder and nothing . After some testing the red painted terminal is GROUND ! Switched the wires around and now everything works . Thank goodness the $ 1500 investment did n't get fried because someone painted the wrong terminal !
 To be a truly `` marine grade '' plug the components should be made of stainless steel . I 'm still waiting for a manufacturer to do this . Yes the little rubber seal is a nice feature , but not enough to protect the metal parts from corrosion when the plug is not in the receptacle .
 I purchased this machine because my antique Total Gym 1000 did n't have the squat deck attachment . I wanted to do the pushing/jumping for my legs . I tried to save money and I may be very sorry about that . Either the glides or the rollers on the left side are defective . Very bumpy -LRB- not just the one obvious bump as you glide over the weld/connection on the glide bars -RRB- this thing goes bump bump bump all the way up and all the way down . No smooth glide . Not even close . Also , something is rubbing/scraping/sticking . My antique Total Gym was smooth as silk . I will be contacting the company to see what they will do . I will update with that information.Update :5 business days and no reply to my email . I will call the company and update again.Also have found out more about the defects
 I purchased this TT and it arrived with a defective glideboard . I contacted BF and they recommended that I change the rollers on the glideboard . When the rollers arrived I noticed a problem while changing the rollers with the glide channel on the glideboard . It was too narrow where the pan head pin was installed . I contacted BF again and they sent me a used glide channel a week later . The used glide channel did not have a pan head pin installed . I contacted BF again and they told me to remove the pin with snap ring pliers.I believe that with a properly operating glide board , would have made this a good purchase . I did request that the glide board be replaced and they refused . This was the last straw . I returned the TT 4000XL today and I had to pay $ 55.00 for shipping charges.I do believe in giving the opportunity for a wrong to be corrected , but BF failed me on this purchase.Vic
 I know several intermediate to good players who owned it . It never lasted more than several months . Too fragile !
 I was unable to use these because they did n't fit and had a non-adjustable nose bridge . Even with the strap as tight as it would go they would not hold out water because they would n't fit my face . I am a woman , perhaps they would work better on men . I ended up returning these and buying another kind -LRB- the JAGUAR Corrective kind -RRB- that had an adjustable nose-bridge . -LRB- I did get great service on the return , very quick refund . -RRB-
 I purchased this base for a Savage 110FP 308 . The Front base is solid however the rear base windage screws knock loose every 4 shots . Just a very bad design ; and a 308 does not have that much recoil . Stick with a cheap weaver mount , it 's much more solid . Shame
 The wristbands are fine as far as quality , but they did not come as described . They are shown with the emblem , the `` M '' , but came with the word Mizuno written out and a different , triangular symbol on it . So you really do n't know what you are getting . Much more branded looking and not what I wanted . Two starts because functionality is fine .
 Unless you have wrists like a small child , these are crap . I would not recommend these to friends . TOO SMALL !
 This is fine as long as you do n't plan to wipe sweat from your face with it . The wristband leaves black fuzz wherever it goes . Not the best .
 When I fianlly got the Jersey it was in good shape . Delivery was a joke , and the seller never provided tracking information and the package was delivered beyond the delivery range.I kept cooresponding with the seller and they kept saying it was in the mail . This went on for 2 weeks ! Then one day the jersey arrived . Keep in mind the seller is in Chicago and I live in St Louis that 300 miles ! It should not take 4 weeks to deliver an in stock item which it was listed as !
 I love the Bears . It 's impossible for any Bears fan to not love Walter Payton . With that love I ordered this jersey and it shipped to me from FansEdge . The shipping and billing was very speedy and with little delay I had the jersey delivered to my doorstep . It went downhill from there.As soon as I opened the package I noticed that the ` GSH ' -LRB- George S. Halas -RRB- initials had been sewn over and was broken . Very disappointing . I called FansEdge and they were great on the phone and sent me another jersey . While waiting for the replacement jersey I wore the defective one . By the time the replacement jersey came the iron-on stripes on the sleeves started to peel off . I figured it was just a defective jersey and opened the replacement one . It was exactly the same way . So either FansEdge received a batch of jerseys that were of poor quality or Reebok is maximizing their profit margins and overpricing a cheaply made jersey with one of the most incredible athletes ever name on it.After asking and waiting 2 weeks for FansEdge to check their supply of jerseys to see if they were all like this with no reply ... I cancelled my order . I am still waiting for a refund . This has been over a month now.With the poor support of FansEdge and what appears like a poorly made jersey I can not recommend anyone getting this . If you absolutely want one I recommend buying from a brick and mortar store .1 / 5
 No self respecting Bears or Payton fan would accept this jersey as a Throwback jersey . I am pretty sure when Payton was playing NFL did n't have a deal with reebok . This is NOT A THROWBACK its a current bears jersey with the number 34 and the name Payton on it . If your last name is payton and your favorite number is 34 this jersey is perfect for you . Other wise you can get thise from the Chinese Jersey sites for 18-20USD .
 First Amazon review I have ever written . I.team arrived and the only leasson I learned was to moe closley read irem description , because if I had , I might have seen that it was only 1 pair of socks , not the 3 or 6 pair that other socks have been . The price of $ 7.50 per sock will teach me . A lesson well learned .
 When I fianlly got the Jersey it was in good shape . Delivery was a joke , and the seller never provided tracking information and the package was delivered beyond the delivery range.I kept cooresponding with the seller and they kept saying it was in the mail . This went on for 2 weeks ! Then one day the jersey arrived . Keep in mind the seller is in Chicago and I live in St Louis that 300 miles ! It should not take 4 weeks to deliver an in stock item which it was listed as !
 I love the Bears . It 's impossible for any Bears fan to not love Walter Payton . With that love I ordered this jersey and it shipped to me from FansEdge . The shipping and billing was very speedy and with little delay I had the jersey delivered to my doorstep . It went downhill from there.As soon as I opened the package I noticed that the ` GSH ' -LRB- George S. Halas -RRB- initials had been sewn over and was broken . Very disappointing . I called FansEdge and they were great on the phone and sent me another jersey . While waiting for the replacement jersey I wore the defective one . By the time the replacement jersey came the iron-on stripes on the sleeves started to peel off . I figured it was just a defective jersey and opened the replacement one . It was exactly the same way . So either FansEdge received a batch of jerseys that were of poor quality or Reebok is maximizing their profit margins and overpricing a cheaply made jersey with one of the most incredible athletes ever name on it.After asking and waiting 2 weeks for FansEdge to check their supply of jerseys to see if they were all like this with no reply ... I cancelled my order . I am still waiting for a refund . This has been over a month now.With the poor support of FansEdge and what appears like a poorly made jersey I can not recommend anyone getting this . If you absolutely want one I recommend buying from a brick and mortar store .1 / 5
 No self respecting Bears or Payton fan would accept this jersey as a Throwback jersey . I am pretty sure when Payton was playing NFL did n't have a deal with reebok . This is NOT A THROWBACK its a current bears jersey with the number 34 and the name Payton on it . If your last name is payton and your favorite number is 34 this jersey is perfect for you . Other wise you can get thise from the Chinese Jersey sites for 18-20USD .
 Not low-draw voltage . Even if they say they are . Luckily we have two batteries . Within 20 minutes of use , we were dead in the water.The lights only projected about 7 feet of light on the water.And for marine lights , they should be pretty water tight . These were installed on our pontoon boat , roughly 21/2 feet off the water , in a place that only gets splashes of water -LRB- no worse than a sprinkle rain -RRB- . The lenses have condensation ... again , 20 minutes of use.These things are awful . If you want `` docking lights '' you need more than 7 feet of visability ... . Buy a spot light , these were awful . I did give them one star though , because they turned on . HAHAHA
 Very flimsy and certainly not an XL which I ordered . I would pass on this product . Very disappointed in it .
 Simply , these pants are heavily overpriced . They 're made out of chip synthetic material -LRB- and not from natural materials as this company promotes on their official web page -RRB- . I bought XL size pants and after first delicate washing and drying , they shrunk to a medium size , so I gave them away . 60 dollars for nothing ... Especially , if you 're 6 feet tall -LRB- or above -RRB- .
 I would not spend my money on one of these again . One of the latches has already broken after about a month of use.It `` squirts '' the balls quite often instead of picking them up . I can pick up my balls with two baskets quicker than I can with this thing.Not worth what I paid for it .
 After riding about 15 miles , on the Inline Thorn Resistant 26 '' x 1.75 / 2.0 tube , on dry pavement , climbing a hil , the valve separated from the tube . I emailed Niagra Bikes about the problem , and received no response from them . I have decided to take my business elsewhere .
 I bought three pairs of these in preparation for an event that would require various family members to stand outdoors in sub-freezing temperatures for several hours . Two of the pairs warmed slightly , not really a measurable feeling of heat -- more like lukewarm -- for less than ten minutes . The third pair was actually toasty for about a half hour , and then the heat dissipated.There 's no way of knowing whether this item will work or not until you use it . We were counting on the warmers to keep our feet from freezing , and instead suffered a painful disappointment .
 YES , I HAVE USED THESE AND OTHER PERSONAL WARMING PRODUCTS BY GERBER . WHILE THEY SEEM LIKE LIFE SAVERS , THEY ARE UNCOMFORTABLE TO USE . THEY DO N'T WARM A LARGE AREA , IE THE WHOLE FOOT , ONLY SMALL PORTION OF THE TOP OF THE FOOT . ALSO YOU ALMOST HALF THE TIME GET NON WORKING WARMERS , I HAVE BOUGHT MANY GERBER WARMERS AS WELL AS OTHER BRANDS , AND I FIND THAT THEY WORK ALMOST ONLY 50 % OF THE TIME . I DO N'T KNOW WHY MAYBE BECAUSE THE BATCH IS OLD OR THEY SHIFT TO MUCH IN SHIPPING . DO N'T WAST YOUR MONEY ON THESE PRODUCTS . I HAVE FOUND WHILE IN EXTREME COLD WEATHER THICK WOOL SOCKS OR EVEN PRICEY BATTERY POWERED HEATED SOCKS WORK BEST . JUST REMEMBER TO CHANGE SOCKS CONSTANTLY TO AVOID TRENCH FOOT , AND FROST-BITE . ALWAYS KEEP YOUR BOOTS DRY , AND HAVE A SECOND PAIR .
 this is a good lookin gun but with out a battry come on know this is bull
 This gun stinks broke in less than one week . Do n't buy . My friend accidentally dried fired it twice and it broke . STINKS !!!!!!
 Good looking rifle but it only holds 30 pellets . You go through that in a couple seconds on full-auto then have to reload and it 's a big pain to reload all the time . My son does n't even use in now because of that .
 I bought a similar bell bike rack about four years ago . I do n't use it that much maybe 2 or 3 times a year at most . The pin that holds it into the trailer hitch sheered off the other day . When I called up the company they do not have a replacement part . It was a rather specialized pin in that it was like a bolt with screws and a hole in the end for the carter pin . It looks like I am going to have to replace the entire unit to be on the safe side .
 The outfit was made for a short , fat baby . The snaps for changing do not completely open the legs , the cuffs remain closed , so changing the baby is difficult . I do not recommend .
 I thought from the reviews this would be fairly sturdy rope , it was n't , it was pretty limp . For the price I suppose i got what I paid for .
 I was not pleased with this product . The rope is n't heavy enough to swing easily , it gets tangled very easily .
 Rope is too light for any reasonable jump roping . You have to REALLY slow down the swing to give the rope chance to catch up . Went straight for trash .
 I bought this jump rope because I figured there could n't be that much difference in basic models . I mean it 's a rope between to handles ! Sadly I was mistaken , like previous reviews , the rope is limp and hardly makes it around more than a few times before it trips you up . Save your bucks and spend a few more bucks to get a good rope .
 dont know why this is selling for over 8 dollars can get the same stuff at walmart for less than 5
 I placed Evolved Habitats buck licker apple mineral blocks out in front of two of my three trail cameras . I got less pictures on those two cameras than when i had not had the blocks there . My cameras are out almost all year . One full month with the blocks in front of two cameras producted 6 pictures compared 24 pictures with no block and only one camera .
 My son used his birthday money to buy this bat 80 bucks , bat broke during third swingwill not buy from mizuno again .
 I bought this bat for my son , He plays for a American Legion Team and they only use wood bats . This bat broke in the third game under normal use . Contacted Mizuno and they said too bad !
 The company is great and shipping is wonderful . The product falls apart , the steering system never tightens up . The wheels are plastic and do n't move well , then after a short time the pedal just moved but the wheel did n't . Disappointing for the cost .
 It a very perty Pink , my then three year old loved it for about a week ! Got left out side in the rain and sun , color faded and paddes fell off .
 My husband said they do not stay on his feet at all . He wears a size 11 shoe .
 Since most of the gold toe socks come in packages of three , I assumed I was paying about $ 7.00 for several pairs . After all it says `` Anklets '' , not anklet ! There is one LARGE pair . They will work for someone who wears are larger shoe size , but I am going to have to return them or give them away .
 I recently bought the Gaiam 4mm Eco Conscious Rubber Yoga mat because i want to practice my yoga on a environmentally friendly high quality mat . After receiving this mat , i am EXTREMELY disappointed . I feel cheated . They claim that it is 4mm , but i measured it to be 2mm between the bumps and maximum 3mm on the bumps . The mat is very flimsy , stretchy and slippery . After 1 use it looks like it is rubbing apart.Gaiam claims that it is a natural rubber mat , but it sure does not feel like a natural rubber mat . I have used a natural rubber mat at my studio , but it is completly different that this mat . Even my instructor questions whether this is actually a natural rubber mat , since it feels so different than the high quality natural rubber mat at the studio . If i wanted a cheap mat , I would have just bought one of the low quality PVC mats . I should have spent the extra $ 5 - $ 10 and bought a mat from a company that is know for their quality . Dont make the same mistake i made !
 Not nearly as good as the majestic pants for kids . The material seems thinner and they are not cut right in my opinion -LRB- as someone who has played alot of baseball -RRB-
 This product did arrive on time , but the rope itself was already cracking in places , and was very stiff . I have found a much higher quality rope at a local sporting goods store for about the same price ... I recommend buying your jump rope from a local retail outlet !
 I bought these thinking that 8 Dollar clamps wo n't hurt . Besides it will keep my damn weights in place for my E-Z curl bar . But that was not to be the case with this blind buy . The problem which I encountered is that these wont fit my Olympic bar and they also wouldnt fit the E-Z curl bar , which amazon recommended me to buy along with it -LRB- Curl bar -RRB- . I personally suggest a lockjaw because they are quick and covenient & wouldnt give you unnecessary extra hassle of wrestling with the clamps while you are working out .
 I bought these thinking it was going to be easy to put on and off but it takes 2 hands to compress it enough in order for it to slide on the end of my bar and i am no panzy . i think for the price golds gym offers a way better product .
 I only give it one star because they wo n't let me give it 0 . How do you screw up a product that has only one purpose and no moving parts . I 'm not sure but they did . These collars will NOT fit on a 2 inch Olympic bar , making them completely useless .
 These are poor quality barbell collars . I was hoping that these would be the same as the standard -LRB- high quality -RRB- 2 '' barbell collars that you would find at any commercial gym , but they are not . The springs are very easy to compress , which indicates poor quality . Also the picture used does not depict the actual collars I received . The picture shows collars with handles that angle away from the springs , but the ones received come straight down from springs . That makes them harder to put on and take off , because there is not enough room for your hands .
 Unlike other reviewers , mine fit both on my barbell bar and my Olympic dumbbell bar . I guess I got lucky.However , they 're not particularly sturdy . They do all right on the barbell , but when I do a dumbbell lift that makes the weight go vertical -LRB- hammer curls , tricep extensions , etc -RRB- I find the clamps slipping with any semi-decent weight -LRB- 40 + lbs per side -RRB- . This is VERY disconcerting when it 's going above your head for a tricep extension . I 've quit doing those lifts for the time being , as much as it upsets me . Getting a massive head injury does n't sound like fun , or a good workout.I 'm currently trying to find some better clamps . They 're cheap but you get what you pay for I guess .
 I should have listened to the other reviews , the collars do n't hug the bar at all . They slide on and off with no resistance . I picked up a set of Gold 's Gym collars at Wal-Mart for about $ 8.00 , they work great and have plastic coated handles . I would not recommend these .
 I bought 4 sets of these to replace my current crappy collars . Too bad these suck even more . They slide right on and off when they are tightened . There is no need to squeeze the handles to open them up and slide em on . What good is it to have these things if they do n't hold on tight ? Only 1 out of the 8 collars worked . Horrible .
 I bought 2 pairs . 0 of 4 fit on my new olympic bars . 3 of 4 barely fit on my old bar , but it is difficult , even with two hands and the handles touching -LRB- collar full open -RRB- . My 2 '' weights fit , should n't a 2 '' collar ? I will return both pairs if they let me .
 This product will not fit any of your olympic bars and as many have likely found out , it is not worth the effort to return it . They are `` over sprung '' and would take complete compression to get on a bar . I could not get them on any of my three bars . DO NOT BUY THIS SHODDY PRODUCT . Yet another `` amazon prime product '' quickly becomming synonymous with `` second hand products not worth the purchase price where you are actually paying for shipping because the product is worthless and free '' ... I was so mad that this happened with an `` amazon prime producgt '' again that I just cancelled my amazon prime membership and signed up with Barnes and Noble . Prime is becomming a clearing house for substandard and secondhand products ... what a shame ... I use to do MEGA business with Amazon ... today I am looking for a new place to buy .
 I bought these thinking it would be a quick and convenient way to get the weight plates off my new Olympic-style barbell . Nothing could be further from the truth . They do n't fit - at all . I 'm perfectly capable of compressing these clips as far as they will go and you still could n't drive these onto the end of the bar with a mallet . They 're clearly not meant for a standard size bar either -LRB- way too big -RRB- . They were inexpensive to be sure , but a complete waste of money . Not even worth the expense of shipping them back . Do n't buy these .
 these spring collars are a mixed bag - I bought several pair , to use on my two plate trees to secure the weights when I 'm not in my gym . Several of them are so tight , they 're almost impossible to get on the post . Ridiculously tight .
 I have a Troy olympic barbell which is fairly high quality and certainly built to tighter tolerances than these collars . The collars are visibly crooked and do n't fit on the bar without a ridiculous amount of manhandling .
 When on a shopping spree of ordering new equipment and barbells these spring collars came on as an additional add on . Figuring I needed more clips for the barbells I added this item without reading the reviews . As almost everyone else has said these collars are TO SMALL ! I can fit them on the bar but only if I squeeze them the hardest I can and slowly inch them along the bar . Once on the bar though its even harder to get off ! I had to have my friend pull the bar from one end when I squeezed the collar as hard as possible to get it off the bar . I do n't think I will even give this as a gift to someone who wants to use them to up there grip . Horrible collars and what makes it even better is that there shipped from the US Postal Service yay !!!!!!! -LRB- Sarcasm insert here -RRB- Your gon na have so much fun ordering these !! First you 'll receive collars that wont work at all ! Yahooooo !! Then you can have the postal service have ` multiple failed attempts to deliver ' Even though you live two houses away from the post box and are home both times they try ! If you have an IQ of 50 or less I stroooongly agree to purchase this item .
 I have never posted a review of a product before , but I must tell you these collars are a waste of money . I can compress them as far as possible and they wo n't fit on my straight Olympic bar or on my Olympic EZ curl bar . I suggest finding another product for your needs .
 Do n't even bother getting these . With the first set I got , one of the collars was too loose ; it would slide off in the middle of a set with hardly any force pushing on it . So I returned them . Amazon , thankfully , has easy returns no questions asked , however the second set I received had the EXACT same problem . Do n't waste your time with these garbage collars
 I have never posted a review on amazon but these are so bad that I have to warn others . I should have read the reviews , but I did n't . Now I 'm looking for some other models to buy .
 I have been lifting for over 30 years and these are the worst collars I have ever seen or purchased . Good luck getting them on . Really bad design .
 The pair I received did n't have concentric circles when squeezed . One barely made it onto my Olympic bar with excessive force . The other would n't go no matter how hard I tried . Buyer beware .
 This is the third different type of spring collar that I have purchased and used . The first two types , from different manufacturers have been great . This product is by far the least usable . When I squeeze the collar to slide it on or off the collar twists to a diagonal alignment and maintains a lot of friction against the bar . This makes it very difficult to slide on and off.I think they are crap and would never purchase them again
 This is not the standard dump pouch that you would expect to get . It is very small and requires Molle space avalible . Do n't buy unless you want a smaller pouch .
 I have been a fisherman for about 18 years and have spent a buck or two on fillet knives . My other Gerber knives are fantastic , which disappointed me when I had to sharpen this knife after cleaning 3 walleye . The flexibility on this knife is fantastic , but it seems like it can not hold a good edge . -LRB- In case you are wondering , no I am not a noob my wusthof knives are used daily and are sharpened to a razors edge . -RRB-
 I 've had this vest for three days . I use it mainly to run and do not recommend it . The first day I ran with this thing on , within three steps the straps loosened up and the vest began to bounce up and down , and side to side.I refused to turn around and go home to adjust it , so I had to hold the thing down with my hands as I ran . Very annoying . The second day , I tried knotting the straps together and although it helped , it still ended up loosing up enough to make it bounce up and down slightly . I just got back from running with it on the third day in a row , and again , did n't say on tight . Another thing worth noting is that the vest kind of feels like its slipping off your shoulders as you run , but does n't actually do so . Feels like its pulling down and out on your shoulders , and if you lift your arms up , you can feel it restraining some movement . I 'm probably going to return it tomorrow . Dont buy this vest .
 do not get this vest to run in ! It would n't last more than 15-30 seconds and it was bouncing all around and the buckle straps stretched out too .
 I do crossfit as well . On my off days I run to increase my cardo . About four days a week . This vest bounced all around while I was running 3.6 miles . By the end of the run the vest was ripped where the belt goes through , and the wieght pocket ripped and the weight fell out . This product is horrible !! Do n't buy unless you plan to power walk . lol .
 Very unhappy with this purchase from Amazon !! How can amazon sell an advertised `` 20 pound '' weight vest , when they send you a 18 pound vest ? This vest had 2 pounds of weights missing . I was n't paying for an `` 18 pound '' weight vest !! Amazon needs to get this right BEFORE they sell these vests !!! I am returning this vest immediately !!
 The clasps on the vest will not stay tight . As soon as you start to move around the vest comes loose and begins to bounce around . Very uncomfortable having 20 pounds bounce around your body when you are trying to workout . Huge disappointment for the price .
 The straps on this to hold it to you are pretty bad . If your just going to power walk then go for it , but for any intense exercising i would look elsewhere .
 after 10 days of normal walking with the vest ... the seam along the shoulder began to tear . I would n't recommend this vest to anyone . Svae your money and buy a high end vest that will last .
 Bought this item for my son . With average use , -LRB- 2-3 days a week -RRB- the vest did not last long . Investing in a more expensive vest would have saved money in the long run . Vest is frayed and torn around most of the seams . Again , poor , poor quality . Not worth the money .
 This vest started to come apart at the seams the second time I wore it for a workout . The weight literally fell out . I would not recommend this vest .
 I just got this vest because I 'm really into CrossFit and wanted to improve my performance . On the first day of use I did rowing , lunges and jump-roping . The workout lasted for approximately 28 minutes , and the vest was ruined . There were two large tears at the seams surrounding the top front weights , and the mesh had started ripping as well . If you 're doing anything more active than walking , this vest is not for you .
 The straps that wrap around the vest lose their tightness within a day or so , if you do intensive training . I would recommend it for those who simply want to power walk , but for those who intend to run ... be wary of this flaw . Fact , I never got a chance to even run in it because when I started doing sit-ups and push-ups in it.I would rate it much better if not for that one problem . However , that one flaw is -LRB- to me -RRB- the most important aspect of the vest , so it kills the score.DO NOT BUY unless you plan to do exercises do n't demand too much movement , i.e. running , jumping jacks , etc. . The straps just ca n't hold up .
 I replaced some of my worn out decoys this year , decided to order 3 different brands of decoys and use the best of what I ordered , this was the one I liked the least . Color and materials did not compare in quality with the others .
 Not nearly as good as the majestic pants for kids . The material seems thinner and they are not cut right in my opinion -LRB- as someone who has played alot of baseball -RRB-
 No good for me because the light bleeds into my eyes . I complained to my girlfriend and she said there 's a circle of light on my face which includes my eyes . I put the light on her but the light shadow is lower , starting just below her eyes . Our heads must be shaped differently . So depending on your head shape , the light may or may not work for you.As others have noted , the switch is also kind of a pain , since it 's recessed and requires it to be pressed just ever so , and you have to go through all the modes just to turn the darn thing off.On the bright side -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , this thing is rated at 28 lumens but seems brighter than my Princeton Tec Remix rated at 100 lumens . However , I 'm using the Princeton because it does n't bleed the light into my eyes .
 Bought two of these at a local home supply store but returned them after trying them out at home . I found the light to be pitifully weak , certainly nowhere near the advertised 36 lumens . I returned them and purchased a pair of Princeton Tec Fuel head lamps , which were more expensive -LRB- about $ 7 more apiece -RRB- but function much better and feel better built.There are lots of other good reviews for these lamps , so maybe others have had better luck than I did , but I would not recommend .
 The description is of the 6 LED model but the picture is of the 3 LED model . I wonder which one you 'd get if you ordered it .
 I have bought both the 3 - and the 6-LED Energizer headlights . They 're great . I love them . -LRB- I got them for $ 6 and $ 10 , respectively , at Home Depot . -RRB- The BIG problem is that they simply do n't last . I do use them on a daily basis , but both broke repeatedly over just a few months of use . They simply -LRB- literally -RRB- fall apart . They can be repaired -- for a while -- but when you need a headlight in the wilderness , you need something reliable . The Energizer headlights do not meet that requirement , thus I would advise against them . Pity !
 I was dismayed to discover that the light housing of this headlamp allow spill right down into your eyes ; basically rendering the lamp useless without modification.I used electricians tape to form a mask on mine , but I consider this a glaring deign flaw .
 Bought this product as a gift for my father which is a HUGE LSU fan . I was very excited to get this for him bc this seemed to be the only thing LSU he does not have . When the product came in all 8 light were broke off the top of the stadium . There was a note inside that said . Be careful light will break easily . Guess whoever packaged it did n't follow the directions . Also the stickers on the score board was just about peeled all the way off . Had to buy some super glue & fix all of this the day before Christmas . Father loved the gift anyway despite the glue marks . Oh well . Geaux Tigers .
 I have owned two of these watches , one of which I bought from Amazon . Both of them ended up leaking after a few months ... showing water on the inside of the crystal ... just from swimming laps ... nothing deep . It 's a very pretty watch and runs well , but do n't wear it while swimming .
 This sucks so bad you could have more fun watching a cow give birth
 Lasted less than a month before it started to fall apart on me . The fabric pulled free from the stitching leaving open gaps in the seams .
 I like the first EA active . This one was very disappointing to me . I like the sports-type exercises , and this one has only 2 new ones - paddling and waterskiing . The squash is just a re-hash of tennis from the first one , while the boxing is the same as the first one , just featuring a person instead of targets . Very limited selection of stuff compared to the original EA active .
 I purchased this title -LRB- EA Sports Active More Workouts -RRB- along with EA Sports Active -LRB- the original game package -RRB- , both at the same time as a new user to both . I also use a Wii Balance Board.The `` EA Sports
 Okay , this is a great workout and could have been a great idea if it were not for the annoying thigh strap -LRB- which holds the nunchuck -RRB- I had to keep stopping and pulling the dang thing back up on my thigh as it repeatedly keeps sliding down . . and also the nunchuck is hard to insert back in the holster , which is required to take in and out again and again . If it were not for these unavoidable hassles it would be a fun to use every day , but mine is back in the box where it will most likely stay .
 It needed a special holder to hold the num chuck . Software unusable without it . Ad never said anything about needing something else .
 You need to purchase a leg band in order to use this . You ca n't use without it . It does n't tell you it is required until you go to use it .
 So I guess I did n't read the details well enough to realize that the leg bands used on this version are not the same as the legbands used on the Active 2 game . So now I have to buy more stuff before we can use this game . It might be awsome but I 'm not happy about having to spend more money on Wii accessories . I wanted to post this so that others are n't caught off guard the way I was . Like I said , I must not have read the packaging well enough - but it does n't use the same leg bands as the other Wii Active games .
 Okay , so I just do n't understand how this gets higher ratings than the EA Sports Active 2 -LRB- EASA 2 -RRB- . I bought them both several weeks ago and have been going back and forth between them in order to compare them . Although this has more preset workouts than the EASA 2 , the fact that it does n't use the same accessories -LRB- heart rate band and leg sensor -RRB- really bothers me . I did n't realize this uses a totally different leg strap when I bought it , otherwise I probably would n't have bought this . While the original EASA 2 uses the heart rate monitor -LRB- strapped around your left forearm -RRB- and the leg sensor -LRB- strapped around your right thigh -RRB- , this game uses the nunchuck that you 're supposed to secure in a special -LRB- ie purchase separately -RRB- leg band . For all the exercises -LRB- except the warm up and cool down stretches -RRB- you have to either use both the nunchuck and wii remote or tuck the nunchuck away in the leg strap and hold the wii remote in your dominant hand . I found it cumbersome to hold the wii remote for exercises that clearly did n't need it , such as step aerobics or squats using the resistance band . Also , since I did n't have the right leg band -LRB- again , I did n't see it stated anywhere that this used different accessories than the EASA 2 -RRB- I just put the nunchuck in my pants pocket , which did n't work very well , as during running or squating exercises the nunchuck moved around in my pocket . Overall , I find the EASA More Workouts too much trouble to bother with . If it used the heart rate monitor and leg sensor , this review would probably be much different , as some of the new fitness activities are pretty fun , such as the Obstacle Course and Squash . I really like the EASA 2 , so that 's going to be my go-to workout game from now on .
 I did not like this one more than the original . I find it hard to use . The avatar is moving when you are not and not moving when you are . Working out is a pain already and this makes it even more painful . I wish I would have saved my money . They really need to work on the timing of this product . Also the avatars voice and lecturing on your movements can be annoying .
 First , you do not need to purchase the first wii active to use this one , also you can not use any of the first wii active activities on this game they do not transfer over , unlike with the wii fit plus . In addition you will most likely face problems with the nunchuk syncing , the activities are pretty good but because of the sync problems I would not recommend this game . It is very frustrating .
 The accessories in this game are made of natural rubber latex , so if you have allergies , this is not a game for you . Thank goodness I found out before I bought the game !
 I was frustrated by the slow pacing and lackluster cardio workouts with Wii Fit , so I bought this game for something a little more challenging . This game is close to being great , but a couple of key problems are ruining it for me.First the positive
 Got this along with EA Active 2 . Have never used EA Active 1 . Compared to EA Active 2 it is just okay . I could do without this game . It is frustrating because you can not use the wireless sensors and heart rate monitor that come with the EA Active 2 and the cord gets tangled up when you 're working out . After I was done with the 9 week program in EA Active 2 I tried doing the 6 week program in this game , and after the first workout I was so bored with it that I could n't go on . I will probably give this away . It would be okay for someone who is just used to the original maybe , but this is not comparable to EA Active 2 .
 If you are going to play a real game of fooseball , you are going to need some foosballs that are n't as bouncy or as light as these .
 The balls are great , how can you mess that up . But gamecraft can not seem to get the number of balls right . I ordered 72 , and I got 12 . I called to get the order right and I was sent 12 again . It has now been over 2 weeks and I am still waiting for the 72 to show up .
 It appears , after much correspondence , that Amazon/Fogdog had no intention of selling the advertised item -LRB- baseball glove -RRB- at the advertised price . In classic `` bait and switch '' sales tactics , they , instead , sent a pair of shoes -LRB- of some haphazardly chosen size -RRB- instead of the right hand throw baseball glove ordered.At the `` end of the day '' , they did not even offer to remedy their apparent fraud by offering to supply the ordered item , the Akadema ADB-138 baseball glove from any number of reputable vendors which carry this item.What makes this situation all the more heinous , is that if I had not happened to open the baseball glove which I ordered for my son for Christmas , but just wrapped the box it was shipped in , my son would have been more than the disappointed boy who did not get the glove he had asked for , but a pair of the wrong size shoes , for which he had no use ! The only offer from Amazon/Fogdog was that I could buy something else from them !
 Great value and nice design . Nice build quality ... . metal strength unknow at this time .
 I do n't know how people can give this ball more than 1 star . I simply ca n't believe that human beings become so strong from 20 years ago that they can play this brick like ball . I know that there is good and bad volleyballs but they are at least have appropriate weight . This is the worst ever ball . One that does n't bounce of your hands at all . It is as if you are playing with a soccer ball . Believe me , it may be replica but they would n't play there with such a disaster . Brick regular brick .
 I would not recommend this product . They are too big to fit on the handle bars of any of my family 's bikes . My husband thinks he can find a way to make them work but they should work as is ! I do n't know who has a bike with handle bars this size but it will not hold a drink unless you want it held upside down .
 The Reel is JUNK !! If it was not such a hassle I would send it back . Reel did not work out of the Box !! skippy
 This item looks so cheap it does not as seen as picture . Do not waste your money I bought it as a gift when I see it was snock . It is just 5 dolar produck if the turnig procude was not so long I will sent it back but already trash its box
 I just got done assembling this piece of garbage . I spent $ 60 on a bike for myself at a local retail chain a week ago , and have had no problems . This bike was a problem before it was ever ridden . Out of the box , the front wheel was bent , and the collar nut that the handlebar shaft has to slide through was dented , making it impossible for the shaft to pass through . There was no visible damage to the box , leading me to believe that the damage did n't occur during shipping . I got out a file and a mallet , and made the handlebars fit . I installed the pedals and seat , adjusted the brakes , and filled the tires . I rolled the bike out of the garage for a test ride , and discovered that not only was the front wheel bent , but the bearing sounded like it had been sitting in a bucket of salt water for a week . When I tried to shift gears , I found that the derailleurs were sorely in need of adjustment . Any attempt to shift the front gears caused the chain to jump the sprocket . Tomorrow , I 'll probably spend $ 100 on a tuneup at the local bike shop . Good thing my daughter wo n't be back from vacation until Sunday . Hopefully her new bike will be ready by then .
 You are right this gun steinks i get the gun and when i open it out of the box it wieghs NOTHING it seems like a slab of plastic then when i test it a peice of the plastic broke off it doesnt come with batterys and the fireing is horrible i would rate this a -10 it steinks
 this gun is really bad . sure it looks wicked cool but it breaks wicked easy . the saftey broke on mine so sometimes it shoots and sometimes it doesnt . the first night i used it , it was already shooting bad . my friend got 1 too and something broke with the internals . ethier buy a colt 1911 made by some other company besides JLS ot just get a glock with a silencer like i am .
 You know the old saying `` You get what you pay for '' ? Well , that 's the case here ... It 's cheap , it does n't work well , it does n't even really look that good once you get it ... It 's just not worth it .
 I ordered mine at amazon.com 's back in early December . I am still waiting for it . They have delayed it 3 times already . They are telling me now that I might get it come April . At this rate , perhaps I will finally get it before next Christmas ! Do n't be fooled by their `` 1-2 days shipping '' . Sure , it only takes 1-2 days to ship it ; after they hold your order for 4 MONTHS . Other than amazon.com , this might be a good product .
 I bought this at a local Sporting Goods store for $ 150 because of the price and brought it to the range . I could range the 50 , 100 and 150 signs . I was able to range the 181 yard flag ... once only . And the bright yellow 200 yard sign ... forget it . I tried until the battery was dying , balanced it against a board and still could n't hit it . Forget all the other pins . I was able to return it and am waiting for a Nikon with it 's First Priority program to go on sale . Maybe good for other uses , but not golf .
 Any pin over 166 yards I could not get it to engage .
 This unit works effectively only under 200 yds . and will not find a pin on the green.In order to get a reading , you must focus on a golf cart , a tree , or a person on the green . The rangefinder can work well in hunting when a large stationary target is available , but for golf , although very accurate , has limited application .
 This product does not lock on to flags over 130 yards with any consistency . I would not recommend this item .
 This item was returned for credit . It simply does not work outside of about 100 yards . Beyond 100 yards or so , when the flag was in front of any other target -LRB- i.e. trees , etc. -RRB- it would only register the farther away target . When only the flag was visible , it would not register the distance at all .
 I got this item as a gift in the winter I could not use it until late summer . Bushnel says it was not made for golf but for hunting . It does not give true readings to the flag at all . It is advertised as using for that shot of a life time , What a line of bull.They will do nothing for me because I did not contact them within 30 days . An impossibility since I could not try it for a few months . DO NOT BUY FOR GOLF !!!
 I had this rangefinder once and sold it , I miss it so I got the one I have now , but it seem this one take longer to get my yardages , also I feel it does not fine a long range like 200 yards and be on.and some times it does give me the yarders , could it be a bad battery?Eddie Irlanda
 Total waste of money if you are using for golf . This unit that I purchased will give false readings on yardage and sometimes will not give yardage . Sent it back to Bushnell and they sent it back to me and said nothing was wrong . Save your money and buy a good rangefinder
 I play executive courses in Florida and many of these are located in housing developments . Flags are frequently in front of houses and or trees . It is difficult to obtain the correct yardage for these holes . There also is very little support on how to align on the target whether it is the flag , flag pole , front of green , etc. . My iGolf GPS unit is much more useful .
 You should make sure to hold tight this yardage during the game . If you drop it on the course , it can be broken and the Bushnell repair center tell you it is outside the warranty.It works great within your hands , but when it falls from your hand , it goes out of order .
 Very cumbersome to use . It is so big you have use both hands to hold it steady , you also have to remove your hat because it will not fit under the bill of a golf/baseball hat . Forget about putting it in your pocket or clipping it onto your belt ... you would not be able to swing . I felt like I was bird watching on the course the few times I used it ... though it did provide accurate yardages .
 I do n't have any big problem with its technical specs . My Pro Tour XL works , but its design is flawed . Because its power button is bumped and very sensitive , the device can get powered on very easily in the maker-supplied carrying case . You notice every time you simply put it back in the carrying case , the device turns on . I 'm sure that it gets on whenver I grab it or it 's packed with other stuff in a golf bag . As a result , battery drain is significant . One battery lasted only two months for just a few rounds of play . At this rate , costs of batteries can quickly surpass the price of this device !
 screen quickly became fogged . weight would keep changing meaning you guess at what this fish weighed . Last fish on the scale was a drum and the chain pulled out of the bottom of the scale . Not for me .
 By the time I get the darn thing in position to open the end and position it perfectly to grip the fish in the lip , the fish , has already broken my line and got a away . What waist of money and time . So frustrated with this and `` THE BIG ONE '' did get away .
 We bought this Mongoose bike on Amazon but it really has n't been a good experience . We bought the bike in November 2009 . My son and I put the bike together and when it came down to putting on the front wheel , we found the rim was bent . We contacted Amazon and they told us that we could either -LRB- i -RRB- take a discount , -LRB- ii -RRB- buy another wheel on our own , or -LRB- iii -RRB- return the entire bike and they would replace it . We took option -LRB- iii -RRB- and dismantled the bike , packed it back in the shipping box and waited for the new bike to show up a few days later . We got all the parts the second time around . However , when my son started riding the bike up hills , the gears started to skip . We have contacted Mongoose customer service but have not heard anything back . We may have to pay for servicing the gears and that is too bad . The bike is nice to look at but its not like the great Mongoose bikes we have had in our family to date . Buyer beware !
 Bike gear mechanism broke within days . Very disappointed and thinking about returning -LRB- which will be a pain due to size -RRB- .
 My husband put it together according to the plans but as we took it out for a spin first it would n't fit on the bike rack on the car , we had to bungy it on . Secondly , I can not turn the wheel without it rubbing my shoe . I am only 5 ' 4 '' so it is not like I am of abnormal stature . I feel I can not even ride this bike .
 The watch I purchased listed above will be returned . It does not keep accurate time . However much I like the watch , I also ordered another Invicta watch that better fits me , but most importantly keeps accurate time . The mens Yellow-faced Invicta watch is always running fast , and the days are spelled in English and another language , but do not correspond with the accurate time nor date.Thank you , Brian Simmons828-320-26026244 Gull Cove Ln NEHickory , NC 28601
 Yeah i 'm knew to airsoft and i 'm the kinda guy who likes sniping . So when i saw this gun i was like , `` all right a kool sniper for a good price . '' when i finally got it i was showin my friend and it shot out about 5 bb 's and after that is just stopped . It was weird it would n't shoot when i held it regularly but when i held it upside down it would . i later found out that it was a problem with the clip . and i also found out the the auto winder i was given was junk too . i put the batteries in and it would just get stuck . so overall if u want to waste some money on a gun that will break instantly then by all means this gun is for you .
 my friend bought this gun and was super excited when he got it . It sputered out one bb and then died . it hasnt worked since . do not buy
 I road this bike for the first time today . I got to walk it home . The gear shifter boke off into my spokes and bent the rim . This bike is a unreliable piece of junk .
 Great-looking watch with fatal flaw . The paint on the buttons started to come-off soon after I stated using -- making top buttons unreadable after awhile .
 The frisbee I ordered was not the one I received . The ad stated that the color would vary , not that the picture would vary . I wanted the alien for the grandkids . I got a frisbee that was n't even pictured . These thing are a dime a dozen anywhere . I ordered the alien one because it was unique .
 Awesome art deco look , but not worth it . Bought one for me & for my 12 yr old son to ride for exercise , but was extremely uncomfortable with pedaling -- too much resistance -LRB- I did purchase the Bell deluxe gel seat replacement -- that was cool . Handlebars were a pain , too . Took it back and got a mountain bike with gears . : -RRB-
 Delivery was prompt . Gave as a gift to a friend , but was broken when he opened it . The counter balance weight inside was rattling around and the head of the buck did n't bobble . Called the phone number on the invoice and spoke to a woman who had a bit of an attitude . She informed me that it was late in the year and that they were out of stock and were doing inventory at the time . She said because of similar problems to what I encountered , they were n't sure if they were going to order any more . She did offer a refund if I shipped it back . My friend who I gave the gift to decided to keep it because it would at least look good in his new house , even though it would n't have the action . Over all , product not so great ; service was so so .
 product was broken upon arrival , more of a hassle to return than worth the time or money
 E303 Mongoose . I bought the bike and I bought because the name is well known . I took the bike off road and had to replace pedals after second ride . the front shocks rusted quickly , therear suspension black brackets are now offset and to finnish the bike totally , the seat stem sleave on the frame has snapped . . Bike is finnishd and I am $ 300 out of pocket . I dont treat my bike hard , but I do use it regularly.I have tried to find a replacement frame but it looks like I am going to have to look for another manufacturer
 This is adequate for children to play with in the backyard , but certainly not a piece of camping gear .
 The watch is very attractive but has stopped twice since receiving it for x-mas -LRB- it is Jan 14th today -RRB- and has lost time on 2 occasions . Initially , I thought it was a great bargain for a Swiss quality watch - but upon closer inspection it appears the movement is Japanese . So , it appears that I have an expensive Japanese quality watch instead !
 I bought this watch Feb '11 and it stopped working accurately in Jan ' 12 . For a few months before that I had to wind it every night because it would not hold enough ` juice ' to last through the night anymore . Starting in January though it will only keep correct time about half the time that I 'm wearing it . This means that when I look at the watch there 's a 50/50 chance it will be correct . Now though , in May , it 's never right and if I do n't remember to wind it a few times per day it 'll be wrong.This is really not acceptable for a `` swiss '' *** cough *** watch . I did n't buy it from Amazon but instead from an online store and only paid $ 60 . It 's totally not worth the price of shipping it anywhere for repairs.This review gets two stars because I actually got to use it for nearly a year before the time piece started lying to me on a regular basis.It looks really good , and it 's not bulky like other watches I see , so I 'm sad to have to give up this watch ...
 My new Invicta Men 's Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch # 8928 gains approximately 2 to 3 minutes per week.Will have to send in for warranty repair or replacement.Have paid 1/4 the purchase price of this watch for watches that keep much more accurate time.Robert Jones
 looks great but the winder stem `` Crown '' fell off when I tried to set the time . This was my first effort , and totally unlike the Invicta 8928OB , which sets easily and runs without gaining or losing time .
 I was lucky to purchase Invicta watch # 6020 -LRB- awesome -RRB- & Invicta watch # 8928 . Even though model # 8928 looks cool , it does n't work . I lose 20 minutes to 5 hours a night . FRUSTRATING !! I tried to return it to Amazon but the return process just kept going in circles and guess what ? I 'm stuck with a $ 73 watch + International shipping/handling , tarrifs , etc. for almost $ 100.00 . This watch turned out to be a ripp off since I ca n't return it to Amazon . Maybe if you lived in the Continental USA you 'd be able to return it . I do n't know why this watch does n't work ... it just does n't . I do n't know why I could n't return it , I just could n't . Oh yeah . It also cost me $ 10.00 to adjust the watch band . The watch looks real cool sitting in my winder though . Just do n't wear it.In my opinion this watch is garbage , a dud !
 I had my pro diver 5 months before it died . sent it in to invicta with a $ 28 check `` for shipping '' yeah whatever , seems like a pay as you go warranty to me ... well that was on 1-24-11 its now 5-4-11 still no watch ... they always say `` call back next week '' guess it 's never next week . DO N'T BUY INVICTA !!!
 Beautiful watch . does not run . This is the second one that I have returned . I give up .
 I had this watch for about 5 weeks , hardly wore it as I was keeping it for a nice watch . when I put it on for the third time , I turned out the post to reset the date and the post came off in my hand . I can not set the watch , use the watch or even wear it now since both the time and date are wrong . I requested a warranty service and they said sure . pay to send it here , wait a minimum of 90 days and please include a check or money order for $ 28.00 to send it back ! What a rip-off . I 'm going to save a ferw hundred more and get a REAL swiss watch . Do n't waiste your money on this crap .
 This watch definitely looks fantastic , but it was messed up on arrival . The crown on these types -LRB- I also have the 8926 -RRB- unscrews so you can make adjustments to the time , date , and wind it . As I was unscrewing the crown , the date started changing before it was all the way out . That 's not supposed to happen until the crown is all the way out and pulled out one click . When screwing the crown back in , the watch is still winding as it is going in , and the crown binds and wo n't go in any further . After a few tries , it went in.I do n't know how a watch like this would get out of the door at Invicta . That means nobody even checked the functionality of the watch after it was assembled , or or they did n't care , or they were incompetent . This would n't have been a hard problem to find if it was just checked ! It would only have taken a few seconds . Back it goes.I know it 's hard to expect perfection at this price point , but if they had to charge a little more to have the watch checked before it leaves the factory , I think that would be a good thing .
 I bought this good looking Pro Diver as a present for my son in law who never owned an automatic watch Two months later , the second hand fell off . I complained to Invicta . They told me to send it in for repair . The shipping and handling was almost $ 30 and that did not include the postage it cost me to get the watch to them . They kept the watch for 3 months , claiming that it had to be sent to Switzerland for repair . Nonsense , the watch has a Japanese movement and it would be cheaper to replace the watch then to ship it to Europe . When I got the watch back , my son in law had it for 3 more weeks and the bezel fell off . I had it repaired at a local shop for 10 bucks . This watch cost me more for shipping and repair then I paid for it in the first place . Furthermore , Invicta 's customer relations and repair facilities stink .
 I recently purchased this as a daily beater watch that can be worn to work . I read the reviews and had some concern with the automatic but decided to take my chances . Now I am preparing to box it back up to send back . This morning was the 4th time I had to reset the watch in just two weeks . This is with fairly steady usage . However , if you do n't wear it one day , then it will stop . That defeats any practicality for this watch . Today was the second time where it did n't make it overnight - the kinetic storage for this is just too small.That being said , I like the looks and style , build quality seems fine -LRB- other than the automatic function -RRB- . I am taking the return money and getting the quartz version so I can have a watch that does something radical . . tell you the time when you pick it up off the table .
 The problem with this mesh net is that , in fast water there is so much resistance against the current because of the small mesh , that it 's almost impossible to maneuver the net , to land the fish .
 If you buy this item , do n't buy it here . Not only that they sent me the wrong item , but it took them for ever to respond to my messages , and in the end they even refused to refund the S&H costs that I incurred because of their mistake . You will end up saving time and money by buying somewhere else .
 For birdwatching , I prefer a vest with as many large , USABLE pockets as possible . Unfortunately , this vest has too many small pockets that are more decorative than usable . After I bought this one , I bought the Big Pockets brand and it is far superior for my needs .
 I tried it at home before going out with it and it leaked water in the sink , not a ton of water but some water was too much to me .
 I do not recommend this product for snorkeling . I must admit that the product instructions state that the bag is designed for surface use only , although it says that it is supposed to be good to 10 or 12 feet depth , if I recall correctly . -LRB- I found one website that reported it to be good to 60 feet ! -RRB- In truth , this product leaks if you dive . I used it for surface wave riding in the ocean and had no problem . However , I dove in shallow reefs while snorkeling and it leaked , destroying my iPhone and new $ 80 camera . I was extremely disappointed at the loss to say the least !
 Upon receiving the pouch , I was able to inspect the design of the closure more closely , it did not look like it would be water-tight to me , but perhaps I was too trusting after reading all the positive reviews ... I purchased this pack specifically for our Hawaii vacation , so on the first day of our trip , I put my cell phone and my camera in the pack , made sure it was locked closed . However , within 20 minutes of playing in the shallow waters on the beach , the pouch was filled with sea water . Of course , my cell phone was instantly ruined . This purchase turned out to be a very costly one for me . On the bright side , my other new purchase - Kodak C123 waterproof camera that was also in the pouch , was not damaged , so that item definitely does what it claims . Please be careful when using this pack ; I should 've just taken my chances with leaving the phone on the beach under my towels instead of using this pack .
 Took it to Hawaii for a vacation . During snorkeling I had my passport in a ziplock bag and then in this waterproof pack but still it was ruined . This pack is n't waterproof . I would suggest taking additional measures before taking your valuables into the water .
 I purchased this to keep phone and money dry while at pool park with grandchildren . I found some moisture does seep in , so I use a freezer bag inside the Dry Pak . Using the freezer bag inside Dry Pak has worked . However , after approximately 6 uses , the material is freying away from the yellow fastener bar and the seams down the side .
 From the User 's Guide
 This bag is not waterproof . Not quite sure how the people in the reviews i read used thiers , but we took it snorkling and it was full of water after 11/2 hours . Glad we did n't put anything that could have been ruined ! just money and credit card .
 I would not recommend this product . I bought it because it was advertised as suitable for snorkeling but the first time I used it it let in water . Fortunately I had put the contents in a sealed plastic bag as well so it was n't a complete disaster . I also found the belt/fastening method pretty awkward and ungainly .
 Every time I used this dry pak in a pool or beach water would get in . I also purchased a smaller one , which would also let some water in . The only system that seemed to work is to place the items in the small dry pak and then the small dry pak in the bigger dry pak . Anyway , I would not put anything that can be ruined by water inside these dry paks .
 I used this pack in Curacao while snorkeling . Had 2 driver 's licenses , $ 40 , and ships cards . The pack released from the carabiner clip and was lost . DON `` T BUY IT !
 I needed some waterproof bags for an upcoming snorkeling and diving trip . These bags are advertised as waterproof so I purchased two larger bags -LRB- 4X6 -RRB- and a smaller bag . You might say I was surprised when they arrived and I learned they are not waterproof . The instructions clearly point out they are not to be used for below the water surface as they are not truly `` waterproof . '' Rather , they are to used at water 's surface . To test them , I put a piece of paper in each of the bags and placed them underwater and left them there for about 20 minutes . When I opened them all , all three pieces of paper were wet and the interiors of the bags were all wet as well . These are not waterproof bags . Do not be mislead by the advertising .
 I purchased one of these and did the bubble test immediately and found a leak . Contacted customer service and they promptly overnighted a 2nd one with Saturday delivery . That was awesome ! Bubble tested the new one and seemed okay . Went on vacation and did some surface snorkeling and the thing leaked a few drops while I was out . I completely dried the outside of the case and opened the case on a horizontal plane to make sure I was n't allowing in any water from the outside . There were a couple small drops on the interior near the bottom and my wallet showed signs of water . Time to find an alternative for next beach trip .
 This device requires the use of a carabiner to attach the actual bag to the belt/strap which goes around your waist . Problem is that the carabiner broke shortly after taking it out of the box and adjusting the fit of the strap to my waist . Reading further into the reviews now I see that I 'm not the only one to have experienced this . Now I have to buy a new carabiner just to see if this things works . This is extremely annoying and does n't instill confidence that other part of the device -- the part that 's supposed to keep stuff dry -- wo n't also fail in it 's job .
 I bought one before I went to Aruba this May , and I was proud of it at the beginning.But it turned out that I lost the car key and my sunglasses when I was snorkeling.The hook was broken , therefore I only had the belt after I went back from water . And Inever found my car key and sunglasses , I think they should be in Venezuela right now ... Keep yourself away from this .
 Bag seals correctly , no problem . Even in surf . The carabiner is quite useless though . Get a better one or a screw close type ring connector instead .
 It did not work . I used it at water park and my stuffs got wet even through I put my stuff inside a plastic bag and put the plastic bag in dry pack
 Be extremely careful when using this product with electronic items . As one of the reviewers pointed out , this bag seems to leak when `` overloaded '' . I put 2 iPhones into this bag and it leaked while I was snorkeling , destroying both of my iPhones and taking with it all the pictures and videos of my vacation . This bag is big enough to fit more than 2 iPhones so it did not occur to me that it would leak with 2 phones in there . I would look for another product that has a more secured sealing mechanism . Because of this leaky bag , I lost $ 470 replacing my iPhones because Apple warranty does not cover water damage and a priceless set of photos and videos . I would not buy this brand of products again .
 does not work that great . the belt slides and moves around . but it did keep water out of my pouch
 I bought this for snorkeling to keep camera and passports dry while in the water . It was a disaster . It may have been submerged momentarily at times but not much at all . When I opened the bag to get the camera out , there was about a pill bottle full amount of water in the bag . The camera was ruined and is now garbage and the passports were soaked . Unless you just want it for the beach and not go in the water , do n't bother with this product . Thanks to Amazon for their fabulous return policy all is not lost . I think I 'll be looking at the Otterbox products or equivalent . They look much better made to keep `` dry '' .
 I used this to snorkel with and first time using it water leaked inside and ruined my iPhone . Have the phone on rice hoping to revive it . Terrible product !
 The reason why I gave it 2 stars is because I was able to keep some things in this pack while I was surfing . But it leaked , so if you really need something that cant get wet , do not buy this product . We ended just putting my wife 's I phone , but it has a water proof cover on it , so it wasnt a problem.I was going to put my insulin pump in , which is water resistant , it probably would of made it because inside the bag was n't totally soaked . But it did leak .
 I bought this here in Amazon and tested it before using it by putting the cardboard instruction inside with a little air and subdued it in a bowl of water . I started noticing bubbles coming out from the bottom part . After a minute on water , I dried it completely and inspected the inside and sure enough , the bottom of the instructional cardboard is wet . Although according to the instructions that it is not meant for underwater and only for surface only , I still would like to see it in my own eyes . I just called Amazon for a refund . They even wanted it back and I told them for ten bucks and change , it would be cheaper if I just recycle it to save them some shipping , processing , etc. . They agreed and refunded my money back . I 'm still debating if this is just a bad item and buy the same one or go with another type/brand .
 I bought this bag to use for protecting valuables -LRB- cell phone , I.D. , car keys , money , etc. -RRB- while snorkeling in Hawaii . It leaked like a sieve . Fortunately , I put the valuables in a zip-lock bag before placing in the dry pack else they would have been ruined . After the first usage I took the dry pack off the belt and replaced it with another product I had bought to protect a digital camera . I used the other product for the duration of the trip with no leaks . Can not recommend this product at all based on my experience . Maybe the one I bought was defective but I could not find any apparent flaws .
 i just received the Dry Pack ... the belt is not attached to the bag so how is this belted ?? Not what I expected at all .
 The clip did not work at all . It was one of those cheap stuff . The nylon pack keeps on falling off my waist . This is just a waste of money .
 This thing leaked like a sieve the first time we used it , forcing us to have to keep our belongings in a zip lock inside the bag , defeating the purpose . Then on the third use it came loose from the clip in the water and it was lost . Thank goodness a kind individual turned it in to the lifeguard ! I have bought a couple of the larger Kwik Tek Dry Packs in the past and did n't have the same problem with leakage and loss , but it will be difficult to trust their products again .
 I had this for just a week when one of the fasteners broke . Even before that , it was very difficult to close .
 Bought this for a couple of cruise excursions . It worked great for a river tube float but when we snorkeled with it it leaked hence wet passports , money , etc. . If you purchase this make sure you test it before you use it !!!!
 I got this for my boat thinking it would be good to put my cell phone while out on the water . I would save your money and just ust a zip lock bag . I never tested it under water so not sure if it would leak but works fine if your just looking to keep water from splashing on something .
 to be honest ... . i had to return it because it was too small ... . not a true XXX lg ... . the material felt very cheap
 The shotgun shell for this knife was made from cheap plastic , and broke when i dropped it . The only good part about this knife was that the blade came very sharp , and did not need to be sharpened
 The description clearly states United Cutlery . In fact , I ordered two Shotgun Shell Knives . One green , one red . The red is United Cutlery , the green is not . If not such a hassle , I would have sent back . Frustrating how Amazon allows this type of practice to be carried out on their web site . But it is not an isolated incident .
 These replacements are thinner and smaller than the originals . The will not last very long . Well look for alternatives in the future . Not only that they are so thin that after a short time it starts to burn at the electrodes . Not good . I would recommend NO one buy these replacements . They are terrible .
 really too slippery for the slendertone and I constantly get the loose pad error , not a good product get some other pads that will work better
 They are not the same comparing them to the ones I purchased in the past . I have to replace them quicker than the other ones . They are thinner .
 I ordered these replacement pads only because I had accidently gotten some lint from a towel on my original pads . Had used the original pads for about a month and a half they were still in excellent condition even with the lint , but I decided to order some replacements , BAD IDEA !!!!!! This pads were a very sticky mess compared to the other pads I hate I threw the other pads in the garbage . These pads meet FDA standards , but they are not FDA approved , there is a difference . I think these pads are old , they only lasted a couple weeks . Going to purchase some new ones , but not from this site .
 when you take off the belt after exercise , pads remind to stay on a body , not on the belt . grrr
 ca n'tay anythibg yet over a month later and still have not received producted . .3 emails sent and have now asked amazon to help me get my money back
 The product was pitted and removing the cover from the gelpads practically destroyed the pad . I have purchased new pads in the past and they were always in better condition than these .
 this is the same exact gun you find all over amazon , that is ONE CENT . They are trying to rip you off here . if you want to find the real one , just search mini p99 on amazon . DO NOT BUY THIS GUN .
 I purchased one of these for my wife for Christmas last year . After getting it in the house we wondered what the SMELL was . It turns out to be related to this mat . We left it outside when we could for the first month or two , unzipped , hoping the nasty chemical odor would go away . It never did . It was strong enough that you could sense it when you walked in the room , and we did n't want to be in the same room with it . The smell seems to come from the foam inside the zipped sections . I ca n't tell you what it is , but you wo n't like it.The mat spent the summer outside and is now out in the shed . It 's been unzipped for months and it still smells . It will go to the Goodwill or the dump . This is another great example of Chinese junk that 's not worth the money you spend on it , and it may carry additional health risks as well . Do n't buy this to exercise to keep healthy . Go breath some clean air instead !
 I bought this watch about 2 months ago . I found it very nice from the description and I order it . But when I see it , it was much thicker than I expected from the picture.The second problem -LRB- and the most important -RRB- was the time keeping . It 's loosing aprox 10 min in 2 days !!! This make the watch unusable . Too bad for Timex who has a good reputation on the market .
 The crown -LRB- what you set the time and date with -RRB- fell off the watch within 2 weeks of wearing it.Returned watch for warranty work but will not have it back for at least a month .
 The indiglo feature quit working after 28 days so I sent the watch in to be repaired . That feature was repaired but now the compass feature does not work . Each time I send my watch in it costs me $ 7.00 plus postage of $ 4 + . I will send it in again to get it fixed but I would not buy another one . By the way ... it keeps perfect time.Ken Pettitt
 The belt I purchased was not the right color I had requested , the product has already fell apart.I had emailed the people that I had ordered the belt from stating that it was the wrong color , which should have been blue and received black , they stated for the price that was it.I will never use these people again , I am in the process of repairing the belt myself , the rivits popped loose , may just put in the trash.Felix Lovelace
 I was unpleasantly surprised to find that there was only enough in the tiny jars for about 2 foot baths ! The products did make my feet feel very nice and soft , however the small package for the $ 16.00 price really disappointed me .
 I was excited to receive the trampoline . I work 10-hour days and by the time I leave for work and get home at least 12 have gone by . I had a post-it note on my door from UPS and I tried to contact them to make arrangements to pick the package up . Online I could n't get anywhere as well when I called the 800 number it was all automated and could n't make arrangements . My thought was that sense this did n't work I 'd wait for the note to pick up at the UPS center about an hour away -LRB- they 've done it before -RRB- . Before I knew it , it was sent back to the sell whom by the way had no way of contacting . I checked Amazon.com and there was no way to call , email or mail a letter to the seller of my situation . There for I lost a good deal -LRB- noticed later it cost more -RRB- and no way to talk to sell . I was very disappointed in the matter . So if you 're someone who is home all the time , this will work for you . But if you are away from home a lot , I would n't order from this seller . I understand it was done for my protection and the product but there still should have been contact with the seller to make some kind of arrangement after the matter .
 I saw this watch online and lovd it ... after I ordered it I then read the reviews . I wish I read them before but I was sooooo excited that I just bought it . When my watch came , which was a xmas present , it was scuffed around the band and it was n't even the same watch . The case was also broken and it did n't even comewith instructons . I was so mad ... amazon should really step in with this seller ... its not fair to us buyeres ... it was all I had for my godchild s present ... and felt stupid having to justify what was wrong with it ... he kept it just the same ... he 's young and did n't care ... BUYER BEWARE ... do n't take that chance like I did and hope for the best ...
 I ordered the same one I had for a backup and to give to someone as a back up and it is a course thread , mine is a fine thread , same part number and all , a better web description and picture would show this , I went off the number , now both plugs sit in my basement
 I found this pillow a little too thick for comfort , so I do n't use it at all .
 The product is too stiff ... I use one in meditation class w / the same components and it is softer .
 Perhaps I do n't know much about buckwheat pillows but this was too firm for me . Maybe it breaks down over time .
 This product contains buckwheat . Yes , it says that in the smaller description , but that information needs to be included in the product title.Some people are allergic to buckwheat , like my wife , who ordered quickly ... and only realized this too late.YogaAccessories -LRB- TM -RRB- Silk Neck Pillow w/Buckwheat Fill ^ ^ ^ There is the product title I might try .
 I bought this item specifically for my season in Antarctica . It has been up now for less than 3 full months , and already , after only one significant wind event -LRB- 35 knots steady , 50 knot gusts -RRB- for about 36 hours , it has failed significantly.I am heartbroken , because up until the winds hit , I was a perfectly content user of this tent . I love the storage pockets and loops inside , the doors on both ends , the vents in the roof to release the humidity even when the weather outside is frightful , the strength of the body even while buffeted by heavy winds and snow and rain , and the ease of putting it up . Except for the tiny problem of the elastic loop that holds back the rolled up foyer door flaps failing on one side within a few weeks . It has kept me warm and safe and dry even when the snow raged around me and built up over halfway up the sides over night . It held the weight . I love the spacious foyer where I can keep much of my gear . Spacious for one person plus gear , and comfortable for two people.But the recent winds hit it and the snap on the bottom part of the fly door flap , holding it from being unzipped by wind , failed on me several times in this one event , allowing the fly door to unzip and fly about in the severe winds , causing damage to itself and the rest of the fly . There are tears , and the fabric is cracked all about , heralding more severe tears . I expect the foyer inside is no longer waterproof with this damage.I did a lot of research among tents . I wanted an expedition weight tent for this season in Antarctica . It was recommended by friends down here and the reviews all said it was `` bomb-proof '' . Well , it is n't . I am deeply disappointed that such an expensive tent , one I expected to last me at least two seasons , has not even lasted me half of a single season in Antarctica . And this season has been notoriously and unusually calm!If you want a good tent to last you more than ONE expedition to Everest or a few weeks in Antarctica , or a few trips in the winter/fall into the mountains , then I would advise another one . Spending this much money on a tent , you expect a lifetime 's use out of it under normal conditions , and at least a few seasons worth under extreme conditions like I am experiencing . The body of the tent is just fine , the poles and the guylines are holding up very well . Just the fabric of the fly is falling apart.So keep that in mind when you choose a tent , this one may fail on you far too soon for the price you pay for it .
 The mess kit for sale here is not what is shown . See Texsport 's website for the correct model . What I received is the pan with the rubberized handle which does n't seem to be that much different until you realize that it is heavier than the pan itself . Tipping is guaranteed unless you are cooking on a completely flat surface -LRB- I.e. ground -RRB- . And as everyone else here has said , the kit does not package itself tight . This is especially problematic when you hear it constantly rattling in your pack.Just overall not made well.Returning this one for another model .
 Maybe I just have n't gotten used to them but I feel that they were not worth the money . They are pretty uncomfortable as noted by some reviewers who gave it five stars , having to find ways to make it comfortable on the nose . I feel that comfort should be a big part of any type of accessories . Without the padding , they stuck to my face leaving unwanted marks and were uncomfortable during my whole swim . They can be and are a bit uncomfortable . If not assembled correctly leakage occurs and it is a pain to redo . Do n't get to excited about these goggles , the lack of padding leaves them uncomfortable.Hopefully you found this review helpful !
 Not impressed with these goggles . With a piece of string to hold the eye pieces together , it cut my daugthers nose . Pass on this product and go with Speedo .
 The product we received did not stay blown up and therefore did not work . . They refuse to give us our money back .
 The picture shows the color to be a blue pattern . Paid over $ 40 for two straps . They arrived ... one was green and one was pink.I 'm planning on returning them . What a waste of time .
 You might think you are ordering the color in the picture but you are not . You will receive what they decide to ship you . I thought I was ordering purple like the picture but received black . When they say `` Assorted '' this means you do n't have a choice in the color . So if you do n't care what color you receive go ahead and order it .
 As a physical therapist I was looking for a quality ice pack for my clinic and/or to recommend to patients with any number of should conditions . This is not as smooth as in the picture . Since there are ice packs in the wrap , they do n't conform to your shoulder girdle as well . Usually patients do n't have symptoms below or at the elbow thus this wrap is n't beneficial . It is difficult to ice common sore areas such as , the posterior and lateral aspect of the shoulder . The only plus is that the patient would be able to put this on themselves with their other arm . This is the shoulder wrap that I would recommend.Elasto Gel Shoulder Sleeve Ice & Hot Wrap -LRB- LARGE/X-LARGE . It is n't perfect but I would give it 4 stars . Check the product page for my review .
 I 'm afraid this is not much of a pillow . May be o.k. for a small child . Way too small for an adult !
 It should be stated in the description that this item has a 50 lb weight limit and it is considerably smaller than what I would have expected . The description says it is for small children . I think it would be appropriate to say toddler since the flotation device is only 61/2 '' by 81/2 '' . It is really just kind of cheap looking foam material . I did n't think that it even looked safe but that is just my opinion .
 I made the mistake of buying this strap because the double strap on my HO Joker -LRB- QUALITY BOARD -RRB- was too large for everyone that rode it . The first time I took the board out with the new strap it broke . The stitching on this strap is terrible . I will have to use my grandmothers sewing machine to fix the strap . -LRB- not going to deal with hydroslide 's terrible customer service -RRB- Last year I bought a $ 300 dollar boardBody Glove 2008 Signature series CRK premium molded kneeboardfrom them and it also broke the first time out -LRB- split down the middle -RRB- . They sent me a new one after 2 weeks and it also broke -LRB- nose corner broke off -RRB- . Hydroslide is absolutely worthless will never buy anything from them again !
 Bought a brand new Hydroslide kneeboard for well over $ 200.00 and the first time ever to be pulled the strap broke while riding flat between the wake . Sent me face first in the lake . Returned the board to the store for a new one . After 1 day on the lake same thing ! The strap keeps breaking at the stitching on the `` shock '' side of the strap . I rate this 0 stars ! Waiting to hear back from Hydroslide because I ca n't keep returning broken strap kneeboards to the store once a week .
 I was very happy with the construction and it looked solid . It installed perfectly however , It did not lock in place so on the first run out doing about 15mph in a head wind we lost it to the bottom of the lake . It loosens and falls out . I was very disappointed . I do n't plan on throwing another $ 30 to the bottom of Lake Champlain .
 I purchased this lock when I purchased a Thule bicycle rack thinking that this would integrate with the rack . I was wrong . This lock is way over priced at $ 40 or so and a similar lock with a thicker cable for probably 1/3 of the price or less can be had from Onguard or Kryptonite.This is a typical key cable lock that gives minimal security . I purchased it to at least lock the bikes to our rack so they could not easily be lifted , all of course when we travel with our bikes and keep them in view . This lock is not meant for security as a cable cutter will easily cut through .
 This was purchased for a 1988 Ebbtide Dyna-Trak 178 SS . It fits the boat like a glove , but is not long enough to cover the motor -LRB- 110hp Evinrude -RRB- . The cover is of medium weight nylon . It has a buckle-strap arrangement that secures it to the boat from side-to side underneath and elastic around the perimeter , and is very easy to install . I use the cover only for storage but it appears it would serve well for trailering . So far it has withstood some fairly severe storms and just recently 9 '' of heavy , wet snow with no leaks . Overall a good cover for the relatively low price.Update , Jan. 2013 . As with an above reviewer , the cover began to deteriorate rapidly at about 18-20 months . I followed all directions and heavily padded any sharp or protruding areas , but the material just has n't weathered well . Right now you could easily poke a finger through just about any area of the cover and produce a tear . Reduced my rating from 5 stars to 2 stars -LRB- 2 stars because the design is good , material substandard -RRB- . $ 40 per year is n't too bad for storage , but not at all satisfied .
 Ordered hurricane boat cover -LRB- canvas -RRB- got polyester -LRB- cheap -RRB- cover.Company covered its tracks by telling me they were sold out , but according to amazon cover was in stock when ordered.Company did not offer to let me know when covers came in or no replacement at all.Told me to keep cover and they would refund all my money and they did just that.Now that shows you what i got and how cheap it was.I buy and sell on ebay and have never got screwed , but buying from a reputable co.got it.Take your at chance , it won `` t cost you money .
 I am always looking for different ways to workout at home since I do n't have a gym that is close by to where I live . I bought this based on the reviews and figured I would try it out since it also looked fun . I do have carpet so I figured it would be easy to use but it was n't as easy to use . After doing the knee exercises they hurt . I put this away and havent used it since . I would definately try something else .
 The target size is great for all ranges at an indoor range , but the paper is too thin and the shots are almost impossible to see . I had to keep running the target back to me to see where I hit it . I wo n't buy these again .
 I wanted the type of target as represented in the picture . I did get a 12 by 20 rapid fire target . And , I guess I will use . Pricey for 20 targets . If you are going to show an example of what you are advertising , make sure it is the correct picture .
 I would not reccomend buying this product because it was advertised as a youth replica -LRB- 14-16 -RRB- . My son just turned 15 , and while he is somewhat tall , the jersey was too small and too tight . When I inquired about free shipping as part of an exchange for a larger and more expensive size , I was told this was not an option . I would not do business with this company again .
 I got this for my husband as a gift bc he LOVES the team BUT after using it for only about 3 weeks the RB button started to stick and now just does n't work . He was really upset and said `` you get what you pay for '' .
 First of all , I wear a men 's size 12 shoe which puts me at the upper size range for these socks . They were a little snug and not what I expected from a diabetic sock and certainly not like other diabetic socks I have purchased in the past.Otherwise , the socks were very comfortable and I had high hopes for them . Alas , after only a few wearings , holes appeared in the toe area . So I trimmed and buffed my toenails and tried again with another pair ... this pair lasted a little longer but holes still appeared pretty quickly.Perhaps they will work better for someone with smaller feet , but I wo n't be reordering this product .
 If you do n't KNOW for SURE that this bag will fit your rack , you ought to determine so BEFORE you buy it.This is a great bag with many excellent features , BUT as someone else wrote , the velcro straps ARE short , and if your rack is n't exactly what is required , the bag will fit poorly and flop around.My suggestion
 I purchased this rack trunk bag based on the reviews and features . Before I purchased I saw the price go up and down on Amazon and other sites.While the design concept is great , I found that the velcro straps were too short to fit 3 different bike racks and it barely hung on . We have 3 bikes with solid racks -LRB- the ones that act like a rear fender not the wire ones -RRB- that are all different -LRB- Electra Townie rack , Topeak Explorer rack and Blackburn rack -RRB- on our respective bikes . While the velcro placement straps are well thought out , the length is too short and they barely expend to wrap around the rack rail to be secured to the bag.To solve the velcro strap deficiency , I purchased velcro at a craft store and sewed extensions on.Another feature that was omitted is a shoulder strap . While we brought the bag on a ride to our picnic , with 2 small ice packs the bag was an annoyance to carry around by the handle after we ate at the park and wanted to go for a walk . I tried to solve this deficiency and considered installing my own strap system . Unfortunately , I would have to dismantle too much of the bag to accomplish this securely with consideration to the weight of the bag with cargo.Another reviewer mentioned the fastner on the bag for a rear light causes the light to hang down , we experienced the same problem when we planned for a ride home at dusk and equipped with our bike lights.I later found Topeak 's similar bag has a shoulder strap . After the disappointment with this Sunlite bag we purchased the Topeak MTX DXP bag , which is worth the price and a better product.While this bag has a good design concept , it falls short in several areas as noted above and that is why I gave it 2 stars .
 I used this with a WEAK Sevylor electric motor , and early into its first use one of the plastic cuffs that hold the pressure screws over the telescoping rod broke . The plastic caps in the rod never stayed in place and one of them arrived shattered anyway . The caps do n't matter , but being able to control the telescoping rod is a tad necessary ... although this Sevylor motor was so weak that I could have held it in my hand while running . Sheesh ... The back end of the rods did n't fit into the slot on the boat -LRB- a recommended Sevylor inflatable boat -RRB- well . Not sure if the rod was too large or the plastic fitting on the boat was too small , but eventually jammed it in enough to hold.Waste of money !
 The two rods on each side are held in place by pressure - a telescoping screw - and it does n't work well . I would just drill a hole in it and use a wing nut BUT the thing fell apart on my maiden voyage and one piece is at the bottom of the Lake .
 Noticed this is a recurring issue with this product . Plastic bracket that secures the telescoping rods broke our on our first voyage while in the middle of the lake . Trying now to jury rig a solution.Sevylor boat is great -- the motor mount is not.Hey Sevylor
 The info page says this will work on the 2009 Intex Mariner 4 Person Inflatable Boat made by Intex . It does not !
 I bought this motor mount to use on Sevylor Fish Hunter 360 inflatable boat and Minn Kota Endura motor -LRB- 36 pounds of thrust -RRB- . First , the plastic plugs that were at the end of steel pipes broke and fell out when I inserted the bent ends of the pipes into the holes in the boat -LRB- near oars -RRB- . Because the plugs broke , it was not possible to put them back . Next , the transom board was too low and it was not possible to install motor on it - the motor screws were interfering with the handle on the boat . I even went to Home Depot , bought a bigger plywood board , made holes it in and finally attached the motor . Finally , I tried it on the water . When in full thrust the motor noticeably bends the steel pipes holding the transom board . At any attempt to row the bent ends of the pipes come out of the holes near the oar mounts and the whole system gets lose . It is not possible to insert them back without completely removing the transom board with the motor , i.e. it can not be done on the water . The pipes and plastic brackets used to adjust the length of the pipes seem very fragile , however they did not break yet . I wonder what would happen if someone uses it with more powerful gas motor ...
 I am using this motor mount on a Sevylor Fish Ranger FT280 raft . It 's very difficult to insert the mount posts into the designated slots on the raft , I end up spending 15-20 minutes of setup time fighting with it . Instead of relying on the friction , I wish the mount just slipped on and locked down via separate clamps . Once it 's attached , it works fine as a mount - I am using a Minn Kota Endura 40 , and I 've had no problems with it over the past 2 years .
 I just purchased the Sevylor Motor mount and could n't believe what I found . Nothing fits ! I just purchased a Sevylor Fish finder 4-person HF 280 boat and was intending to mount a 38lb thrust Minn Kota trolling motor . First of all , the telescoping bars are too big to fit into the holes on the oar locks . Secondly , the bars holding the transom board are too large to fit into the motor mounts on the back of the boat . Its a complete failure . I have tried to contact Sevylor , but no response . Do not purchase the Sevylor motor mount . Do n't know what the engineer was thinking when this was designed . Its a joke . I am returning the mount to get my money back .
 I have purchased a Sevylor Fish Master 325 inflatable boat rated for max . 3 HP gas outboard and a Sevylor Motor Mount none of them fro Amazon but from retailer store.The Sevylor Motor Mount is advertised , labeled and indicated in the inflatable boat operation book as suitable to the boat . I have tried to use it with a MinnKota 55 # thrust . By following accurately step by step the installation instructions for the Sevylor Motor Mount , the MinnKota 55 # thrust can not be mounted on the transom simply because the shallow transom board comes too close to the inflatable boat aft and there is no space left for the motor clamp and clamp tighteners installation . I have tried to install a Mercury 3.5 HP four stroke outboard motor and the situation was the same : no space for the motor clamp and clamp tighteners installation as long as the steel mounting rods sit on the boat sides and boat end as shown in the transom installation manual.Ultimately I had to replace the transom board with a higher one tailored by me from marine grade plywood.The new one requires a long shaft outboard and not a short shaft as indicated in the Sevylor Fish Master 325 and in the Sevylor Motor Mount instruction manual to make up for the height diferential . It works well with the new one . The original one was badly designed or simply un-suitable for the respective boat.The smaller caps for the steel pipe turned end were loose and looked damaged since being still in the plastic bag . That is why they fell and have been lost in the water during the very first trip on the lake.I do not get it why the marine grade plywood transom is shown on the picture on the box in dark stain colour . In reality is just a piece of bare marine plywood poor looking in ` natural ' wood colour . It has no finish.The bronze connectors are not at all ` U ' shaped but ` V ' shaped at the end toward the boat . It means that they do not wrap tightly around the steel pipe and protrude into the boat tube hull when boat is inflated . The ` V ' shaped ones will certainly damage or puncture the inflatable hull since they push deeply into the hull . It is just a matter of time . Once again , very poor design . I intend to have them replaced with more suitable and safer ones ` U ' shaped.The conclusion is that the price I paid for the entire Sevylor Motor Mount transom assembly turned out into a high price paid for two adjustable steel pipes -LRB- I can not say how reliable they will be in the future -RRB- . The rest of the Sevylor Motor Mount was either un-usable , or un-safe or poor looking.I definitely do not recommend it for the Sevylor Fish Master 325 .
 These gloves are so tight , even my daughters thin hands could not fit in them . It is ridiculous that the company Grandoe only gives you thirty days to make the return . If you travel with your gifts like I do ... you wo n't be able to send them back within the short timeframe . So I 'm stuck with gloves I ca n't wear . If you purchase these ... do n't trust your hand width ... go up a size beyond that to make sure they fit . Or better yet , do n't buy them at all .
 Dilvered quickly in time for Christmas . Sweatshirt was great quality .
 Did n't like the feel of these shirts at all . The fabris is stiff and not breathable . This also makes the shirt look boxy .
 I suppose the basketball goal itself is fairly decent for the price . I could n't say for sure because after owning it for a month I have yet to get it up . It came with two different parts missing . The instructions are not very good and parts are not numbered and in some cases not even identified . I initially called customer service and had to go through the instruction book with them to show them the step where the part was supposed to be used . Even after being very specific in my description they still managed to send the wrong part . When I called them back to correct their mistake they were very uncooperative , but the customer service representative did promise she would upgrade my shipping . Unfortunately not only did she not upgrade but the part did not go out for nearly a week . I will never purchase another product from this company . I just hope I can get this thing up sometime soon .
 I 've bought a number of these covers , mainly because of their low cost , but now I 'm thinking of trying another product . These covers do n't necessarily fit all saddles well , often being too short one direction or the other . They also tear very easily in the area where there is an opening for the stirrups and this has happened to every one I have owned . A plastic garbage bag cut down the middle and laid over the saddle would probably work as well .
 The buckle system is useless . It 's sloppy , poorly designed and frustrating . The fins are barely adequate . Tape a couple ping pong paddles to your feet and you will do better . Thoroughly disappointing product and design . The only viable description is `` junk ''
 save your money these are junk so uncomfortable so large will not stay on first time out one fell off and i spent the rest of my percious fishing time looking for ths junk but i evetually found this oversized junk
 huge!very hard and stiff.rear strap ridgid and rubs wader foot and they weigh a ton!I found much better light-weight ones for the same price and sent these back .
 This buckle seems weak and comes apart when wearing it . Very unsafe ! If you dont want your duty belt falling to the ground , get a different buckle .
 After using the product for less than a year , one of the bands snapped and caused a small injury as the rubber hit my skin . The rubber looks like it is weakening around some areas ... mainly near the handles . I would n't recommend this product for long term use as the other bands look like they 're about to snap too . I think its a waste of money .
 the Gaiam tricord resistant cord bands are very badly made.the cord comes out of the handle easily and can snap you hard with itas you are using it , and brakes easily.I do not recommend this at all.The dvd the comes with it is not that good.Do yourself a favor and buy the ones Walmart sells they are better madeand cheaper .
 After fewer than 15 uses , the grommet sewn into the handle of the heavy resistance cord tore and caused the cord to snap back with considerable force . I looked over the rest of the cords and saw that the second handle on the heavy resistance band was also frayed around the grommet , indicating it would give way shortly . The medium resistance cord has the same problem as I can see the issue beginning in both handles . If you are using the product and pulling it near your face , I would recommend retooling your workout because if it breaks you can receive serious eye or facial injury . I was lucky as it only bruised my foot , but examine the grommets near the handles and discontinue use if any fraying is occuring . Poor product .
 I am a relatively active and healthy runner , 36 at the time of using this . The deep knee lunges actually were the catalyst for a knee injury that has lasted a year . DO NOT DO THESE EXERCISES . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT unless you want to injure your knee -LRB- s -RRB- .
 I often carry my bikes in a pickup truck , and I did not want to bolt some fork mounts to the bed rails because I take my topper on and off often.I purchased this bike mount thinking it would be stable in the back of a truck . I found that I have to put the heaviest bike in the middle so it does n't tip over when I go around corners . Since the base is so light , your bikes will want to tip over unless you bolt the mount to the vehicle -LRB- I use it in multiple vehicles , so this is not an option -RRB- . I realized after using this mount several times that I could have bolted the fork mounts onto some plywood and ended up with similar results for a fraction of the price.Make sure you purchase the mounts , as this item just includes the track . When you purchase the mounts , they do not come with the bolts to attach them to the track , and the track only comes with 3 sets of bolts . You will need to make a trip to the hardware store.Overall , this product works , but is not worth the money .
 My Lifetime 1558 worked well enough until tragedy struck ... The system was blown over by a strong wind even though the base is full of sand . The rim landed on the court and was bent . More importantly , the frame was bent where the rim connects to the backboard . Now the rim is angled upwards at 30 degrees and is horribly out of round.Lifetime customer service does n't offer any repair advice for `` liability reasons '' or provide repair service . The two replacement parts are expensive , two-thirds the cost of the original purchase . I 'm just not sure I want to invest more in a system that was so easily damaged .
 I have used this exact hoop , my in-laws have it . I can tell you that for a portable hoop , it is excellent . So I was very happy to see it on Amazon , and at a better price than my local sporting goods store.The package arrived on time -LRB- Prime Membership - love it -RRB- , but was a total mess . I do n't know if it fell off a truck a few times , or is a previous customer return , but box the box was basically destroyed and taped back together with lots of packaging tape . There were literally parts sticking out of the box . I took pictures - wish I could attach them to this review -LRB- reply if you know how -RRB- . After opening the box , I found several issues :1 -RRB- The backboard , despite the protective peel-liner , had several scratches in it .2 -RRB- One of the poles was bent at the end and you would not have been able to assemble it .3 -RRB- Some of the painted parts had severe scratches in the paint .4 -RRB- The backboard was not assembled squarely onto the metal frame . One side stuck out past the frame . This was also the side the package appeared to be transported on . As a result , there were several chips in the polycarbonate.I am obviously returning the item . I will update my review after I see how that goes . I 've bought a LOT of items through Amazon , and this is my first return . Again , really good basketball hoop , but really bad packaging/handling .
 First of all , the factory carton is almost a failure to protect the product because I can see what was inside when I first received that . After opening the box , I found some of the stuffs were on to the others , and I started to worry if something is broken or missing.It is very hard to put the pole together if you do n't have an electric drill with titanium drill bit , because later you need to drill 2 holes on the pole or you are not able to put three short poles into one long pole . The instruction did n't tell.The Chinese made product is not always reliable because of their poor management . I found all nuts do n't fit the screws and I have to buy some which can fit.In addition to the problem , the handle for height adjustment is missing.After my wife had receieved the missing part , I made a special trip from Hong Kong back to the States hopefully I can put up the product for my son 's practice before his high school basketball season , I found the base was leaking from the seam at the front . They want me to file a claim with photos . I have to fly to back to Hong Kong in 4 days , I deceided to return this troubled product.DO NOT BUY THE PRODUCT . I GUARANTEE YOU ARE GOING TO REGRET .
 Beautiful hitch cover , but does NOT fit 11/4 '' hitch , as advertised . I searched all over for 11/4 '' and thought I had found one . Received it early , just in time to travel to two consecutive away games , but ca n't use . Waiting to see what happens with the $ 13.99 shipping I paid !
 I was really excited to get an indoor trainer for my bicycle . The weather has n't been very good and I 've been looking for something to train indoors . After doing a lot of research it came down to either the Fluid 2 or the Wind trainer . I was looking for something that would have progressive resistance and not resistance that you would set -LRB- like the magnetic trainers -RRB- . Well , the Fluid 2 is about $ 300 , which is a lot of money that I do n't have , so I opted for the Wind . The reviews were generally good with most people saying it was n't loud at all . Okay , here 's the problem . The people who say this thing is n't loud are either already deaf or are just taking it easy on the trainer . I got the thing to train hard ! When I do sprints on the trainer it LITERALLY sounds like a jet engine ! I 'm not kidding . My wife watched me use it and I could n't even hear her talking it was that loud . She immediately told me to return it stating that `` You will go deaf . '' And I agree with her . Even at a more easy pace it sounds like a loud vacuum cleaner . In the product description it says `` Vortex blade design is high-powered , but low noise . '' Perhaps if I used this in a room that had carpet on the walls it would be `` low noise '' . I would have to wear ear plugs while using this thing.The trainer itself seems to be of very high quality though . The stand is big and beefy and the wind fan blades look really nice . I really wanted to like this trainer , but it just came down to the noise.So here 's my final take on it
 This trainer is stable , well built , and easy to assemble . however this thing is way to loud to use without disturbing others , watch tv , or hear a radio . Ultimately it wont get used because it is so loud and obnoxious that you just wont use it . do yourself a favor and buy a cheaper brand fluid trainer that you will actually use . the only thing this might be good for is warming up before an outdoor race .
 I definitely agree with the other reviewer - this thing is pretty loud . I live in an apartment building and ended up shoving stuff under my door to quiet the noise . Unlike one reviewer , I could not hear a TV -LRB- even turned up -RRB- so I turned on CC so I could read what was being said . I am not a ` fast cyclist ' by any means , but it was really loud at the faster parts of my workout.It was really easy to set up , and the resistance was really smooth . Overall , this would be fine if noise was not a constraint .
 I bought the CycleOps Wind Indoor Trainer to train at home when I ca n't hit the road because of work -LRB- or weather -RRB- complications . If you are like me that means weekdays late at night , or very early in the morning.I 'm terribly frustrated because I ca n't use it due to the unbearable noise the fan flywheel makes . My neighbors ca n't stand it . Hey , I ca n't stand it ! The noise level is comparable to an industrial vacuum cleaner . To give you an idea , I do n't even hear the music from my iPod while riding this thing.Don ' t buy it ! Go for the magnetic resistance models .
 While this trainer is a cheap alternative to the fluid 2 , it is so incredibly loud that it is n't possible to watch TV while using this . I am very disappointed . Looks like I 'm going to end up paying a ton to send this item back .
 Sure , this trainer was super easy to set up but HOLY GODS is it LOUD !! Had I known that it was going to be as loud as it was I would have sprung for the Magneto . I 've already decided to return it and I fully believe that if you want a good trainer that you can actually use when other people are home , Do Not Get This One !
 I will be searching for a different cooler , as this one is now leaking . That 's after replacing two sets of hinges .
 Does not keep Ice for more than 24 hrs . Purchased for a camping weekend and by the by the third day all of the ice was melted and food room temperature . Would not recommend .
 After talking to Coleman they said they would replace it in 6-7 WEEKS . The customer rep I talked to said she had n't heard of any problems but she immediately knew what was wrong and how they would fix it . Never heard of the problem ? Huh ? I wonder how many trunks , car seats and floors have been swamped by their new coolers . You might want to check yours too .
 Would return it to Amazon but need it for event tomorrow . Paid for overnight and it arrived on time but poorly wrapped in a plastic garbage bag , not the original manufacturer box . No literature with it . Was scratched - deeply on lid - dirty and smelled of food inside . There was no literature from Coleman , i.e. , warranty etc. , and clearly been used . Must have been returned to Amazon by someone else and they sold it to me as new . This is really disappointing for Amazon to do this to me . We have learned from this experience not to trust Amazon for anything expensive or delicate , especially electronics .
 The lid cover was loosen and taken off on the first day of my camping trip . Coleman used a tiny and cheap bolt to tighten the hinge and it is a complete mistake . There is a wide gap between the cover and the container ; then , I found tens of ants in the cooler whenever I open the lid . Best product for those who wants worst experience .
 This is my second attempt at ordering this item . And still not received . It might be good once I ever receive it .
 Had bought the Igloo of the same description a couple of years ago and it preformed great . Unfortunately the ice chest was damaged , so I bought another . The second one did not preform as well , but not bad . The Igloo wore out and based on reviews I purchased the 5 day Coleman . On the very first trip , the chest was never in the sun and outside temp.s were in the low 80s . The ice in the chest turned to water in a day and half . One of the many flaws is the lack of a latch . The wheels are also not very good . Although the Igloo 5 day may not be as good as it once was it seems far superior to the Coleman .
 I dislike this cooler very much ! I just spent $ 30 in ice for a 5 day camping trip . The cooler already had ice and cold beverages in it from the day before and I put only cold beverages in it and filled it with ice . The weather was cool most of the time and only in the 50s at night . I had to replace the hinges this summer and have to be very gentle with the lid .
 We had decided it was time to get back into camping this year and basically had no supplies to do so . When we started making a list of important items we would need to get started , a quality 5 day cooler was high on the list . I read a lot of reviews before making the purchase on this particular cooler . What puzzles me is all of the reviews were pretty good . We have used the cooler a couple of times now this summer and even on days that were n't particularly hot we ca n't hardly get a bag of ice to last longer than 1 day . From the time we purchased the cooler until the time we used it , our return window has expired and we are stuck with what we have . With the money it is costing us in ice , we will probably have to go out and make another purchase . I have always been a fan of Coleman products , but am highly disappointed in this cooler .
 The cooler should be taken of the market . It was supposed to keep ice for several days at 90 % One DAY was best . I picked one end and a pin poped out and the handle came off . I will never buy coleman again . I am very unhappy with product
 Bought this cooler because we were going to travel and needed drinks and food kept cold for awhile , the product said 5 days , we refrigerated everything before we put everything in the cooler and put ice on top , put in in our air conditioned jeep and 8 hours later ice had melted . It did n't even make it a day traveling to where we were going . DON `` T BUY , you will be very disappointed !!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought three of these coolers . Within 2 months the handles had broken on two of them . They look nice and keep food cold as expected but do not hold up . I think that for this price there should be a warranty on them or assistance since they failed so shortly after purchase .
 UPDATE
 These gloves are so tight , even my daughters thin hands could not fit in them . It is ridiculous that the company Grandoe only gives you thirty days to make the return . If you travel with your gifts like I do ... you wo n't be able to send them back within the short timeframe . So I 'm stuck with gloves I ca n't wear . If you purchase these ... do n't trust your hand width ... go up a size beyond that to make sure they fit . Or better yet , do n't buy them at all .
 I bought a couple of these for my son and his friend because they were inexpensive , a unique design -LRB- for wooden swords -RRB- , nice looking , and I did n't have time to make something similar myself . Unfortunately you get what you pay for . The pommel fell off one of them during shipment . Nothing that a little glue could n't fix but disappointing nevertheless . They are made from decent hardwood and the routing is quite nice but the `` blades '' are quite thin , fragile , and -LRB- shockingly -RRB- rather sharp . For small children this is an accident waiting to happen . For older kids like my son it means that they ca n't do much with it since it is so delicate . Nice to look at but that 's about it . Better glue and a bit thicker design would be much more useful . Given how they are built , however , I 'm really not sure what they are designed for . They are not quite nice enough to display yet are too flimsy to use .
 This prop was purchased with the idea for use in forms training . Not intended for duels , or fencing , so I knew this sword was just a prop when purchased . Out of the box , the pommel fell off and the tip was broken . I understand this is a 10 dollar prop , but when I receive damaged items that I 'm spending my money on I expect to at least get the item in the condition it was shown . Now aside from that little tick off . The wood this item is made of is extremely light and the blade is actually fairly thin and flimsy . So I would not suggest anything be done with this accept for solo practice or just decoration . There are much better beater wooden gladii sold by kultofathena.com that are about 20 dollars more expensive but are meant for actual partner training and actual use.I 'm actually really upset by the quality of this sword being flimsy and damaged before any handling , the tip is rather pointed so I would n't suggest it as a toy for children . Buy it at your own risk , but I felt like I just threw my money away .
 I bought this and a different sword to fight with because I 'm a nerd . The other sword was awesome and stayed intact but this one did not and shattered after a few blows . Also when I first got it a nail was sharp and sticking out . Do n't recommend .
 i just got my new power auger it 's not as described with 3 horse power head.all i got was the auger bit .
 I was looking for a bike trainer so I can bike indoors when it 's cold outside . The trainer barely fits a 29 '' wheel , the tire just barely touches the ground and will scrape against the frame of the trainer . Also it 's incredibly noisy with the tires I have . Also as an engineer I can say this device is not made terribly well and way overpriced . Will be returning .
 It 's probably user error on my part but I do n't get it . The kit assembled easily and the bike mounted to it fairly easily.But I could n't quite get it to work well . It was either way too easy or impossible to move . I did n't get a good work out from the device and finally gave up.Again - it 's probably user error on my part but I do n't get it . Why is this thing so great ?
 I can not give a good review yet because I received the unit without all the parts . When I called the 800 number on the operating manual , I hear , `` I 'm sorry . The extension you are calling is not available at this time ... '' yada yada . So how do I get Amazon to send me the parts ? I do n't want to send the whole unit back . I just want the L-bolt , carriage bolt and nut . Hmmm . I think I will go to my local bike shop tomorrow and see what they can do . I paid for expedited shipping so I would be able to set this thing up on my first available night off ... -LRB- I work nights -RRB- and get my program going . So , hopefully Amazon will make this right quickly . I 'm just not sure how to get the right person 's attention to get it taken care of . When it 's corrected , I 'll write a revised review .
 We bought this for some indoor knee rehab . Tried to attach two bikes to it , smallish women 's Trek 7200 and a larger men 's Trek 520 . In both cases the rear wheel remains firmly on the ground . Undecided as to whether we will simply return the product or try to prop up the side balance legs on some blocks of wood .
 Assembly instructions had to be scanned and enlarged to even read the tiny print and see the tiny diagrams . Instructions were incomplete and vague . For example , you are instructed to attach parts to the CONES , but nowhere on the diagrams do you see a visual representation of the items referred to as CONES - nothing that actually tells you what the cone IS . I tried numerous times to figure out what a CONE might be , but there was absolutely no cone-SHAPED item anywhere . It turns out CONES are simply a socket of sorts with a notch in it . Still , why not at least label the item that is referred to as a cone , even if it is not cone-shaped ? Also , it 's pretty common practice to provide the consumer with a list of tools necessary to complete the job at the BEGINNING of the instructions . This list does not exist at ALL in this case.Did I know I would need some knowledge of bicycle mechanics , assembly , and disassembly in order to do this ? No . In this case , you are given information way down in the middle of the assembly instructions
 Within six months of purchase , my unit was leaving a mess on the floor when spinning and LOUD . I purchased it so it would be quiet - I had the TV volume jacked up near top-notched and it was still too loud for me.So , a company rep brought a replacement to the bike shop , and one was delivered to me.I noticed the leak in the one from the bike shop within hours of bringing it back.The current one is making loud vibrational noises on the floor because it wo n't stay secured to the base and shakes.Pretty ticked off.Not an experiment to make with over $ 300 . FAILED after SIX MONTHS.And AGAIN.And AGAIN.It plays great at the shop when you 're trying it out . It DOES N'T STAY THAT WAY.Heads up . I 've heard Kurt Kinnetic does n't leak . Worth looking in to .
 Although the trainer works ok there were numerous difficulties setting it up . The quick release lever they provided was too large for my bike , so apart from the over $ 300 price tag , I had to go to the bike shop and get a new quick release lever . In the product description there is no mention of the fact that this trainer requires a certain type and length of quick release lever , which may have been helpful and informed my purchase decision . Once assembled it seems to lean a bit ... I 'm debating returning the item , but at 25lbs it will cost me some $ just to send it back . Overall it is not a bad product , but I really ca n't recommend it either ...
 I bought this weight bench because my old one broke -LRB- I broke the leg extension -RRB- . . This one is fairly easy to put together . However , the leg extension is way too low . You ca n't put a 45 lbs plate on it ... it will drag against the floor . Really , you design a bench system that ca n't use 45lbs olympic weights ? You can get 35lb weights on the leg extension ... so , I guess adding more smaller sized weights will work it you have them.In addition , this is a mid width set . I did n't know what that means , but now I do . It means that if you are a man -LRB- or adult woman -RRB- you probably wo n't be able to use the bench . The width of the machine is narrow ... when you try to bench the bar , your hands will be too close together . Normally when I bench , I place my hands over the `` lines '' on the bar . The lines on the olympic bar that I used sat right on the rests of this bench . So , in order to pick the weights up , I had to move my hands closer together ... not a good thing when benching heavier weights.All in all , I find this bench set worthless . I destroyed the box , so I ca n't return mine ... I guess I will sell it to some kid at a yard sale ...
 this is a total scam . the only thing that is functional on this is flat bench . even with 10 pounds on the lat pull down it dosnt work . the incline is the biggest joke . once on incline the bar sits about 2 feet behind your head and there is no way to pick it up . in the picture it shows the perches on the highest setting but in real life if its that high you will not be able to reach the bar . this whole bench is a sales gimmick . it looks very appealing but is none functional . do not purcahse this product or you will be very unhappy with the end result . i will be taking it apart and sending it back .
 You will not receive the pictured item that is no longer available but will receive the newer , larger , stackable climbing block . Probably will not matter to you - it did to me because I 'm a triker and wanted to match an existing block for my third wheel . BikeSomewhere refunded the purchase price but I was still out the shipping . If you want a climbing block order the one listed through Amazon that has free shipping .
 I ordered the Ascent Adjustable Magnetic Trainer and the Cyclops Riser block simultaneously . Not only did I receive the flywheel of the magnetic trainer in shattered pieces , but I 've yet to receive the Cyclops Riser . Numerous emails have yielded nothing but the same song and dance ... It 's on backorder . Order was placed 45 days ago.Businesses like these should stay away from the prestigious avenue that Amazon affords . Amazon should only allow itself to sponsor Front Running businesses and not sponsor `` less than serious '' merchants .
 I currently own one of the CycleOps mats shown in the photo , the one with the white logo and the word printed across it . That is a great mat . It is quality and of substance.The mat I received , which I presume has been replaced by the white one , has a yellow Cycle Ops logo . This mat is not worth the price . It 's thinner , moves around a lot on carpet and I would not waste the money . Very disappointed.I purchased this mat . It was not a VINE acquisition . This mat is better than nothing , but not much better . Look around . Amazon has some other mats for around $ 30.00 , which ca n't be thinner or worse than this thing .
 The mat that was shipped to me did not have a white Cycleops logo shown in the picture but instead had a big yellow logo . That aside , it was a thin mat , not nearly the same quality as the mat for my elliptical . It slipped around on the carpet and was practically useless . I did n't try it on tile or wood floors so I ca n't say for those . It also smelled strongly like cheap plastic and we could smell it throughout the house . Very disappointed . Sent it back today . Skip this one and try something else . Definitely not worth the money .
 This product is made of cheap plastic , and definitely not worth the price ! If you want quality at a reasonable cost , look elsewhere .
 I bought this trainer from Performance bike through Amazon.com but the item was return due to defect and they did not have replacement . That 's is too bad .
 The two curved bars arrived rustic -LRB- although they are wrapped in plastics -RRB- . The plastic wrap of the bars also show signs of rustic residue . Although the rustic part will be connected with the horizontal bar and probably wo n't affect usage .
 The pull up bar does n't fit around the molding/trimming of the door opening , which is about 5 '' . This is a major design flaw . I 'm very unsatisfied and think that amazon should not sell this item anymore .
 Do n't waste your time with this . All of the bars require assembly using cheap screws that barely fit in the holes . The washers do n't fit properly on some of the screws , creating a gap that makes it impossible to assemble . After spending 20 minutes trying to get 3 screws into the holes -LRB- normally a 2 minute task -RRB- , I gave up and returned the item.I 've successfully used similar pull up bar devices in the past with the same design -- seek an alternative brand and you 'll be much happier !
 I was very excited to get this product - I was n't even too discouraged that I had to put it together myself -LRB- I 'm typically not very good with these things -RRB- . But I was extremely disappointed when I found out it did n't fit my doorway . I realize I should have followed the measurement guidelines prior to purchasing , but I live in an apartment -LRB- standard everything -RRB- so I just figured it would work . NOTE TO OTHERS - MEASURE YOUR DOORWAY FIRST!After I got over that issue , I figured I could still use it for push ups and tricep dips . Great for about one rep when the cushioning stopped working and all I felt was metal bar driving into my palms . That was more uncomfortable than the actual workouts!I guess I 'll still use it occasionally , but if given a second chance I probably would n't buy this .
 so i made the measurements , and the width will fit all my doors no problem . but there is also a height requirement on this that is not listed . i would recommend at least 2 ~ 3 inches above the door frame clearance . this is so that the top of the holder will be able to hold the top of the frame . unfortunately , this did not fit on my doors .
 Coleman claims this to be a dual-chamber air mattress with both sides independently controlled . However , it fills and deflates both sides together , and only allows a very small deviation between the firmness one partner selects versus the person on the other side . When one person presses `` firm '' for his side -- yes , the male is usually the bigger person needing more air to deflect his weight -- the woman on the other side feels her side inflate , too . When I -LRB- a 100-pound woman -RRB- tried to press `` soft '' to make my side respond to my lower weight , my husband 's side also lost air . So we could never get it comfortable for either of us as the manufacturer claims it will do because the chambers are still very much connected . Customers are able to only control the difference in the two sides to a slight degree . Otherwise , it pumps up and deflates quickly , like any good air mattress with attached pump should . It also has a much nicer pillow top pad than the flocking found on most beds of this type .
 We bought this to replace a long-used similar product , as our youngest is just to the age to pedal on her own . We have enjoyed our past trailer bike , but this one had two manufacturing defects right out of the box . The tire would not hold air , and the clip for the safety flag was the wrong size . The box also contained a note that the bolt for the bike seat was too short , and they included a new bolt . There was no extra flag clip or tire tube . I did n't bother hooking it to the bike to see what else might be wrong . The frame seemed solid , and judging by the other positive reviews it may be I just got one assembled late on a Friday afternoon -LRB- hence a second charity star -RRB- , but this one in definitely going back in the box . Some of the reviews mentioned wobbling and trouble with turns , but having had another trailer , this is not normal . This one may be budget priced for a reason .
 this thing is pretty cheaply made but for what you pay for it its still a great deal and it will do the job that it was designed for
 I wanted a neck knife for when I was camping / fishing . The blade is shard enough but the handle is too thick-but I was able to take off the plastic handles so all was not lost .
 I owned 2 of these knives and both broke at the tip and developed damage to the edge . Knives are not pry bars but they should not break when trying to dig a object out of wood or building materials . I have also ran across a lot of Benchmade 's knives in the trash all with broken tips from normal military use . If you want a knife that is for everyday carry as a civilian it is fine but if you are law enforcement or military and you may have to depend on it look at something else .
 This product is just bad . Bad bad bad bad bad bad bad . Most specifically , the soles are really thin , cheaply made , and horrible . I switched from my Osiris shoes to these because almost a year of skating had taken its toll on my old shoes . I ollied down some stairs that were never a problem before . I have done it at least 100 times before in this same spot , but when I landed it this time I ended up severely bruising the bone on the bottom of my foot . Now I can barely walk . When walking you can feel every little bump on the pavement . Its like there 's nothing more than a Dr. Scholl 's pad between your foot and the ground . This is an example of when a company puts fashion before function . Do not skate in these shoes .
 I bought this lego toy for my son , and once it was put together it was hard to play with it , because it fell apart every time you tried to shoot a basket , it 's cool to look at , you could try to glue it together , for better stability ?
 The picture for this product shows a rectangular , plush-looking pillow . What is inside is a fairly flimsy SQUARE pillow . About the only nice thing I can say about this pillow is that it folds up into a nice tight bundle . Once you open it up , it becomes a very flat square pillow . Airing it out a while puffs it up a bit , but it 's still a square . Skip this one . . it 's not worth the price .
 As the previous reviewer said , I can see this being passable as a one player score keeper . But do n't make a mistake , it 's impossible to correct . If it is possible , I do n't know how as there are no directions . Using it for more than one player is tedious and not practical . With the buttons the way they are , its going to get bumped and errors made . And you probably wo n't even know it.Just a horrible design and a waste of money .
 Overall the item works well . If keeping track of one player it is just fine . When trying to play two players it is hard to get from one player to the second player . To play two players it has to go through all four players before getting back to the first player and then to keep strokes as they happen it is difficult to go back from player one and player two .
 I bought this disc for my three year old for Christmas . He tossed it around for five minutes then the edges tore open . I could n't believe it ! It took longer to inflate than it did to break . Big dissapointment .
 This product was not what I expected . The material is not durabel , the ring around the plastic came out , plus it 's quite expensive for those people that would have to buy a tank of helium to fill the hover disc . I think it 's not worth the price , cuase it does not last to long before it breaks . My 3 year old son only played with it just few hours before it broke bad product it needs to be improved . : -LRB-
 My 8 year old son insisted on getting this toy , even though the reviews said that it would not hold up . Sure enough , the first day that he played with it , the Spider-Man disk came apart . We patched the thing up with tape , but it still has to be blown up every time that it is used , and it goes flat after about 15 minutes . While the size of the disk makes it fun to play with , it is very difficult to store . I would not recommend this toy .
 This is by far the WORST product I have ever purchased for my kids . It broke in 10 minutes . It is so cheap yet so expensive . The manufacturers should be ashamed of themselves for ripping people off .
 If you buy this reel and you will have to service it , sooner than later , especially before the first use . You will have to upgrade the drag washers and service it at least three times a year . So the money you spend servicing it you can buy a Shimano that is better . In the end you get what you pay for , i am using my titus as a door weight .
 I received the item in good time but when I went to install I found that the slot for the crank arm was too small to allow my crank arm to fit through . I sent emails to the adress listed on the receipt to return the item and it was returned as ` undeliverable ' . I noticed a spelling error on the address that was listed and corrected but still no response . I am now stuck with an item that does n't fit and no way to return it . I would not do business with this supplier again .
 The description of this product is very misleading . The manufacturer does not tell you all of the tools required to install this schlocky device . If you are not mechanically inclined and do not feel like taking apart your entire pedal , do not purchase this piece of unsightly plastic .
 Received a W&P ; rain gauge and thermometer for Father 's Day 2010 . The rain gauge cracked the first time below 32 degrees and the thermometer is off 18 degrees.This company appears to sell absolute garbage , most likely cheap foreign made .
 ok product , the batteries that come with it dont work , so you have to get new ones , nice light for writing in the dark , the pen it self is ok , could be better .
 no no no . conceptually ideal , but poor quality proved almost immediately problematic . not the sellers fault , but not actually functional .
 I 've gone through 2 of these in less than a year . The plastic screw-cap that contains the battery is especially fragile and will break easily if dropped even on a soft surface . The ink cartridge is modified slightly so you ca n't use generic refills and have to order through the manufacturer 's website .
 The construction of this pen is good , but the light is just not bright enough for writing in absolute darkness . I can see within a few letters of what I 'm writing , but if I need to see lines and generally write well in the dark I need to see more of the page then this light allows . Would maybe be good when discretion is needed , but it 's just not bright enough for me .
 cheap . top had to be glued upon arrival . light is too bright to use to do movie critiques/reviews . but it does work well for a pen light . just would be better if a red light as bright green light .
 This lighted -LRB- green -RRB- pen meets my expectations with one disappointment
 Light works ok , but pen writes poorly . I wo n't buy another one . because you have to keep scribbling every time to start the ink .
 Ink ran out quickly , batteries as well . Plastic that pen is made with is of poor quality - threads where you screw in the batteries stripped -LRB- on both that I bought -RRB- . Horrible and flimsy .
 It wo n't write well on ANY surface - I 've tried to use it on multiple occasions on multiple surfaces but usually , after a few tries , I get fed up , grab another pen and just use the light while I write with something else . I replaced the item when I accidentally smashed it and thought the new one would be better/different , but no dice ... poor writing quality and sometimes no writing at all due to poor product/ink cartridge , etc.What a waste . -LRB- and I still have n't found a pen with a built in light that 's decent and not insanely expensive :-LRB- -RRB-
 I purchased this for my wife who is medium sized . It will only fit her head barely with only about 1/4 '' of velcro . This visor was obviously designed for a person with a larger head in mind but still , it can get about 5 '' bigger to they could have made the velcro path a little longer for womens sized heads .
 my four year old got it for his birthday it lasted about a 1/2 hour . he had a great time playing with it but it rips easily and if you can see where the whole is you can patch it but it keeps ripping unless you can play with it maybe in a football field where ther are no obstacles to run into .
 This started out being a good toy for outside , but the first throw by our front yard tree , and there was a big rip in the hover disc . I was hoping that it would last more then 3 minutes ! : -LRB-
 I used this product for my leather snowboard gloves . The water protectant lasted for a few hours then rubbed off . If you touch snow constantly then find another product .
 DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT BUY ANY PRODUCTS FROM THE WESLO COMPANY . I just received my `` Weslo Cadence C44 Treadmill '' and have attempted to assemble it . The handrail holes are not drilled in the proper spots so that they may be attached correctly to the console . The Customer Service numbers are all disconnected . Their website gives an additional number to call , and a recorded message tells you to either call the now disconnected numbers , or puts you on hold for about 2 minutes before it hangs up on you . I have wasted an entire afternoon trying to contact them . This company is a complete scam . If you are even considering buying one of their products , your money is better spent getting your head checked .
 What a poorly constructed piece of equipment . I 've had it 6 months and it 's already developed issues . It would run for 10 minutes then it would just randomly stop and refuse to run for more than 30 seconds at a time . The service number they posted on their site does not work , I emailed them and someone responded to recalibrate the machine but she gave me the wrong instructions and when I emailed her back she never responded . Customer service is atrocious and the product sucked . I suppose you get what you pay for . I might as well say I rented a treadmill for 6 months . .
 The Cadence C44 Treadmill was purchased new for Christmas . The belt would run then jerk , whine and stop . I spent countless hours on hold with the Weslo service center . They sent me instructions and replacement parts 3 different times . After installing the parts it still did not work . A repairman was sent . He got it running with a wrinkle in the walking belt he could not remove . It ran 2 weeks . A new belt was ordered 2 months ago & is still on back order . In the 5 months we have had it , it was only usable for 2 weeks . This treadmill is a COMPLETE LEMON !
 DO NOT BUY THIS TREADMILL ! After spending hours putting it together -LRB- with some pieces that do n't quite fit together -RRB- I started the treadmill only to find out that one of the belt rollers had fallen down about 3 inches . After opening up the front , I was able to fix it . Now that it 's running , the thing is so jerky that I do n't feel safe walking , much less running , on it . If it 's that jerky with someone at 140 lbs , I feel really bad for anyone heavier trying to use it . This treadmill is flimsy and unsafe . SAVE YOUR MONEY , SAVE YOUR TIME AND DO N'T BUY THIS TREADMILL !!
 I bought my Weslo Treadmill yesterday afternoon , a Friday , and I was so excited . My friend and I spend about an hour putting this thing together only to find out it does n't even work !!!!! The power turned on but no motor . We took it apart to make sure everything was connected and again , did n't work . I called the service number only to find out that no one could help me until Monday ! I 'm pretty upset that I have a brand new machine in my home that does n't even work . We 'll see how this works out but as of today , I am extremely upset about this purchase .
 Once you get this put together ... This is a rather difficult assembly . It took two people 90 minutes to get together . Leave the zip ties in place -LRB- I did this and still lost a nut that I was unable to connect to this day -RRB- . Connecting the control panel was the most difficult . Next was connecting the base to the belt housing was the second most difficult . Plan on two people and a lot of time to get this together . When you are using it the tread mill is louder than most other units . It also is a little unsteady - because I could n't get the last nut to hold the head unit on . Over all I would purchase again - only because it was the cheapest on at the store . The next model up has little more to offer and was 100.00 more expensive . Good luck & especially good luck putting this thing together !
 This product is mis-represented . The cot I recieved is a small , cheap cot . It was shipped poorly packaged which resulted in it 's being broken . I contacted the seller , BP Medical , by e-mail who said they would make it right , just call . After several failed attempts to contact the person who e-mailed me , I was finally able to speak with him . He was very short with me and asked what I wanted . I again explained that the cot was not as represented and I wanted to exchange . He only agreed to replace the broken parts which I still have not recieved several months later .
 I purchased three of these cots several months before going camping , thinking they would be extra strong as they indicated a 600lb capacity . After sleeping on them one night , all the cots ripped were they 'd been sewn together . Biggest person using them was 250lbs . Luckily no one fell through the cots . I called the company telling them the cots seemed defective since they 'd ripped along the seems that had been sewn . They said they 'd replace them if I paid shipping to return the defective cots , and pay shipping for the replacement cots . Was n't worth the money . Item did n't meet advertised quality .
 i weigh 325 lbs and sleep on cot for two weeks before it ripped on the side and a rivot fell out . if your 250 or less it might work for you .
 Cot broke in the middle of the night . Not heavy duty like was stated . Do not recommend for anyone who does a lot of camping .
 I payed good money for a Cheap producted my wife at 140 pounds broke it the first night.I Call the company no results.Was even a different color Blue Do not buy this cot .
 We have two young skiers , so I figured the padded grip would be extremely comfortable for them . It was , however , the rubber in the grip never made it through one weekend before it tore along the seam . We ordered a replacement and received it in time to try again the next weekend , only to have the exact same issue . On top of that , the handle sinks . DO NOT BUY THIS SKI ROPE . Spend an extra $ 10-20 for something that has a better handle .
 Although the 2 section is good as it allows to fix a small towable , the handle lost the grip easy.After 3 rounds I had to glue the grip again , and every 3 days I had to do it again . The grip is glued on the wrong side , having the seam toward the dragging line , here when the rope and handle is in the water being towed by the boat , the water rips the grip out of the handle.The color received is not the one n the pictures -LRB- I got a black and white one -RRB- .
 It does work well with maybe two set of skis ... But it sure ca n't fit four pairs of skis or 2 boards ... lol ! No way ! And good luck using a factory rack ; I have a Toyota '08 Forerunner Limited , and it DOES N'T fit ! Good luck with the Yakima rack system , piece of junk . The bars on that system and the Thule carrier is made to go on square bars ... figures ... Though I learned that with the Kayak system too , so whatever ... In the end , it has to go on a Thule Rack System .
 The literature describes this unit as a flat-mount ski rack compatible with any factory-installed roof rack with crossbars . Hardly.My vehicle is a 2006 GMC Envoy with a factory roof rack . This rack is the same one used on many GM SUVs , so great numbers of them are out there . These racks have crossbars with a `` reverse wing '' shape that are tilted forward , presumably to reduce wind noise . The Thule `` universal '' mounting system will not conform to these crossbars , and will only mount with the ski rack tilting forward -LRB- or backward -RRB- at a silly angle . It can be used in this conformation , but it looks odd.Also , the ski rack indeed locks over the skis/boards , but the mounts are not lock-protected , so the entire ski rack and contents can be easily stolen with standard wrenches.My searches found no alternative to this rack , however , and it does work for the intended purpose .
 I got this bike about a month ago , it sucks . My tube popped twice and the pedals cracked when i was doing grinds . It also sucks because it has 3/8 '' axles instead of the 14mm ones . Another thing is that it has only 1 - piece cranks , the standard is 3 - piece , there isnt any information on here that says anything about the parts on this bike , if you want to get a good bike , and your worried about the price ... that is the best bmx store ever . I would say that EASTERN or HOFFMAN BIKES are the best bmx brands but other ones are good too .
 im a 12 year old kid and i was wondering if this bike required assembly cuz i really want to customize my bike without dismantling it and assembling it again so yea i really wan na no if the bike needs assembly
 seems warm but it already has a hole where the stitching came apart . very dissapointed in that as i was hoping for a quality piece of clothing . i am a busy developer that wants to keep warm and dont have time to send items back or complain . it also fits very tight even though it is 2XL . i am 6 ' 2 '' , 220 lbs .
 I found this product to be less than desired . I am an avid hunter who hunts staying all night hidden -LRB- without moving for no less than six hours -RRB- waiting for my preys -LRB- mostly boars , hunted at night , with no more lights than the moon 's -RRB- . I was expecting some product that might keep my body 's heat , something critical when you are completely still for hours , at 10F ... perhaps this product will be OK for reigning temperatures no lower than 40/45F and keeping yourself in continuous activity , but for my intended use , it was quite disappointing ... Besides I found they do n't last for long , since mine is already tearing after some mere five time I wore it ! Under Armour is a much better option !
 im actualy using my mom 's account cause i dont have 1 . This gun is only good for sniper practice . It is only 275fps with 0.12 g bbs and 190fps with 0.2 . It was pretty good at first , but it is no comparison to an $ 80 gun That is realy $ 80 -LRB- i edited that last part -.0 -RRB- . If you think of buying this gun try looking for an automatic or a shotgun .
 this gun would be good if it did n't jam alot i had mine for 4 days and every shot i have to take out the clip and put it back it so it woul shoot dont listen to the other fag this gun sucks trust me this is the only shot gun the jams all the other 1 's dont so dont buy the hardballer 2 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This product is NOT the Raider Shield ! do NOT buy this product if you are looking for the Raider Shield . What comes in the mail is a Helmet with the Raider logo . it 's a great product BUT it 's not the Shield in the picture .
 THE PIX SHOWN ON THE WEB PAGE IS NOT THE ONE THEY WERE SELLING.HOWEVER THE COMPANY MADE GOOD ON THE DEAL VERY QUICKLY.GOOD PEOPLE TO DO BUSINESS WITH.THE KNIFE IS A LOT BIGGER THAN I WANTED . . BUT IT IS A WELL MADE PRODUCT .
 I bought one of these because I needed a slightly larger cooler than my trusty Lil ' Oscar for a 3-day canoe camping trip . I pre-chilled the cooler by filling it with ice the day before the trip and my food and drinks were cold before I put them inside . Even after taking those steps , in less than a day all the ice had melted . By the morning of the second day , all of the food and drinks were warm . My trip was in the spring . The high temperatures were in the 50 's and 60 's and I kept the cooler in the shade as much as possible . Even so , it failed to keep things cold and I had to throw some of my food away . I would say that if all you want to do is take this cooler on an afternoon picnic or tailgating then it may be OK , but make sure you plan for having lots of water in the cooler from melting ice . It is definitely not an efficient cooler .
 I recommend against anyone buying this rack because mine turned out to be very insecure . By that I mean that when I thought the rack had enough tension against the sides of the bed , I was wrong . What would happen is I 'd put the bikes on the fork mounts , drive down the road , and the rack would slip out of place . I really thought that my bikes were going to bounce out of the back or roll off of the side , since the rack they were attached to was n't really secured to anything . When I 'd stop my truck , and get out to look in the back , the bikes would all be slumped over on their sides , hanging on for dear life . Plus the rectangular aluminum rod that the mounts were attached to would spin in any direction they felt like , meaning that the fork mounts would spin with it . The locking mechanism that i 'd stick my key into would n't hold any of it in place . This rack is all around just weak and unstable . Do n't buy it .
 worked good for a while until the entire locking mechanism fell out and i could n't get it back in would recommend not to buy
 Had to return for refund . Item end cap secured by c clip inside . C clip popped off and no way to get it back on inside the bar . Poor construction design .
 READ THE ENTIRE REVIEWI got this and installed it last week . I am a bit slow so after I worked out all the kinks it took me about 30 mins.I have no problems with it initially . The bar itself did turns a little during transit and this results in the bike falling in the tray of the van but thats because I did not tighten it firmly enough or so I thought.Its a relatively attactive piece and was simple enough to install . I read reviews about it not being made out of good material and this turned out to be true . The rack appears to be well constructed.UPDATED 1st JUNE 2011
 I orginally purchased this product in December as a Christmas present for my son . The first one that we received was missing one the clips that is used to hold the bow quiver in place . This one was returned and when we received the replacement bow case the same part was missing . Amazon.com told us there was not need to send another one out since the thought that it would also have a missing part . Will not purchase this brand again , having a difficult time finding somewhere to purchase the missing part .
 I ordered the jersey in a Men 's Small which is the size my grandson wears . I wrapped the package and when my grandsonopened it on his birthday , it was gigantic . My husband who wears a 2XL , and it would fit him.When I tried to return the jersey , I find that I have to call Customer Service . I do not want to call Customer Serviceand go through all that agony . We are stuck with a $ 90 jersey ... Other than sizing , the shipping was speedy , etc. I turned around and ordered another jersey from Amazon in a Youth XL , and it fits him perfectly .
 Big disappointment ... just received , and the picture of the product suggests that the rope is one of the thin , non-stretching types which is NOT the case . The rope is a plain-old ski rope , which stretches , and is not designed for wake-boarding . Very disappointed - be warned .
 The trick handle for the rope came apart where it connect to the main rope . I contacted the manufacture and they sent me the wrong rope for replacement .
 My son saved up his money for months to purchase this shotgun . He was soooo excited when it finally came ... until he went outside to shoot it . There is a small rod that runs along the bottom side of the barrel and pokes into the cocking mechanism to load the bullet when you cock the gun . The rod was missing from the gun , so we packaged it back up and sent it back for an exchange . Once again , my son was soooo excited when the replacement came ... until he went outside to shoot it . This time the orange tip was cracked and the cocking mechanism was detached from the body of the gun . If I could give this gun zero stars , I would.The one positive I can say has nothing to do with the gun . I can say that Amazon 's return service is excellent . We received the first gun on a Monday , boxed and shipped it back , and received the replacement the following Monday . And this was in the midst of the rush of the holiday season when I 'm sure shipping companies are super busy.Bottom line , though , is the shotgun is a piece of junk . If you 're in the market for one , DO NOT BUY THIS ONE . The cheaper price is not worth the hassle .
 The picture for this product is incorrect , what I received is a single large bullseye , rather than the 5 bullseye sighting in targets .
 The belt seems nice enough . I 'm not sure what qualifies it as a belt to be used for carry . It 's not any heavier than any of the other `` normal '' belts I have -LRB- although it is more expensive -RRB- . As one other reviewer mentioned it is also `` oranger '' than it appears to be on the website . Sizing also appears to be smaller than normal . It 's not awful , but not what I needed , so back it goes .
 I like this belt OK . It looks good . But I needed it to help support carry of a 1911 . It is not a bad belt , it is just not thick or firm enough to carry something heavy . Not good for the purpose for which I bought it .
 Bianchi has been around and is well known for thier gun leather , so I mistakenly thought this belt would be appropriate and provide adequate support for use with a concealed carry , outside the waitband holster . Not so.This belt is made in Mexico . Leather thickness varies from .133 '' to .155 '' . After a month of wear , the belt is sagging and showing areas of ripples and weakened areas in the leather . I 'm not overweight -LRB- waist 33 , 6 ' 1 '' tall -RRB- , so I 'm not putting any undue or unusual stresses on the belt.If you are looking for a belt for utility use , to carry a weapon or other tools that may weigh more than a cell phone - - this ai n't it . Bianchi has outsourced their product and quality .
 I worked on this for a while , and could n't get the 2nd side of the tire against the rim . I brought it to my local bike shop , who said they could n't either.It might 've worked with a 20x1 .95 tire -LRB- I was trying on a 1.75 -RRB- . Anyway , tough to do . The bike shop said they charge $ 30 to lots of people who can change a normal tire but ca n't do these.Steve
 These tubes will make you work harder on your bike . Since they are solid , there is more mass for you to move , meaning you will hae to pedal harder . But thats not the main issue I had with them . They are really soft -LRB- they do n't get as hard as a tire with standard tube . -RRB- They run as if you are riding a bike with a flat . I had these on my 20 '' BMX bike . Had them on for one night , And returned them the following day . Walmart tried to tell me that they wo n't return them since they are used . I explained all their faults , and how I was amazed that they stand by a product as worthless as this one . I eventually got my refund . But I 'd rather let you people know , so you do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Second set of these things . First set was for a bike with 20x1 .95 tires . I bought the ones for 20x 1.75-1 .95 . They are too loose for that bike but they work somewhat . Next bike 20x2 .125 . I bought the 20x2 .125 tubes and they are way too big the tire would not even go on the rim . I tried for a couple of hours . Followed the directions and tried many other things but no go . I have fixed tires on tractors , car , and tractor trailers . I would rather do those any day . I am going to send these pieces of junk back .
 I am 5 ' 11 '' 165 lb and I 've ridden bike since a teenager.I thought this would be a good idea for my mountain bike but once installed to ride with them there was way too much drag . It would be good if you just wanted to workout and never go anywhere.I 'm going back to inflatable tubes !
 Worst biking experience ever . these tubes make it feel like riding a bike on half inflated tires . I could not ever recomend this product for any reason .
 Literally one of the worst products I 've ever used . Purchased the 26 '' 1.75-1 .95 size from Wal-Mart -LRB- only $ 20 , too -RRB- for the back tire of my Raleigh , which has 26 `` x1 .75 rims on it . Installation was n't quite as bad as everyone makes it out to be , but was still kind of a pain . It recommends you coat everything in soapy water , which I did , so maybe that was why it was n't so bad.Anyways , I took a test ride to campus to see how it would work out . By the time I was at the end of my street -LRB- roughly 1/4 mile -RRB- I was winded . I 'm used to longer rides , too , and this was just terrible . It 's akin to riding your bike through moist sand . It feels like it 's half-flat . I was dripping sweat by the time I got to campus and was dreading the ride home.Additionally , the tube does what can best be described as `` flexing , '' that is , it seems to warp itself around the rim mid-ride . It did this to such a degree when rounding corners that the tire was actually rubbing on the inside of my fork . Not only is this incredibly annoying , but it 's a colossal safety hazard , since it also tends to throw you slightly off balance . I was fearing for my life while riding in narrow bike lanes.Removal was n't quite as bad as everyone says ; I did n't have to cut mine off . I did do some damage to it , though , while prying it off the rim with a flathead screwdriver . We 'll see if Wal-Mart takes it back.It should be noted that a significant amount of the 5-star reviews for this product are people that did n't use it themselves , i.e. `` I bought it for my grandkids and they love it ! No more flats huehuehuehue . '' Well , yeah , your kids or grandkids are probably just screwing around in the cul-de-sac and not riding it through urban streets . Save your money and buy two self-sealing tubes instead . You 'll be glad you did ; I guarantee it .
 Bell No-Mor Flats Bike Inner TubeI recently moved to a new area outside of town in surprise AZ. . I live really close to the White tank mountains and have been riding to and from the mountains every other day . That is almost 20 miles each day that I ride . The other day I got a flat tire So I decided to try out one of these bell never go flat tubes . It fit right in my 26 1.95 . A little too easy , even though the box said it would take some effort . Either way , I got it in and I was excited to use it . This morning was my ride day so I set off on an 18 mile ride up the white tank mountains . I did not even get out of my own neighborhood before I turned around . I was forced to turn around . unfortunately , even though I had installed the bell never go flat tube , I indeed had a flat tire . It was embarrassing to say the lease . I could not even go anywhere and it felt like the first time I had ever ridden a bike . It was like riding through sand or heavy syrup . I literally rode only 5 miles but my heart was racing , I was out of breath and sweating profusely on an 80 degree morning . I honestly feel ripped off . The enjoyment of riding my bike was gone . The excitement was sucked right out by a product that just turned out to be a gimmick . I am ashamed of bell . I knew they had gone down hill but lately all of the products I have bought from them seem to defective or in some way not worth their price . In all honesty , I would not recommend this product to anyone , unless you are scared to leave your street yet looking for a great boring and fast workout .
 After countless problems with flats , I made the decision to go Bell No-Mor inner tube.I had to take it off and go back . No coast at all . you stop pedaling . you stop . Like riding on a flat.Maybe if you weigh less than 75 lbs , maybe . I will retry when I need to change the front inner tube .
 These tubes are very heavy and make the bike a lot harder to pedal . I took it into a shop to see why the bike was so hard to move , and he said its the tubes . And to remove them , you have to cut the tires off because the airless tubes are impossible to take off without destroying either the tire or the rim !
 I bought this exact product from Bell , through Amazon around one-year ago ; just yesterday my seventh spoke broke . When I had the first spoke break , on Monday - of this week , I made an appointment with my bike mechanic -LRB- 40-year expert and custom bike builder , from everyday person to bike racers -RRB- to fix the problem , on Friday . It was still ride able than ; yesterday , after the fifth-seventh spokes breaking , I could stop t he back tire from wobbling so bad that ran into the frame and made it impossible to ride , I was stuck half way to destination . This morning I was told that I should have talked to him first before buying this product . He continued by saying that the lack of spring in the tire part of the wheel , over time - I ride 5-days a week , caused the spokes to start breaking . He said that he could not remove the tubes , without cutting the rubber tire and peel it off the tubes ; that would take more money and time than have to give right now . Having put the tubes in , I explained to him how Bell recommends we install and thus remove the tubes , he tired that and said the fit is way too tight to do that -LRB- the tubes are the right tubes for my tire and wheel -RRB- . As you can imagine I am as made as BLANK , I spent $ 50 + to have these tubes in my bikes ' tires . Of course , I am going to ask for a refund ; but , as my bike mechanic said , I am passing this warning onto everyone I can that thinks of buying these tubes ; especially , since no warning ever given to me , even bike forums or from Bell . >> >> > How do you rate this item ? 1 star selected 1 star 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 stars < < < < < ; if it allow me I would rate it no stars ; I got ripped off ! My mechanic does not charge everyday people more than they afford , so , he only charged me the cost of new spokes .
 When I found out Bell had bought out Cyclo , I said to myself
 Let me preface my review by saying that I am relatively tall and weigh about 200 pounds . I replaced both of my 26 x 1.95 '' tubes with these.I had hoped these tubes would be adequate for riding primarily on the street and through the occasional thorn-laden dirt patch . I knew they would be heavier than a standard tube , but I also expected that they would be firm and usable . Unfortunately , it was like riding on flat tires , including an unpleasant squishy noise as I pedaled along . On the plus side , I got an excellent workout from a very short ride , as they probably doubled the amount of energy I might have normally expended.I think that my experience with this product might differ greatly from that of someone needing a smaller tube for a smaller rider . I would definitely not recommend them for adults .
 I knew I was taking a gamble since the reviews were inconsistent . While I 'm sure they would have eliminated the possibility of getting a flat again , they slowed my bike down so much it was like peddling through sand . On top of that they had a `` lumpy '' out of round feel to them . I was also afraid the beads on my tires were going to slip off the rim . They 'll probably work in a utilitarian application like a hot-dog cart or wheel barrow but they 're useless for a bicycle unless you want an extra workout .
 I wish I would have read these reviews first . I 'm a heavy guy using 26 '' tires I 've been biking farther and farther to build fitness and the idea of having to walk 20 miles back to my car if I got a flat did not appeal to me so I bought these . It felt like riding on a flat and not to be picky but they squeaked . Would not recommend to adult riders .
 tube did not fit tire , it was too large an bulged out on the sides , luckily I am just using it for a garden cart because it would never work for a bicycle , you ca n't get the tire tucked back into the rim .
 It serves the purpose of securing your bike rack to your hitch but Thule is clearly bending us over without the courtesy of a reach around . Way over priced !!!!!! Next time I need a product that Thule is the market competing I will not even consider purchasing a Thule product .
 Wish I would have bought a different branded rack . I was installing my new rack the morning I was leaving for a road trip when I got to step 11 and realized that this piece would have to be purchased separately in order to prevent my bikes from being stolen . I ca n't believe they would intentionally leave their customers in that position in order to extract $ 50 after selling an already over-priced rack . Can you imagine buying a house and then being told that if you want to be secure you need to spend an extra $ 5000 on doors that have locks?I would put this in my top 10 product rip-offs I have ever experience . Whoever conceived this idea at Thule should be fired and have all of their bicycles taken away . I will never purchase another one of their products again .
 Thule should redesign this product or offer alternatives . This product is rather expensive for what it is.I purchased one for my rack and lost it on my second outing . My problem is that the lock ca n't be locked without the key . I kept the bike lock keys in the glove compartment . I mounted the hitch converter -LRB- to 2 '' -RRB- and locked it on . I then put the rack on and tightened the pin with the supplied wrench but I forgot to grab the keys for the Thule lock . So I set the lock in place loaded the bikes and I forgot to get the key to lock it . So I lost it in the road . My mistake but the product design could be better to help prevent this.If I buy another one I 'll put the lock in my pocket if I do n't have the key but a lock that will snap on without the key would have saved me from myself or a wire attached to a washer and the lock cylinder so that it would hang down but ca n't fall off if it 's not locked would have also helped me.I would suggest that Thule should offer a combination lock version . Thus you are never without the key .
 The rating is for what was shipped.The lock itself gets 5 stars from me . I have had a STL Snug-Tite lock for several years and like it very much . Unfortunately , the lock came off -LRB- my fault -RRB- though the bolt portion is still very securely attached -LRB- even after taking it on some rough 4wd roads in Colorado -RRB- . So I ordered a new one for the locking mechanism.However , what Amazon shipped is the STL2 Snug-Tite -LRB- which I can get locally -RRB- . If you want the STL , do n't order this one as you may not get what you ordered . I requested a replacement with the correct one and asked that they confirm it was the correct one . Unfortunately , they shipped the wrong one again .
 As others have said , just go and buy at locking hitch pin for a fraction of the cost , or better yet , use a cable and lock which will be much more secure .
 First , the lock fits very loosely on the hitch `` pin '' -LRB- screw -RRB- , so the unit adds noting to the stability . But , the real issue is though this lock will impede the removel of the hitch pin , security is an illusion . The upright assembly is held to the hitch with two standard bolts -LRB- nuts -RRB- . So , with the lock , instead of removing one bolt -LRB- the hitch pin -RRB- , you have to loosen two nuts and remove two bolts . You 've really gained almost zero added security .
 Very expensive , does n't self lock easy to lose . Can be smashed off with a hammer with one blow . If you try to lock this while it 's on the hitch up under your car you have to be very careful to get it all the way over the little nipple and then lock it and then really triple check it to make sure it 's locked or it will fall off while you are driving and you will have to pay $ 45.00 for another one . The Sportworks and the Yakima lock self lock when you slide them on , it 's still possible to lose one , but it 's much more difficult and you do n't have to crawl up under your car to lock it .
 We bought this to use with the Thule 665C Cargo Box . First we found it un-necessary -LRB- the cargo box has a bolt that would perform just as well -RRB- . The &#34; lock &#34; end is cheap plastic with a junk lock that can easily be pryed off with a screw driver/lever or knocked off with a hammer.It is threaded at the bolt head end which provides additional security should the &#34; lock &#34; end break or fall off.It does the basic job a bolt would do.It does look nice even though it is extra long for 11/4 &#34; receivers.All-in-all , if you like paying $ 50 for a bolt with a &#34; pretty &#34; plastic nut -LRB- lock -RRB- when a $ 5 bolt would do , this is for you .
 MAKE YOUR OWN - This part is a total waste of money . I went to REI to pick-up this lock , when I asked the salesman the price he told me $ 50 ! I asked him why I could not simply use a small piece of chain to connect the rack to the trailer hitch . He told me I would be better off doing that and said just last weekend they had broken one off for a customer , with a single whack with a hammer -LRB- on the lock side which is thin evidently -RRB- . I picked up a small length of strong chain for $ 2.09 at the hardware store , put it through an old bike inner tube so it would not clang against the hitch and used two old padlocks to lock the chain ends to the rack and the trailer hitch -LRB- which is bolted and spot welded onto the car -RRB- . So please , do n't waste your money on the Thule STL2 Snug-Tite Lock II , MAKE YOUR OWN !
 I had to reluctantly replace my old Sportworks rack -LRB- moved and had no room to transport it -RRB- and found that the simple hitch pin/theft deterrent system Sportworks used has not been carried over by Thule . Instead Thule supplies a 12mm x 40mm short threaded bolt . Then I discovered that Thule wants $ 50 for a hitch pin bolt w/a cheesy looking yuppie lock `` system '' . Sporkworks utilized a simple and practical partially threaded hex head bolt w/a hole on opposite end for attaching a small padlock or cotter pin , simple easy , no rattle w/lock washer and impossible for the pin to completely back off.So I purchased a 12mm dia x 80mm long partially threaded bolt $ 2.25 that would extend thru the receiver , drilled a hole -LRB- you 'll want a drill press -RRB- that would accommodate a small padlock $ 1.50 and presto I had an IMO a secure , rattle free `` locking hitch pin '' . The benefit is the bolt extends thru the receiver so the lock is on the opposite side in the event the bolt unthreads it will not come out due to the pad lock and you will not loose your rack & bikes on the road.I am disappointed that Thule did not provide this type of simple bolt set up like Sportworks did as original equipment . The Snug-Tite one key could have remained an option for those who care about such things but a $ 400.00 rack should come w/a a basic securing system that has a lock & loss prevention capability . Thinking about it I 've never seen a hitch pin that did not extend thru the receiver so a cotter pin could not be used to prevent pin loss.If I had to do it over I 'd buy a KUAT brand Sherpa or better the NV , they come complete w/integrated hitch & bike locks for the same price , the NV has a built in repair stand . Anybody want to buy my once used Thule T-2 ?
 I purchased this thinking it would be an easier , quicker way to remove my bike rack , only to see that I would still have to use a wrench to remove it . If you 're not familiar with a Thule rack , it does n't use a hitch pin to hold it to the receiver , but uses a bolt instead . I was under the impression this lock would work as a pin . Slide it through and lock the end . Not like that at all . Go to a trailer store , buy a hitch pin that accepts a lock and walk out at least $ 20 better .
 I just purchased the Thule 9031 bike rack and hated the thought of some thug making off with it by simply unbolting one bolt at the hitch so I considered the Snug-Tite Lock . When I found out that Thule is charging almost $ 50 for a bolt with a cheap lock on it , I decided to create my own solution . After a couple days thinking about it , I came up with a solution for just about $ 10 . When you install a Thule hitch mounted rack , there 's only one bolt that goes into the hitch receiver . This leaves you with a hole on the opposite side which is perfect for sliding one of those thin cable Master locks through . Simply slide the thin end of the cable lock -LRB- the male end -RRB- in through the hitch hole on the opposite side of the bolt that holds the rack to the hitch . Push the cable lock through the hole until it exits out of the rear of the hitch receiver , then just click the lock shut . Only about 10 bucks for the lock and probably more secure than the Snug-Tite .
 Thule makes exceptional products . This is not one of them . Use 3 ' length of chain or braided cable with a sturdy padlock to the frame of your hitch receiver assembly . This is a locking nut that can be easily broken or pryed off by a thief with simple tools .
 After purchasing an expensive Thule bike rack , I found that in order to get a more secure bolt for the receiver was to purchase this lock . The rack can be taken apart and stolen at other points on the rack , but this lock bolt designed for the receiver does seem like it would provide a more stable and secure fit and lock rather than the supplied bolt.I purchased this lock through Amazon -LRB- warehouse deals -RRB- BE CAREFUL when buying from this place . They must not have any quality control there . When I received the lock it only came in a plastic package that contained a wrench and a plastic `` Thule '' connector - IT WAS MISSING THE BOLT , WASHERS AND CYLINDER LOCK AND KEY . How in the world could you send someone something with not even half the parts . We were leaving for vacation and really needed the lock but had to leave without it because of the poor quality control from Warehouse deals.Thankfully we have had no problems with just using the supplied bolt that came with the rack . When I contacted Amazon about the problem they made me pay for the return shipping ... so I am out $ 5 and still NO LOCK !!!
 Ok people . . there are actually two bolts that hold your rack together . Why would this lock make your rack secure ? Any idiot could just unscrew the other bolt and get anything you had on your rack plus most of the rack itself . This product is completely ridiculous . The design of this bike rack is very lacking . They should design the rack with security in mind and not charge extra for it . Seriously . . isnt that part of their job ? Who would want to buy a rack that is easy to steal ? If you bought this rack then you are much better off just using a chain and a decent lock to chain it all together and chain it down to your hitch .
 if you 're using a cable to secure your bikes to the rack you 're better off fastening one end to the trailer hitch and the other end around the bikes .
 My mother asked that I write a review of this product . I purchased this video as a gift for my mother and she was very disappointed ! She says that for it to be a level 3 , it is actually as easy -LRB- if not easier -RRB- than the level 2 she was doing . . -LRB- my mom 's words -RRB- The whole point of buying a level 3 video is to have a better , more intense workout than you were receiving at level 2 - and with this one did NOT do that ! : -LRB-
 Sportbrain , Inc. recently went out of business . Their business model did n't allow them to continue operating a free online service . Without their proprietary dial-up service , the units are worthless.They desperately wanted to control your data -LRB- rather than dump the data on your own computer -RRB- , but look where it got them ... Loved my Sportbrain , but alas , it is no longer ...
 I purchased Sport Brain `` Buddy Brains '' for my husband in June . Since that time we have enjoyed walking and competing together in our efforts to get back in shape . However , now that Sport Brain has gone out of business , we are unable to use these devices as we can not upload our personal information to the web site . That makes these Sport Brains totally useless .
 This was a sad joke . First of all you do not get a set of two , you get one . Second , they are not night lights . They are a cheap little trinket that are clearly labeled musical novelty snowman . They play a piercing and tinny version of Jingle Bells and have a changing color light in them . They would be a hit at any dollar store . I sent them all back . Do n't buy !!
 I just received for my husband what i thought was a power ice auger ... . from what the product description list stated . The item is actually only the replacement unit not the whole thing.Please list your items correctly !
 This item is a waste of time . It is extremely hard to fix and it is to big to fit in a 3 garage room . Do n't waste your money on this product !
 we ordered this for my 10 year old . the backboard is very thin plexiglass , but the worst part is that the base leaks , so every couple of days , the water leaks out and the thing comes crashing down . it has n't hurt anyone yet and we placed sand bags on the base , but it is so flimsy that the sandbags collapse the base and it still seems unstable .
 We purchased this for our daughters as a surprise when we moved to our new home in a cul de sac . It 's all they talked about when they saw the street ! Unfortunately , we did n't open the package until we moved which was a couple of months later . Although the box looked undamaged , inside was another story . The base had a crack about a foot long and the baseboard was cracked and to top things off the main poles were missing ! Needless to say it went to the dump out $ 250 and dissapointed that the surprise for our daughters was ruined !
 Purchase the Spalding Backboard for my grandchildren . It came in a box that was in bad shape . Parts were missing and it wook over 2 months to get all the parts . They should ship product in better box . Poor quality control .
 How many parts would you think there could be for this kit ? Obviously the base , rim , backboard and pole will be separate . Break the pole into sections , throw in some bolts and we 'll have 20 or 30 pieces ? Actually , for this kit the number is over 100 ! And it 's more than just the sheer number of parts ; there clearly has been no effort made to control the complexity of this inventory , with many of the pieces similar yet slightly different , e.g. , there are lots of slightly different sized washers and spacers . Do n't think that because you 've assembled Ikea kits with lots of identical screws that you are then prepared for this endeavor -- this is absolutely a whole different ball game.The comparison with Ikea is also instructive when looking at the directions . Ikea typically asks you to do just one thing for each image , with a level of detail that makes it very obvious from the moment you see the sheet what you need to do . Well , if Spalding had applied a similar approach to this kit , the instructions would be > 100 pages long . So instead we get in some cases exploded schematics that require you to stop and study , particularly since there are multiple instances where the image shows different parts than what actually ships with the kit you just bought . This would be no big deal if you were n't sifting through a mountain of parts trying to identify the part in your hand , making what ought to be trivial inaccuracies into something more aggravating.Spalding has pushed every bit of work out of the factory to you . And I mean it when I use the word ` every '
 We purchased this for our son two Christmas 's ago or 20 months . The backboard is thin , but worked fine for our 11 year old . He also had no trouble adjusting the height which was great . Moving it around was fairly easy when needed but it pretty much sat in the same place in the backyard . I remember it taking a couple hours to put together . We have enjoyed this basketball hoop ... but ... The base of the basketball hoop started to crack about 5 months ago ... not a problem then but when the ball would hit the base in the right spot , the base would crack a little more . Now it is cracked all around and does n't hold water . We called the company and asked if we could purchase a new one last month . They sold us a new one for a little less than $ 50 but it is backlogged till November . We must not be the only ones with this problem . Our friends have the same hoop and they are getting cracks in it now , but not as bad as ours yet.I love reading reviews and appreciate feedback when making a decision on a purchase . This was a good product for the price and we have got much enjoyment out of it . Maybe we just got a bad base and they had a bad mix of plastics . It should have lasted longer than it did and wanted to share that with others .
 I bought this gun with high expectations . After the first 2 magazines , the pin holding the selector switch flew out of the back of the slide , causing the rear slide and its 1mm metal ball bearing to fall out . After finding all of the parts , put it all back toghether , but the gun pulled the same trick . I found out that I needed to tighten a screw under the rear sight , but the sight is stuck TOTALLY fast , it wo n't budge ! I was extremely dissapointed with this gun .
 I was not impressed with the product . I tried it on , and although it fit comfortably the padding was so thin that while testing it , even light hits from my kids were able to be felt through the Hexpad . To top it off , after I returned the product , I found it at a local sports store for half the price .
 After reading all reviews , I decided this goal was the best deal for money eventhough did not like how it looked . We got the rim all rust proofed and everythingput together and it would not hold water . There was a tiny hole in the bottom andso was n't heavy enough . Had to return -- what a pain in the ass !
 The structure is not well supported . It continually falls in to the pool . Designated areas for water fill leak . . Not recommended .
 I bought this basketball hoop about six weeks ago based on the multitude of favorable Amazon reviews . Over the past six weeks the hoop has gotten a lot of use by a lot of kids , but it is already falling apart . The net on the hoop has all but disintegrated from the kids going up for shots and catching their fingers in it . At this point , there is only about 3 '' of net hanging from the rim . I 'll now have to see if a replacement can be purchased from Swimline.The worst problem , however , is that the sidewalls of the goal , which double as water tanks for weight , do not have any type of reinforcement on the bottoms , which act as the feet for the unit . Because of this , every minor movement of the goal on the non-skid surface of the concrete pool deck has caused the thin plastic feet to wear , such that after only a few weeks they have worn through and no longer hold water . Without water for weight , the goal tips every time it is touched and has become a hazard for the kids to use.I would not recommend this product unless or until the manufacturer does something to reinforce the bottoms of the sidewalls.Oh , and one last irritation with this product is that the sealed Swimline box , as received from Amazon , was missing the mounting hardware for the basketball hoop , which cost me another $ 6 at the local hardware store .
 i just got my new power auger it 's not as described with 3 horse power head.all i got was the auger bit .
 Above are the words concerning how effective these will be as protection from shooting hazards
 I usually do n't complain about products , but I had to write a review . Seeing how positive all the reviews are , I decided to give it a try , order it sight unseen . I suppose my expectations were n't that high given its price , but I ca n't justify spending any money on something that 's this bad . Essentially , it looks and feels like a $ 1 shade that you 'd get from a gas station or something . I mean , come on people , how could you even consider 5 start for this ? The edges are all very rough , and I ca n't even call those `` lens '' . It really feels like it 's made from recycled plastic bottles at home ! Anyway , I hope this review will either encourage Radians to improve their product quality & design , or have potential customers from buying altogether . FYI , when I got curious and did some research on the company , it looks as though it 's a generic OEM that markets under different brands . Again , I 'm surprised other brands decided to associate with this manufacturer .
 Unfortunately , I did not receive the item I ordered but a replacement . When I called , I was told I would receive a call regarding why I did not receive what I ordered . Never received the call and it was too close to Christmas to really pursue any further . Was disappointed but the replacement made my grandson happy and that 's what counts . However , am very reluctant to buy again unless I can be assured that `` what I order is what I get '' .
 My son is eight and he uses a youth size ball and this hoop already has had the backboard replaced once due to it being so thin and cracking and guess what ... the second onecracked now too ! Just from him shooting within 20 ft ! I cant stress how much of a cheap basketball goal this is ! In three months this this thing is ready for curbside pickup ... dont waste your money !
 I thought this would be a stronger hoop than the fisher price ones , but I was wrong . The backboard is made of really thin cheap plastic that cracks very easily . The pump to blow up the basketball is also cheaply made and broke after a couple of uses . The small basketball that came with this set also needed air every day . I purchased this for my 3 year old and it only lasted one month .
 My 4 year old son got this as a Christmas present from his Aunt . Three months later during a mild storm the backboard completely broke off . The company would not replace the backboard because it was due to an `` act of nature '' ... Not many other ways for an outside basketball hoop to be harmed , is there ? My son is heartbroken ! Do n't waste your time or money on this product !
 This was easily put together . But , it 's not as sturdy as it looks . The pole came out of the base after having it only a few months . I would have expected something a little less disapointing for our young boys to shoot hoops in the driveway . I expected it to be a bit taller too . -LRB- But I 'm a girl , so I was n't as accurate as a typical guy might have been with the measurements . -RRB-
 Fell over during first wind , and backboard cracked off pole . My 4 y/o son is still happy to use it without a backboard , but makes his success much less , without using a backboard . I have been searching EVERYWHERE for a replacement board , but almost all of them are just as expensive as the original system : -LRB-
 This product was opened by us on Christmas Eve after our children fell asleep . It was supposed to be set up on display Christmas morning . When noticed the box had clearly been re-taped & patched . Inside , the backboard was shattered in pieces . What a mess ! We were so disappointed . We 'll be mailing it back today , but what a huge hassle . = -LRB-
 i just got my new power auger it 's not as described with 3 horse power head.all i got was the auger bit .
 I do not like these , because they are so small fo the price I had to pay for them . I am sending the one I got back and I want the full price I paid for them to be return to me .
 Did n't work that well . Try out the Spit -LRB- real product name -RRB- as I thought it worked better , however you need a sink . With the clothes , you can carry it anywhere and apply . They are better than nothing , but not as good as Spit .
 Two horseshoes broke the first day they were used . Poor quality of forging . Would not recommend .
 2 of these horseshoes broke upon impacting each other in the pit the first summer I used them . Do n't buy em even for a good price .
 We bought this product because it had good ratings on all the websites we checked . It installed easily and held more than enough for our 1,400 mile trip . However , on the second day of the trip the car top carrier began to shred . It had to be held together with duct tape in order to make the last leg of our 1,400 mile trip . We returned it and got a full refund .
 We packed the soft carrier pretty full but the contents shifted back a little once underway . We could see it through the moonroof andthe carrier seemed to be slipping backwards . We have an SUV with top rails but not cross rails . When we arrived we discovered that the top tore in several places on the backside of the load . Not near any straps so it must have been the wind force . It was worrysome on the road to wonder about it . May not use it again . Would not recommend unless you have crossrails on your car and use bungee cords too .
 We were excited about this item , but sorely disappointed ! Right after receiving it we put it on our car , got ready to head to Yellowstone , lightly tugged on the strap to slide it so that it was centered on the roof -LRB- and I do need to mention that it was not fully packed or even strapped down yet -RRB- , when the stitching came undone and the plastic ring , meant to hold all the weight and force of holding it on the roof , fell off . There was no way to attach it after that . If the strap could n't handle such a small tug , there was no way it would have be able to handle a stronger tug to make sure it was tight enough to stay on the roof !
 It was too hard to pack either on top of the car or packing things in it beforehand and THEN trying to hoist it on top of the car . Strapping it tightly was also difficult . I would NOT buy this product again .
 I had this item -LRB- branded as Wrench Force , but identical -RRB- . The plastic disintegrated after one use , holding the chain while the bike was being transported for a few days . It seemed to be from the chain lube attacking the plastic . Not recommended .
 What I do n't like about this unit is that it attaches to the right dropout only and hence is not very secure . This might be ok for metal bike frames , but risky for carbon fiber - it not only puts more stress on the right dropout , but an accidental bump can damage the rear right triangle . . A better solution would be to include a skewer that clamps to both dropouts just like a wheel . The Nashbar Chain Master works this way , costs about the same and works with 130/135/160mm spacing . For an even better -LRB- albeit pricy -RRB- product look into the BBB BTL-50 Chain Grip -LRB- 130mm -RRB- for road bikes and BTL-51 Chain Grip -LRB- 135mm -RRB- for mountain bikes .
 As a dedicated bike commuter , I need and use a lot of lights . This one seemed like a great deal -LRB- and it 's a Planet Bike , which are usually well thought out products -RRB- , but it turned out not to be so . It does n't seal at all , it has holes in the casing , and any moisture at all causes it to either A -RRB- stay on permanently , B -RRB- run down the batteries , C -RRB- completely disable the switch . I got about one year out of it before the rains destroyed it .
 I had problems with this light not staying in the mount . Finally it came apart while riding at 25mph scattering parts and batteries to unknown locations . I did n't hit a bump or anything , the case just opened up and sent parts in various directions . It wo n't work well for lighting your route , but as a flashing light pointed at oncoming traffic it gets attention . It is cheap for a reason !
 I received this light last Wednesday , rode home from work that night , and while riding back to work the next morning -LRB- after about 10 miles and less than a day of life -RRB- the light joined the ranks of the other suicide jumpers people have apparently encountered with this model , popping off the bracket while riding probably 12mph down a smooth road . Slightly frustrating.The design overall is also far inferior to that of the 3LED Beamer , which I 'd had previously but was stolen . The Beamer is most definitely worth the bit of extra money .
 I got myself a pretty new bike , so I wanted a pretty new headlight . This fit my fancy . However , after a short time of riding the light popped off its mount . I thought I might have put it on incorrectly , so I carefully returned the light to its mount . However , on my usual commute the light came flying off and fell to the ground in many pieces . I have n't gotten more than about 50 miles on this bike with the light in place . Since a light that wo n't stay on the handlebars is worthless , I 'm giving this product the lowest rating . Now I need to shop for a new light , or maybe just put back the old 2-C battery light from my old bike that stayed in place for thousands of miles .
 Sadly , this neat little light is very sensitive to moisture . Like other reviewers have said , any moisture at all causes the light to either turn on and stay on or it kills the switch entirely so it wo n't turn on . I bought two initially , one failed quickly and the manufacturer replaced it . But , the replacement died too . And then 3rd one died .
 I agree with previous reviewers that this light does n't mount securely . I was riding my bike around 15mph when I hit a bump and it fell off and got smashed . The light actually fell off several times before that even during slow city riding.Also , the light itself is too dim even for commuter riding . The light cast by this has a very narrow range . Any time of night riding outside of well lit city streets is not possible , and even in city streets the light source is relatively dim so you 'll be overshadowed by all the surrounding light . There are some much better lights for just a tad extra $ .
 i bought this light mainly for a friend , and i 'm not sure if it 's my fault for lack of reading ... but i expected something different . Mainly it had to do with the battery . I thought it would hold a regular size battery but it does n't . So now i hope the battery has a decent life span as i do n't even know where to find it , seems like it requires special ordering via the internet
 I bought theses binoculars as work equipment . Their construction is tough as nails but they suffer greatly from internal reflections . Not recomended for low light or night use ! -LRB- no 30mm objective will perform well in dim light -RRB- Best description would be STEINER LITE . Not up to the standards of the rest of the Steiner line .
 I was very disapppointed by the poor quality optics of these binoculars . Steiner has a supberb reputation but eidently they are producing a low quality product at this level to get to a low price point . Typically steiner sells at twice this price so the old adage `` you get what you pay for '' is true in this case . The optics on the Bushnell or Nikkon at half the price are as good or better . Do n't be fooled by the Steiner name on this model .
 first of all , my 3 y.o. son does not like to ride this bike for some reason . secondly , it was hard to put together , and the big orange foot rests -LRB- is that what it is ? - the part the extends from one back wheel to the other back wheel -RRB- cracked when we tried to put the screw in . the crack is so big that the screw head goes right through it.since i was in the middle of a move when the bike was delivered , i did not bother making any calls or writing any emails to get the part replaced . i will wind up putting it out at the curb.i would not recommend this bike . the construction is poor .
 I liked the cushioning these mats provided , but , we used them for working out on our rugs and they moved around a LOT . Probably would n't buy again unless I am using it on a different surface .
 The pic & title do n't match.Is this a gasket or a plate assembly ?
 I bought this stove a few months ago and finally got around to using it last month in my backyard before a hiking trip . I experienced a catastrophic fuel leak coming from where the fuel line connected to the stove at the valve . I pumped it up , walked away for a few minutes to take answer a call , this was at night by the way , and I lit up the stove to prime , flash ! A bigass a flame came off the ground from where there was a giant fuel puddle . Of course , I did n't notice this and I knelt down inside it . I 'm OK , but it gave me a huge fright , I was next to the garden hose so I sprayed myself off when my pants caught on fire.Be wary of fuel leaks for whoever is using this or any other liquid fuel stoves . I have n't touched it since . The whole experience pissed me off to high hell and left a bad taste in my mouth .
 I got this stove today . It was difficult to light with gasoline , but I finally did light it.Unfortunately the pump handle began to leak gasoline , and failed to pump gas after the very first use!A piece of the pump had fallen of into the gas can!As a small pool of gas formed inches from the open flame , next to the metal can of gas , I consider myself lucky to be alive and uninjured.This product is a death machine that should be recalled before it kills , if it has n't already .
 I really like the concept of this stove . It uses the same jet for both liquid and gas fuel . The body rotates around the burner changing the airhole size for gas or liquid fuel . The stove itself -LRB- not the pump -RRB- is heavy duty . It is simple and easily disassembled for cleaning and maintenence . I am uncertain if Brunton will sell or provide specifications to get replacement o-rings . Some of the specs are on the instructions , but not for the parts missing from the instructions.As others have said before the pump is junk . The pump foot valve retention plug broke before I could get it wet with fuel . I called Brunton and they said this stove is discontinued and they could not get parts for the stove or pump . The pump for the Primus Omnifuel will work -LRB- better -RRB- as a replacement . Too bad the stove concept is great , but is useless if you ca n't get replacement parts if you need them . The fuel bottle and cap are not very good either . The valve / connector for gas does not like Coleman brand butane mix canisters . Optimus canisters work great . The instruction manual is somewhat lacking . The exploded view of the stove and pump is clearly missing the foot valve , foot valve o-ring , retaining plug , retaining plug o-ring , and spring . The maintenance multi-tool has two hex sizes on it that are not on the stove . The swivel holder hex head is not on the multi-tool . After some testing against a butane mix backpacking stove rated at 10,000 btu I have determined the stove does not operate as listed by the manufacturer . I do n't know if the one I received is defective , but it took 7-10 + min to boil 25 oz water in a Trek 900 pot . My small backpacking stove took 4-7 min . I tested multiple times using several butane mix canisters of different fullness then switching stoves . I am very disappointed and will be sending it to Optimus / Brunton for replacement.I like the stove , but I can not in good conscience recommend it since it is discontinued and Brunton camping products are being eliminated . It appears to me that development on this product was hastily completed given an inferior pump and mediocre quality control . No need to keep a good name when you are planning on scrapping the entire product line . RIP Brunton RIP ! You 'll have to go with an Optimus Omnifuel and change jets . Do n't loose the tool or drop the jets !!!
 As other reviewers have stated , the pictured rack is not the one I received . The rack I received does not tilt and must be bolted together . The upper portion is attached to the lower portion with four bolts , which I checked before every trip . After less than 10 uses of this rack , two of the bolts sheared off while traveling on the interstate with two adult bikes and two childrens bikes . The rack snapped in half behind our motorhome , leaving us with $ 1,000 worth of destroyed bikes . Buyer beware !!!
 This rack is bike specific ... . You ca n't have a variety of diferent bicycles . Found out After the Purchase and it would have been to costly to return and the MFG offered no help ... . Simple and neat in design . Would I recommend . NO WAY ... . Set up for a old style 10 speed or English Racer ...
 Thought I was ordering Swagman bike rack # 64675 as picture corresponds to . Item was actually # 64400 - not what I wanted . I 'm on vacation and had to 2 day ship item in order to get bikes back home to Indiana from Florida . The problem is that the item received does not tilt forward as the picture shows . Now on my trip home I must take off all 4 bikes AND remove hitch in order to get into my back hatch . I tried to call amazon hoping for a miracle , but no luck . I was told to order another for $ 179.68 and ship for $ 106.54 and I would get a $ 15 credit on my next purchase . Not exactly the miracle I was hoping for . Shame on Amazon for selling an item with the incorrect picture . Shame on me for not reading and knowing all of Swagmans parts #s .
 they claim that it is worth $ 350 . I paid $ 49 on a gold box deal and I still think I paid too much . The chronograph does not line up at zero . It is `` water resistant '' which they define as resistant to a few rain drops only -- you can not even take it into a shower . It looks like a $ 50 watch and I would certainly not recommend paying anymore than that for it .
 This appears to be a very nice watch , however after a few days I noticed the outer rim -LRB- where the numbers appear -RRB- of the face moves . It appears to be loose.Right now the 12 is in the 7 position .
 it is very strong . if you like mono stick with it . no give , tangles are impossible to sort and buries on your spool .
 I put this line on a high-end fresh-water spinning reel , and after several months , used it for the first time . I lost two lures because the line broke while casting , and after the second cast the reel had the worst backlash I have ever experienced . And that was on a spinning reel !
 I was very disappointed in this product . For years I 've been contemplating using this type of line , and was looking forward to casting out and not seeing twirly string floating on the water . I loaded my Zebco 33 with 10 pound test and went out for cats . On the first cast , I went out about 10 feet before it snagged in the reel . I spent several minutes casting , pulling several armlengths of string out of my reel , reeling up and repeating until I could cast about 40 yards without hanging up . After a successful cast , I let my bait sink to the bottom and caught a catfish about 5 minutes later . Fish landed and bagged , I went to cast out again . This time , the line went out about 4 feet before it snagged . I repeated the process twice before I gave up and packed that rod and reel away . The first chance I get , that reel will be restrung with monofilament and all my Spiderwire Stealth is going straight in the trash !
 i placed my order on jan. 21st . i was notified today feb. 9th . 2012 that opticsale still has not shipped my item . extremely poor customer service . buyer beware . p.s. i sent email today to cancel order .
 The hinge broke on my 2nd outing to the range . I noticed the cap was VERY tight to snap shut and makes me believe that it could have been a defective unit altogether . I have many other items from BC and this is the first to disappoint me .
 I love this same set up on my 3x9 30-06 scope but the size 15 front lense cover spring for my AR-15 scope broke after two weeks . very dissapointing to from good company .
 I have used butler creek flip caps for over 15 years and have never had a complaint until now . In fact mine get quite a bit of use , they dont just sit in the safe.All I was doing was sighting in my new scope that also had my new butler creek flip cap attached ... and the cap broke at the hinge . Like it was brittle . I was absolutely stunned . First time out and it broke . Very surprised .
 While these brushes are built better than the Park Tools ones I had before , you must be very careful with them . The large brush says right on the packaging that it is for wheels and the frame . I happily cleaned my bike with water and Finish Line bike cleaner and it looked great ... until it dried . Then I could see that the `` frame brush '' had left hundreds of little surface scratches in the paint job of my $ 2800 bike . I am very unhappy about this and plan on contacting Pedro 's directly as well . These brushes are fine for cleaning the drive train or wheels , but do n't let even the `` frame brush '' anywhere near the paint on the frame.UPDATE - I contacted Pedro 's directly to let them know what happened with the `` frame brush '' . They indicated they were very surprised and offered to send a different brush and some of their Bike Lust bike polish which they suggested might buff out the scratches . When I got the box they had also sent a bottle of bike cleaner and a 2nd brush . The new brush is much softer -LRB- it 's tampico -RRB- and the polish did seem to eliminate the scratches . I can now only see a few if I look really hard for them .
 I bought these because it 's a great price for a set of brushes . However , after using these brushes 3 times now to clean bikes , I 've realized that the brushes are just too stiff to work properly . The two ` bottle brush ' type brushes and the one that looks like a skinny paint brush are almost useless because of how stiff the bristles are . And the big tire brush I have n't really found a use for . But , the cog brush is great . For it 's purpose the stiff bristles are a plus.If I had it to do over again I would just buy the cog brush for $ 5 since it 's the only one I 'm getting any use out of -LRB- I still use an old tooth brush to clean the chain -RRB- .
 I received four pieces instead of the advertised five pieces -LRB- no brush with metal handle -RRB- . The brushes came in a solid black nylon bag , which is probably better than the pictured mesh bag . I got the brushes primarily to get another Pedro 's toothbrush -LRB- the brush with bristles at both ends -RRB- . This brush is stiff enough to do a good job removing mud and oily gunk from the drivetrain of a bike -LRB- and frame if you do not mind micro scratches -RRB- , and is also good for removing oily sawdust from the drive sprocket area of chainsaws . However , I got the set because I thought some of the other brushes might be similarly stiff and give me more options for removing such materials . That is not the case . The bristles on the other brushes are relatively soft like the bristles of paintbrushes , which are not useful for cleaning a bike , i.e. , too soft for removing mud and oily gunk , and a rag works much better for things the brushes could remove like dust .
 On Oct 12 2012 I order on Amazon advertised tube size 26 x 2.35-2 .75 Extreme 2.25 mm Thick with picture labeled package black , grey and red design -LRB- see my photo upload -RRB- . I received totally different package label Sunlite Bicycle 26 x 2.35-2 .75 Extreme 2.25 mm Thick with yellow black and red design -LRB- which is now current photo on Amazon website -RRB- but tube tire size inside was 26 x 2.4-2 .75 Extreme 2.25 mm Thick received t label package . After complaint to the Niagara Cycle Works which sold me the product first time I was ask for UPC code and order no which I kindly give it to them . Than they told me that order no and UPC code match their &#34; s and it &#34; s correct what was send it to me . I said now matter what they been saying tube inside is different size than I order it and I demand full refund and I want the product returned . Couple days latter I got email with RMO no.I send it back and payed out of my packet shipping which cost me more than tire I order it . Which is total BS !!!! And Amazon said You have to deal with them it is not sold directly thru us . So at end I am the one who was screwed and had to payed twice for shipping . I give this company -5 star !!!!
 I purchased a pair of these and they lasted about 3 weeks . The tubes are very heavy - in my case , they caused my tires to rotate on the rim and valve stems got cut . My bike accelerated noticeably slower and my stopping distance increased significantly . I had much better luck with lighter tubes and liners .
 I ordered two of these items , believing that they were the `` snowboards '' that my grandsons wanted . These so-called `` snowboards '' are little toys that a toddler or small child might enjoy using , but they are not the snowbaords that older children and adults use on the ski/snowboard slopes . Since I was not familiar with snowboards , I did n't realize that real snowboards sell for over $ 100 and more , I mistakingly ordered these toy items . And because I was unable to make the contact within 30 days of purhase to get a refund , I am out a good amount of money now that I apparently ca n't redeem.munn-fess@roadrunner.comParicon Sceptor Snowboard
 Santa brought this for my 7 year old son . We just had our first snow storm of 2012 here in the Northeast , and this snowboard lasted 5 minutes . Literally . That 's it . I was not expecting miracles from this product , but it would have been nice to at least use it once or twice . My advice
 tried out this paricon snowboard today with my 8 year old . it is horrible and impossible to stay on more than a few feet . probably due to the fact that it is flimsy and the foot bindings stick out on the bottom somwhat . trying to return . DO NOT BUY !!
 While price is cheap for a starting snowboard ; you get what you pay for and cheap is not always best for a starting child who does not have the patience for falling . Problem is really one caused by the straps which are exposed on the underside of the board and even when fit into place according to instructions , do not lie completely flat , so the board is not flat on the bottom and the straps catch on the snow causing a difficult run . You would be better off to buy a more expensive board that does n't put you at a disadvantage from the beginning , so your child 's experience is able to build quickly and he/she is not hampered by a less than well designed board as a starter . Given these issues , the board 's Santa brought the kids were returned and fully refunded by Amazon ; Another reason why I 'll be back for other products . Do n't make the same mistake I did . These boards are n't for kids unless they 're Snowboarding on Ice and then you might want the straps to slow you down !
 There was no picture available prior to my purchase . I probably would not have purchased this knowing what the board looked like . It is very thin , and not the standard snow board you find on the slopes .
 My 8 year old bought this with an Amazon gift card she received for Christmas . She was very excited . Unfortunately we had to send it right back because the plastic was so cheap , it was bent -LRB- upon arrival -RRB- - part of the problem was poor packaging . I am so thankful that Amazon has such wonderful customer service and took it back . We purchased a second one for the same price-different brand -LRB- around $ 25 -RRB- from and external vendor on Amazon . It is 100X sturdier , and the bindings look sturdier . Brand name is Emsco . It was worth paying the $ 6 - in shipping for a much better board . Thankfully it came just in time for the fresh snow !
 If I could give this board less than 1 , I would . It 's the day after Christmas . My daughter used it once yesterday for 20 minutes . In the first 10 minutes of using it today , it broke . The plastic around the straps cracked . The hassle of trying to figure out how to return it or who to return it to or finding a receipt for a present I bought 3 months ago just does n't seem worth the hassle . The worst part is the disappointment on her face to have a Christmas present break the day after getting it . I 'm so very upset about this poor product .
 This was a very `` cheap '' snow board . The foot straps had to be fitted to my son but would often fall out of their gaps ... I would not recommend it ...
 I have owned two of these lights . The hinge on the first one broke on me when I was in the Middle of New Mexico , and I thought I did something wrong . I bought the second one the day I got off the trail , and it did not even last a month before the hinge broke . I think the light is a great idea , with its lightweight design and how bright it is , but it does not hold up under normal use
 I 've used this for about a year now . It is my second headlamp , but now I need a third . I got back from camping last weekend and noticed that my headlamp had broken into pieces and is unrepairable . I think I 'm going to buy a Petzl .
 The suunto bike pod is not worth it . The design is horrible and very difficult to attach to the front fork . Plus the quality is not good and the plastic that holds the bike pod in place breaks after 7 months -LRB- both of them -RRB- and you lose your bike pod.Plus the initial setup to get it working with the watch was difficult and counter intuitive , not very easy to set up . But once you get it working the information you get is good.Overall , hard to set up , the bad design makes attaching to the bike even more difficult , some what easy to use once installed , but the quality will only last a couple months . Would skip Suunto and go with an other brand . And the Suunto products are not compatible with the newer Macs .
 This device works as intended but as another user noted - it is not easy to pair . The first time is easy enough - you 've got the bike pod in your hand , a year or so later , when the battery needs to be replaced , the Bike Pod is now zip tied to your bike . Changing the battery and then getting it to pair again is not an easy thing do to . Frankly , I love my Suunto T6 but this device should have had an external `` reset '' pin to allow for easier pairing . For now , I have a useless piece of plastic attached to the fork of my bike ...
 I bought this product in January but did not try to use it right away . I waited until I bought a new bike then began my unsuccessful attempts to use this product . If you buy this product , be aware it is tricky to pair . I followed the instructions , but never saw the `` paired '' message that indicated it was successful . After several attempts to contact their `` 24hr '' service phone -LRB- which is NOT open after 5pm EST Friday until Monday -RRB- , I talked to someone there who told me it was seemingly paired because I was able to get the Speed/Distance mode on my T3 to display . I thought Great ! but when I went to try to test it out , it does not actually read any speed/distance data . So it was back to the phones -LRB- after waiting * another * weekend -RRB- . This time it there were no answers and I was told I had to go online and create a service request -LRB- and register the product for warranty -RRB- . So I am attempting to do so , but the product warranty registration requires a serial number which is not labeled on the product -LRB- though I have tried some 20 odd combinations of the numbers/letters that are printed on the POD , all unsuccessfully -RRB- . So I am going to have to try to call again . I wo n't even mention the `` ask a question '' I filled out some 3 weeks ago on their website which has not been responded to . I 'll update this review if I * ever * get a working product .
 The four pound weight is too light . When the weight is lowered below 20 feet and you troll at 2 knots , the weight does not go straight down but at a 20 to 30 degree angle . You will not know how deep you really are . I am replacing it with an 8 pound weight .
 These wheels and brackets are sturdy and all , but the instructions call for six washers and two axle nuts THAT ARE NOT PROVIDED . Perhaps Pyramid assumes that I have those pieces -LRB- in the right size -RRB- on hand in my toolbox . Well , I do n't . They should at least inform what size components are required if not provided .
 Not good product . My daughter ride her bicycle two or three times and one weal became very curved , rubber slip away , outer weal fastening -LRB- screw -RRB- got lost.Metal by itself is pretty firm , not curved even a bit . That 's good but first negative fact eliminates this positive one .
 Do yourself a favor and buy this locally . The entire bottle of lube had leaked out into the package before it got here . It 's not worth $ 20 for a cheap sponge/stick .
 I have a very nice treadmill and I have to keep it lubed - I got a lube the belt message and went to dicks - they suggested this product -- first it is very messy half spilled all over the place -- My 16 year old and I coudld n't get the tread mill to get rid of message I have a horizon t 500 -- my husband played with it and had the message go away and it seemed like it was ok everything seemed ok it worked for a couple of weeks and now treadmill is not working -- I am ordering horizons kt much cheaper -- this thing seemed like it got oil every where but where you wanted it --
 Probably the worst purchase I 've ever made since I 've been an Amazon customer and that 's saying a lot since I make a lot of purchases . Maybe worth $ 5.00 or LESS but certainly not the $ 13.00 I paid for it . A kid could make this in an elementary school art class .
 I have a Sole F 83 treadmill . I am glad to see someone actually found out this is a vegetable oil based product and not silicone . I have never seen their label state what it is . Stay away from this unless you just want the applicator wand which is very helpful . I 'm not sure why Sole recommends this product . Their own lube product is silicone based !
 This is a case where you get what you pay for . These are cheap and disinigrate very quickly . Bad purchase .
 It 's a nice concept but it does n't work like the picture shows . It does n't stay on at all !
 My wife bought this to use while trail running and for races since she hates having to mess with the crowds , etc. at water stations . She 5 ' 6 '' and 130 lbs and on every run over 10 miles , the Alterra has literally rubbed the skin on her hips off leaving her a bloody mess after her run . The reason I say that it wo n't work for a female -LRB- unless you are a female with no hips or butt -RRB- is that it continually rides up and bounces around , no matter what adjustments you make . It is perfect for biking and hiking , but do n't even think about using it if you plan on running comfortably !
 I bought this pack so I could run for longer periods of time without getting dehydrated , but the first time I tried my Alterra I was really disappointed . One of the zipper cords broke the first time I opened one of the pockets , and then when I went for my run I had to continually tighten the waist strap . The Alterra also bounced around a lot and was uncomfortable , and it kept hiking up my shirt . So while the Alterra does a poor job for running , it does work fine for bike riding and hiking - although I probably opt for one of the Camelbak backpacks , then .
 I bought two of these last year when I started trail racing . From the beginning the seal leaked . I was also never able to completely get it filled with water , which was slightly annoying . It is very hard to clean , as the reservoir does now come off of the pack . The worst part is the seal leak , though . As I run , I can feel drops of water on my legs , which is extremely annoying and distracting . I would not suggest this pack . I recently bought a Catalyst and am much MUCH happier .
 Started leaking from the fill cap -LRB- closed as tight as possible -RRB- on my second run . Leaking as in most of the pack that holds the bladder , as well as my lower back , was soaked in less than 10 minutes of running . Afterwards I emptied it , let the entire pack dry out , -LRB- the next day -RRB- filled it again , and hung it over the shower rod in my bathroom . After a few minutes the area around the cap was soaked . After a few more the entire bag was soaked and dripping water into the tub . I see that at least one other person reports a similar problem with this model . Sent it back to amazon for a refund . Very disappointing as this would have been an excellent hydration pack . Would be great for running , given the various storage pockets , clips , compression straps and the volume of water that it can carry comfortably - WHEN IT 'S NOT LEAKING ! But it leaks ... and so it looses . ; - -RRB-
 I played intramural wallyball in college -LRB- 3 + yrs -RRB- and now I have been at it again for 3 months , 1 hour a week . Cheap balls start to lose their shape with agressive play . This is a cheap ball . It will hold up for a little bit , but if you want to get consistent play from a wallyball , pony up a few more dollars for a better ball , otherwise you will be shopping for a another one soon .
 I bought several of these balls and not one of them lasted more than a month or two . These balls get used twice a week for about two hours per session . Within a very short time the balls start to develop lumps on the surface . If you are looking for a ball with any longevity - this is not it .
 We play every week and play hard , but this ball did n't last 6 months . Starts out fine , but the surface loses the grip after a while . Also , one brand new ball had a leak straight out of the box . Some start to crack on the surface , but they are rec center balls , and I do n't know how they are treated.Tried the green and orange ball sold elsewhere . The green part has great traction , but the orange is slick . I do n't recommend that ball either .
 I have used two versions of the product , 6 and 7 , on both with different PC 's and Operating Systems my database which contains all of my inputted information became corrupted . After contacting tech support and forwarding them my database file he replied back within 30 minutes I would have to re-enter my entire collection and start over for the third time . With thousands of cards to enter you can imagine my frustration . Needless to say I can not recommend this product . ...
 This product is not made by Easton and is not a Lumenok product . Very deceiving and overpriced . I would not recommend this product
 I purchased this bike basket not realizing it did n't screw on . I thought I would have to somehow mount it when i first go it , but it just hangs from the handlebars . One day with nothing in it , it flew off into the middle of the street as i hit a bump ! Normally if i carry stuff in it , it adds weight so it does n't usually fall off . Another thing , since it just hooks on , anyone can steel it when I lock it - I sorta wish someone would steal it so i can buy a new one -LRB- one that needs to be mounted -RRB- . Its not really level either , AND it covers up my front reflector - so it makes my bike unsafe . I have been looking for a reflector that can be put onto the front of the basket , but I may just invest in a new basket all together . I should have returned it , but now i dropped my bike and there is a dent in it .
 Basket arrived alright , but to my dismay it would n't fit my bike -LRB- Schwinn Suburban comfort bike -RRB- . I managed to do it by bending the back of the basket in the middle a little , but still it is very uncomfortable putting it on with the brake and speed-shift wires getting in the way , not to mention the front reflector , which you have to either remove or shift to the side.Very impractical , I would n't buy one like it ever again .
 If you have a cheap big box store bike , this is the basket for you . If you take care of your bicycle , or your prized possession is made of aluminum , I urge you to look at my photos . Any bracket that rest on the head tube is trouble because the handlebar rotates independently of the stationary head tube causing friction and the resulting gouge as shown in my photo . I had this bracket on my Kona less than 30 days before I saw what damage it did . I contacted the company that imports them with no success .
 My handlebars are bent forward , and the hand brakes get in the way of the basket . It simply does not fit on my bike . The quality seems decent , though it could be designed better.Unfortunately have to send this back -LRB- seller
 The basket in general is good but the hooks for the basket to rest on the bike are small . I ca n't even hook on the basket to the bike because I forgot that the break wires run in front of the bike , where the handles are located . So keep in mind where the break wires are located on your bike .
 As soon as I opened them I was disappointed . I thought they looked and felt cheap . The color was also blue instead of black and the edges were almost rough , as if unpolished . The only good thing about these are that they are light . You can find MUCH better sunglasses on Amazon for the money .
 In case anyone else was wondering about the weight limit for this bench . From the Body Champ company ... Please do not exceed the following weight limits : - Weight Bench Uprights
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 I got these to replace my bands for the Billy Blanks workout since he no longer sells them and the biggest loser ones are too easy . I HATE these , however-they are cumbersome , wo n't stay on your feet since the foot straps are not adjustable , and the thing that joins them in the middle inhibits your movements to the point where it messes with the flow of the workout.I 'm going to try to break off the plastic thing in the middle and will cut and re-sew the foot straps to make them smaller to see if I can make them serviceable . If that does n't work , I 'll probably just toss them . Waste of money !
 I used mine for 3 weeks , and both the feet and hand grips broke from the cloth material . Very poorly made .
 I had these bands for a month , using them with the Billy Blanks workout videos 3-4 times a week . The band broke away from the handle , poorly constructed . The foot straps were something I could have lived with but were a pain to get over my shoes . They could use some sort of adjustment for size .
 I used these bands maybe a half dozen times before they completely fell apart . The band came out od the fabric foot straps . the straps would not stay on my shoes since they do not adjust . I spent more time trying to keep the staps on my shoes then concentrating on my work-out . The DVD that came with the bands was so cheap it would not play correctly . This is a horrible product and reebok should be ashamed . So tired of purchasing products made overseas with big name brands that do not hold-up . Reebok Resistance 360 Trainer with DVD
 These bands are effective to use with the Reebok workout and also for Billy Blank 's DVD 's . They are effective ... for about about TWO WEEKS and then ... SNAP ! I paid $ 19.99 for my bands and I 'm going to return them today ! While doing some bicep work and pulling the bands above my head , the band snapped from the handle . I now have a large red welt on my upper back!I do not recommend these bands to anyone ! Save your money , or at the very least , save your receipt !
 I would not recommend this . I probably will not buy a Suunto ever again . I do n't like the fact that many people had problems with this -LRB- Google `` Suunto connection failure '' -RRB- and Suunto did not fix it , they just kind of discontinued it . My complaint is that one never knows if it will connect or not . This makes analyzing your training logs darn near impossible . They should sell this as a phone technician training device in order to troubleshoot serial connection problems . -LRB- I have 30 years in the computer troubleshooting field -RRB- . To be honest I think the problem is in the either the watch or it 's just buggy software -LRB- Training Manager Lite -RRB- . Do n't buy this , return your Suunto watch and shop for something different .
 I own the Suunto T3c monitor and after a few weeks of keeping track of workouts in an Excel spreadsheet I decided to buy the PC Pod thinking that it would be both easier and more informative . In brief the $ 98 I spent on the PC Pod is proving to be quite a waste.First off , the Training Manager Lite software the comes with the PC Pod is terrible . It is barely more informative than my spreadsheet.The real problem however with the unit and software is that it does n't work reliably.Only a few weeks after buying the PC Pod the software stopped being able to communicate with the USB device and my T3c . I uninstalled the software and reinstalled it a few times . Two days after it stopped working it started working again magically.Flash forward a few more weeks to Tuesday and the software and USB device decide to stop working again . Why ? Who knows because you ca n't find any answers to the problems in the software help or on Suunto 's web site -LRB- the link in the software to the Internet FAQ is broken -RRB- . In brief , if you can get the PC Pod to work it will provide you with a sub par logging functionality . Do your research though and you will discover a lot of people face the same connection problems -LRB- and others -RRB- with the PC Pod.If you have n't already bought one of the Suunto devices that uses the PC Pod do yourself a favor and look at one of the other manufacturers.Update
 The watch -LRB- T3 -RRB- and the run pod work great . The movestick works about 33 % of the time . I have reloaded the software at least 5 times . After each reload it will usually work for one more download and then stop . Sometimes the transfer times out and sometimes it can not recognize the pc connection . It is extremely frustrating and as someone else noted there is no one that can or will help fix it . I thought I might just have a defective movestick until I started googling the device and reading that about half the people that buy this ultimately have issues -LRB- mine did work without a flaw for the first 2 months -RRB- . I have used it since late August 2010 and the problems really started in Nov. . When it works - it is really cool - BUT - it is so frustrating the majority of the time that I will likely soon give up . It was a birthday present from my husband and he has finally just told me to go buy a new system so that I will stop trying to fix this one all the time .
 Paid about $ 80 for this and waited for a long time until it arrived . It is so darn tiny and I wonder why it costs so much.It almost never syncs up properly and all of this is done for . . get this to upload your data online . I had imagined that there would be some way to put this in excel , which I 'm told by Suunto , that this is coming . When exactly Suunto?I had to reinstall this several times as the connections do n't work . It seems like a basic error on Suunto 's part and we are taking the brunt for this.When the excel functionality finally comes out , that would be worthwhile but otherwise I am not impressed and Suunto 's support , when they can understand English , is minimal.I really like Suunto products but this one is horrible . The owner 's manual is so unhelpful . Please anyone tell me if you had trouble trying to reinstall if you did . To find the software , you have to go through this maze online and it is very UNCLEAR . The only guidance you get from the manual is a picture of this inflated head of a person that resembles some sort of Yeti.Ikea 's instructions are more clear than this .
 There is simply no excuse for an eighty dollar USB stick.Less-than-glowing reviews for a tiny single-function receiver ? Zero Mac support?This silly little stick stands in the way of me ever owning any Suunto watch.Garmin gives them away free in every Forerunner box . You 're all savvy online shoppers , quit getting ripped off .
 As many others have noted here and elsewhere , the PC Pod is a great idea and functional failure on two fronts . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the accompanying software is hardly useful and a simple spreadsheet works much beter , -LRB- 2 -RRB- the `` communication failures '' mentioned elsewhere are real and they render the $ 100 purchase worthless . Save your sheckles . It 's a shame , really , because the T3 , the HRM and the Foot Pod are all fantastic . The PC Pod was a purchase too far ... Oh , and if you do n't return it in 30 days -LRB- because it does sporadically work -RRB- , Amazon will ding you for 15-50 % of the purchase price as well as shipping costs and , horror of horrors , you will have to write your own packing label . So punitive ...
 I am a bike mechanic and I purchased this chain breaker because it looked and sounded good . It seemed like a good deal , but it is decieving . After a few weeks , the handle to stabilize it broke off , being completely gel , and not even solid to allow for storing the extra pins -LRB- great job , designers ! -RRB- . So , I still used it until my second pin broke and was left jammed inside it . I would recommend looking for a sturdier design meant to last.JoshThe Bike DoctorJosh 's Bicycle Service
 I did get a Boston Bruins plate frame , but it has a tiny bruin logo in the bottom middle portion . I was disappointed , but it was a gift and I would not have had time to return etc. .
 Our bucket did arrive with the bail -LRB- i.e. handle -RRB- , but the handle is not attached upon arrival and requires modification to stay securely in the holes on the bucket . We have had this bucket for less than a week and already it is chipped twice . The enamel is poor quality , I would not purchase this bucket if you need a bucket for any substantive -LRB- rather than aesthetic -RRB- purpose .
 What a disappointment ! This is a beautiful bucket with NO BAIL ! I mean , I know these things can come undone , but what sort of business ships things out in such a manner ??? This is ridiculous and unacceptable !
 My father bought me a cap as a gift . He ordered a size 63/4 . They sent me a size 6 . I called them and they issued a return shipping label . Once they received the item , they issued me a `` full '' refund . This full refund equaled less than half of the price it was going to cost me to get a new one , since they would n't simply exchange the item due to their error . After spending over an hour on the phone being transferred between departments , I finally was able to get more of a credit added to my account . In the end , I had to pay an extra $ 2.22 out of my pocket in order to get a new cap . The customer service representative said that the cost of shipping had increased due to the holidays . I really do n't care why costs have gone up . They made a mistake and I literally had to pay because of it . Had either my father , or myself , made the mistake , I would have gladly paid to correct it . I should not have had to pay any additional fee to correct their mistake . The only reason I did , was that I wanted my present from my father .
 My son ordered a hat and when he tried it on it did not fit . They would not accept a return . So much for good customer service !! I would n't buy from these folks unless you are absolutely sure the cap will fit . By the way , my son has a similar cap that fits him fine and that 's what he went by when ordering a new one . Evidently , `` authentic '' does n't work when it comes to cap sizes .
 As a yankee fan , I have to admit that my purchase was based on loyalty to my team alone . Sadly my reward for such admiration turned out to be a bitter disappointment given the fact that this item hardly resembles what you see on your PC -LRB- it 's almost half the size of a real potato head figure -RRB- . So yankee fans out there , stay away from this item no matter how hardcore followers you are and save your money for some real yankee stuff .
 How did Suunto dare to seel this product ? I just lost all respect for the brand . It just does n't work underwater , it fails to turn off automatically , it just keeps on working for hours , draining the battery . I was thinking on purchasing dive equipment , but now I 'm definitely going to look for another brand , this one is no guarantee for quality .
 The brakes themselves are O.K. , but , the adjustment screws and the cable clamp parts are not the best . I would n't get them again .
 Be aware that this tool will only fit one size of crank bolt threading , I believe M15 . There are other bottom brackets that this tool will not fit and will be completely useless . The product description should at least specify the threading size .
 These mounts are a great design . My only issue is that the screws provided where two different lengths . I measured the thread depth on the rifle -LRB- 4 locations -RRB- and they are identical . if I were to use the short screws provided , I would of allowed one of the two bases to be fastened with at most three threads while the longer screws give 5-6 threads . Not a big deal , cost me 1 dollar at the local gunsmith ...
 This is a good running trolling motor , pushes a 151/2 foot fishing boat with three guys loaded with gear at a good rate . The only issue is pulling it from the water , there is no rip cord and it is an absolute pain to hoist it back inside the boat . Deploying it is even worse ! If you have a bad back or shoulders I wouldnt reccomend this product
 Unless you are smaller than Jeff Gordon himself , this seat is not for you . The back will not support anyone larger than 150 pounds -- it completely collapses , rendering the seat useless . Also , there 's not much of a pocket . I received it on a Friday and sold it to a child for $ 6 at a yard sale the next day -LRB- after it failed on six adults -RRB- .
 It is very floppy and the back has no support . It is OK for just a cushion . I cut it apart and now have 2 cushions .
 had to return it because only i could ride it , all other family members -LRB- under 5ft -RRB- could not use it.also the pedals and seat positions are uncomfortable for scooter.and the product is not as finely finished in terms of parts , etc. as say the razor scooters
 Neat idea but needs work to make it safe . I bought this thinking my grandson might ride it and me also . It is too big for an 8 year old and the brakes do n't stopit . I even took it to a bike shop and still no brakes . Might be ok for a scooter but not a bike . Too dangerous .
 First of all , the brakes are not what you would rely on to stop the scooter . Second , the scooter is heavy and cumbersome . Thirdly , the scooter came with DEFECTIVE PARTS . I 'm an engineer and I could not get the handlebars to fit the wheel . It was a wash out . I think that parts from other stuff were packed together . LASTLY , the instruction manual is so poorly designed as to illustrate nothing . You must look at what they have sent you and figure where what goes with what.Amen .
 I bought two of these for my kids for Xmas , both were poorly boxed and had marks or scratches on them ! These scooters are clearly cheap and not a quality product ! I also sent several emails to the manufacturer with my concerns with no response so that says alot . You get what you pay for these day 's I guess ??
 My son is 13 and about 125 lbs . The scooter sounded like a great way to move him up from the little Razors which are rated for lighter kids and often do n't endure his crazy tricks and ideas . This scooter is of good quality although it was a little challenging to put together . There are three main problems :1 -RRB- The inflatable tires do n't have a firm enough ride to allow for tricks . They absorb the road , but also the ability to get a smooth ride . I did try inflating them more , but it had no affect on the ride .2 -RRB- The clearance on the road with the tires is such that the middle of the scooter can get caught on uneven surfaces . You know the phenomena of something suspended in the middle when trying to cross train tracks . The clearance is so low that it gets suspended on a my paved driveway where a root has caused a slight incline .3 -RRB- The scooter works best at a bike , but it is not possible to get any speed . The scooter qualities are lost with the other two issues.My son was psyched about ordering it for his birthday , but after two days of experimenting with it has parked it back in the garage . The issue was definitely my expectation of it being more of a scooter that could be used for jumping , twisting , and riding like smaller scooters . The product itself was very nice .
 This looks so fun and a bit odd , I just had to buy it for my 7yr old 's B-day . The sad thing is , it is so heavy that he can not ride it . It also is quite dangerous when going down even the slightest of inclines because it picks up speed so fast . For an adult , this is a fine product . The neck of the bike is very difficult to put together , and adusting the brakes is a daily thing . As far as for children I would not buy or recommend this product to anyone under 15 . The seat does not lower even far enough for me at 5 ` tall -LRB- short -RRB- I have to lean so far forward to grab the handlebars that my balance is thrown way off.It is an interesting product , a real eyecatcher on the streets , but beware of all of the `` issues '' for children . I would not recommend this product to anyone that is not a dare devil and in perfect fitness , it takes a lot to pedal this bike .
 I purchased this as a gift for my nephew for Christmas . The rim was broken when removed from the box . I contacted Amazon and the immediately replaced it . However instead of replacing the rim they have to send the entire game and likewise you have to return a whole unit . Not a problem right ? ... until less than a week later the new rim seperates due to poor welding !
 THIS IS NOT THE SWORD PICTUREDIt is NOT the gold versionThis is being offered by CutleryUSA , Bud K is the parent company and even though they have been made aware of the situation , they have not changed the photograph.I have had many dealings with Bud K in the past and I have NEVER had a problem with any of their orders or merchandise being misrepresented.This and another item they have for sale here are the rare exceptions . Beware , the gold edition is limited to 300 numbered pieces . This is NOT the gold edition , according to my recent conversation with customer support at Bud K.The other Item is a Kit Rae Sword with a damascus blade . It is called Anathos and the picture does n't match either . I got two different replys on this one so no telling what it really is .
 Poorly constructed . The wing nuts do not line up to secure the bottom tubes , making the Push-Up-Bars wobbly . Find an alternative !
 I must admit I was surprised when I received this cover . The package for this is about 1 '' thick and it weighs about a pound . The vinyl is extremely thin and actually tore as I was putting it on . The vinyl is very cheap and you can practically see right through it . I previously had a similar cover and it was thick , lined , padded , etc. . This is a single thin sheet of vinyl like a cheap outdoor tablecloth .
 THE SEAT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE . IF YOU 'RE SHORTER THAN 5 ' 8 '' DO N'T BUY IT . THE SEAT DOES NOT COME LOW ENOUGH . IN LESS THAN TWO MONTHS THE THREADS ON SOME OF THE NUTS AND BOLTS WORE OFF , IT FELL APART AND I COULD N'T PUT IT BACK TOGETHER . IT IS BUILT WITH THE WORST POSSIBLE METALS AND MATERIALS . EVERY TIME I GO ABOVE 20MPH , IT COMES APART.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THAT PIECE OF CRAP !
 I bought this bike new and the resistence strap wore out within 3-4 monthes . I contacted their website -- fruitless -- and when I called the company they said the part was not in stock and would not be available for WEEKS . If you are serious about a long term exercise regimen this is not the bike for you .
 There is absolutely no way to increase the friction/resistance . It pedals easily all the time ... no workout value . Save your money .
 I put this bike together thinking it would be like the last one I bought years ago . I started peddling and found it had absoluely NO resistance ! It was a waste of money and time ! NOT RECOMMENDED !!!!!!!
 First off , avoid this bike . I got it in May and it started falling apart by mid-June . By July I had one of the handle bars taped in place and unusable -LRB- disconnected from the pedal -RRB- after the bearings wore out and literally exploded into pieces all over the floor . The next week , the bearings on the left side exploded and the pedal began spraying metal shavings from inside the pedal to gear bar where the threads were getting bore down and sheered out.Even if the bike stayed in one piece , you 'd require a giant bubble butt to tolerate sitting on the hard as metal seat for more than 30 minutes at a time . I continually had to stand up and take breaks to let my rear recover from the horribly hard seat during 60 minute daily `` rides '' . You get what you pay for . And while the Excel 286a is n't the cheapest exercise bike to buy , it 's certainly built with the cheapest parts and metals . Avoid this bike . Save up for a better one . Go outside and run . Do anything besides waste money on this bike since you 'll have to buy another within 3 to 4 months .
 It 's an ok exercise bike for the price.I do n't go over 20mph because of the reviews I 've read , and there have been several , on what happens to the bike over 20mph . It has n't fallen apart on me yet . I use it for 15 - 20 minutes 3x a day.I 'm short so the seat is too high and I have to ` tip toe ' on the pedals . This I do n't mind , but what I hate about the bike is that the seat is unbelievably uncomfortable , EXTREMELY uncomfortable and for this reason I would n't recommend it to anyone over 200lbs and under 5 ' 6 '' . I take the time at least once a week to re-tighten the bolts all over the bike.If I had more or a budget to spend on a better bike , I would have.Look at all your options , eBay or a local sports store before committing to this bike because comfortwise , it sucks .
 This product fell apart before it was even put together . The parts crumbled . It was even missing parts ! I would never recommend this product to anyone !!!!
 Net is low quality thin nylon and will probably wear quickly and will have to be replaced within the year . Light ring band around center is a cool idea but does not work at all with any daylight . Barely visible at dusk you will have to wait for night to actually have any use for it . Could have used bright LED for daytime use and would have rated higher .
 This item shipped super fast , but upon opening the package it went down hill from there . The screw was extremely difficult to open . The actual screw started to strip . Once I opened the little basketball , the battery appeared to big . I forced it in and after struggling with the screw again , the thing would not work . Also most difficult to put on the net .
 Our net does not light up , hopefully a new battery will fix the problem ... however that requires the time to take down the net and reinstall . Very disappointed that it was not functional from the onset .
 cheap product that does not appear to work at all . I was not aware that the only time it lit up was when shots are made and that does n't even seem to be the case .
 This product is a good idea , just poorly executed . The batteries run out way too fast . Also , the net is n't actually illuminated , just a ring about halfway up the cylinder is . It goes off if nothing jostles it after a few seconds and you 're back in the dark til you can sink one blind . On the `` brighter '' side , I can now shoot almost flawlessly in nearly no light ! Too bad the light up all those NBA arenas !
 I installed this at my apartment complex . It as ripped up withing a few days . Also , relatively thin strands do n't really provide a satisfying `` nothing but net '' experience . Get the heavy duty model with thicker strands . More durable and more enjoyable.Spalding Heavy Duty Red White and Blue Net
 Not a good quality net at all . Cheap price and cheap net . May be best to get one at the local store where you can put your hands on it before buying it . Try Walmart for this item .
 My car is on the list of cars this product is approved for however my trip was ruined because of this product , and my bike is too!Do not make the same mistake as me . I installed this on my car as directed by the video and put 2 bikes on it . As soon as I hit the highway the bikes came loose , dragging along the freeway . What a nightmare ! One bike was totally ruined , the other did not get damaged much . In addition , I was out on the freeway trying to get the bikes back on as cars zoomed by at deadly speeds . We took the bikes home -LRB- driving slowly and avoiding any bumps -RRB- and were very late for our trip.If I could give this product a 0 , I would!I returned the product to Amazon without a problem - they are always great . . When I called the Allen company to complain that they broke my bike , they told me they can not help me because I had returned the &#34; defective rack &#34; to Amazon . The rack was not defective , there was nothing visibly wrong with it . I should have spent the extra money and got the Thule rack . Lesson learned , now I need a new bike and a Thule bike rack .
 Please note that my review is for a full-sized vehicle , not a van.Although this product does in fact hold a bicycle decently , it also completely obstructs your rear license plate , which is illegal . Let me say that again , using this product the way that the instructions specify will block your license plate , and WILL LIKELY LEAD TO YOU GETTING A TICKET . Having owned many bikeracks in the past , I can say with a high level of certainty that this product is NOT worth the cheap price , seeing as how I now have to pay a ~ $ 200 ticket , on top of the price .
 Bought this rack from WalMart trying to budget options for attaching a rack.For starters , the instructions were dead to rights idiotic . Altogether , it was one page , back and front , with very limited versatility in situations . The graphics for how the attachment occurs is weak , and the instructions were simple one or two sentences long.After about 15 minutes when I finally `` figured out '' how to put the rack on the back of my trunk , several things popped out right away : It was wobbly -LRB- left and right -RRB- Pushing it up could detach the entire unit from the carIt was putting pressure against the frame of my trunkI decided to return it , simply so my car did n't get bigger dents and I so I would n't lose my bike .
 This bike rack is a freak accident waiting to happen . My strap just recently snapped and the whole rack with two bikes on it went flying . This happened going over a speed bump , now imagine the accidents and incident like that would cause on the freeway ! Furthermore , three bikes barely fit on this thing , half the time the pedals or handle bars are jamming into each other . The pedals would also hit my read bumper and leave scratches because the rack is TOO SMALL , and too DANGEROUS . They should seriously discontinue this piece of garbage . I wish I could get my money back for this stupid , I 'll engineered product . Hope they bite the bullet for such an awful product .
 Before purchasing this rack from my '99 Accord sedan to take my bike on a five hundred mile move , I read many reviews warning against the possible damage this rack can inflict upon the car 's finish . I was confident I could forgo such an outcome by attaching my own cloth buffers from old rags/towels and the like . After promptly receiving and installing the rack onto my trunk with the prior alluded to additional fittings , all of which was done relatively painlessly from my mechanically inclined opinion , I racked my old road bike up . I was thoroughly disappointed when I realized that although the bike seemed to be firmly secure where attached to the rack , the majority of the frame was left swinging and swaying at the whim of a breeze or the force of acceleration/deceleration to the point where I questioned whether I was not missing an additional securative appendage for the rack . As i was leaving next morning I had little time to fully assess the situation and/or apply any simple , curative measures to further secure the nearly bond-less bicycle.In short , I found the rack to be utterly inadequate . The only good thing I can say is that Amazon accepted my return despite the fact that I had negligently discarded all of the original packaging .
 My girlfriend bought this bike rack -LRB- model 102D -RRB- and I always thought it was cheap and poorly designed . That they call it `` deluxe '' is laughable . For instance it only has one strap to stabilize the rack on the bottom instead of two . The rack was about 3 years old when this last summer we headed out for a day of biking . We were about 400 ' from the house when the two weight bearing straps broke . The stitching did n't fail , the straps did . The rack is rated for 75lbs and our bikes combined weigh only about 45lbs . The bikes , rack and all , fell off the car . Both bikes were damaged . Luckily no one was behind up . But it could have been worst . We were minutes from the interstate and I ca n't imagine what would have happened if the bike rack failed then . I wrote the company at -LSB- ... -RSB- and they never even had the decency to write back . After this experience , a word to the wise
 This is the worst bike rack ever made . I 've used it twice and both times as soon as we got above 30mph the rack just wobbled back and forth . The arm supports apparently are n't wide enough to stabilize 2 bikes properly . We checked and recked and tightened and re-tightened only to eventually put a dent in my MDX . We will never use it again and we are buying a hitch bike rack next .
 This bike rack collapsed twice under the weight of our two bikes . I 'm returning it before it causes an accident .
 For the price ... I guess this is a good buy , however AFTER using it ... It makes me very nervous ! It works ok for one bike . But for two ... not so sure . I have a mountain bike and my son has a BMX , and when the two bikes are on the rack together it does n't seem to be sturdy OR roomy enough . His pedals had to go through my spokes ... NOT A GOOD IDEA ! Easy enough to install but with only having 3 straps to secure it to the trunk of the car made me nervous . I wish I would have shopped around more and did a little more research before purchasing . Would love to return it if it were an option . I really would n't recommend this unless it was to transport a child 's bike . Spend a little more money , and get something you have ease of mind with while using . I really would NOT recommend this .
 I 'm sure this would have been a great bike rack if I did n't buy it for my 2008 Honda Fit . The Fit has a spoiler above the rear door and if I installed this rack , the belt would have run over and down the spoiler , thereby putting the entire weight of the rack and the bike on the spoiler . I was totally convinced the mooring for the spoiler would have broken . There was no other way to attach it and , unfortunately , the allowed period to return it had expired . I wasted my $ 55 + on this rack . If anyone wants to buy it for $ 40 , let me know . It 's still brand new . Email me at
 This is a great price for a rack , but after one nervous short , under 45mph trek in my car with my bike on this trunk rack , I had to send this back . After following all the instructions for attaching the rack to my car and attaching my bike to the rack , I still noticed my bike bouncing all over the place during my ride . When I got to my destination , I noticed my straps had still loosened quite a bit , and I was too scared to use this rack again . I read another review on here just now that said the rack probably is n't good for long car rides or rides over 35mph , and I totally agree with that . I just need to bite the bullet , spend the 200 quid and get a quality SARIS rack or something .
 Item is composed of very think tubular metal connected by far to thin of bolts . It was not properly assembled , scratched and dented my car and I returned it as I felt the likelihood of it failing while driving was high.I would strongly recommend not going cheap with something that could cause serious harm or injury if it fails .
 After one trip with two kids bikes , the foam grips that are supposed to protect the car from scratches split in half ! Sent this back for a refund .
 I rode around with one bike on the outside of this rack for a long time and it worked great , especially for the money . Then I started biking with my girlfriend and discovered a severe problem with this rack . The inside bike holder is too close to the vehicle so your bike will rub , bump , and just generally destroy the back of your car . I have a nice car and now there are scratches , scrapes , and a place there the inside bike bumped up and down repeatedly , leaving huge pock marks on my bumper . Even checking carefully before I leave , the inside bike will shift and damage my car . It seriously needs that inside rack to be another 6 '' out . If you care about your vehicle , keep looking unless you will only be carrying a single bike .
 I appreciate that Allen tried to put an economical bike rack out there , but at the end of the day it just seems that cutting costs on a device that holds your valuable bike -LRB- s -RRB- and affects both your safety and that of the drivers around you is just not a great idea.Bottom line
 Driving in a 35 mph zone seemed to make the bikes jump around and look very unsteady . We drove over a bump in the road and the two pins that hold the bike rack together failed . The failure caused the bike to smash into the back of the car scratching the paint and breaking the pedal on one of the bikes . After stopping to reassemble the rack and continuing to go home at this point , the rack failed again except this time the bikes smashed into the ground causing my wheel to pop off and cause a big traffic scene . Luckily i had electrical tape to hold it together to drive 20 mph with my hazards on to get home.Even though this was a terrible experience , i wrote the company and they sent me a UPS label to return the rack and they sent me a new one , also they said that they will write me a check for the damages after i provide estimates.The bad thing is that they sent me the same rack that just failed so I am really sketchy about using it.Overall
 I am extremely disappointed with this rack . I got it because it was cheap , and it is precisely that
 This product is n't bad for the price but I should have saved up for a decent bike rack . While entering a parking lot , I crossed a speed bump at 5mph and the plastic buckle snapped in half . My bike hung a bit but it did n't completely fall off . At least I can still carry one bike on my formerly two bike rack . I 'm not too confident about it though : - / .
 This product works great as long as you go under 45mph in your car . Ideal for city life . It 's easy to put on and take off which beats dissembling your bike to put it in the trunk . It was fine when I had it for the first couple of months driving around the city to go the trails.However , I drove 5 hours each way to go on a biking trip , mostly doing about 70 + mph . The bike ended up scratching my bumper pretty bad as it was flying around . Furthermore , the rubber wheels of the rack that sit on the trunk ended up burning a hole through my paint as it shifted back and forth from the force of the bike flying back and forth . I even stopped 4 times to tighten everything down as much as possible !!! I 'm glad I have an older car so this does n't matter so much to me , but I ca n't imagine the surprise people are getting on their new to 1-5 year old vehicles !! People were staring , and no one followed within 300ft of my car.The top of my trunk has two holes straight down to the metal and the bumper has skid marks/scratches all over it . Do n't be cheap and get yourself a trailer hitch installed . Then purchase the bike racks that fit into those that keep the bike away from your car and the product off the paint !!!
 I 've had two problems with the Allen bike carrier . When I took it out of the box , apparently fully assembled , it would not fit on the car . I had to take it appart and reverse one set of contact pads . Fine , and it was a nice light and easy to put on carrier . Then came the show stopper , when the second bike 's pedal jammed into the deraillor of the first bike . I tried reversing the second bike , but then the handle bars interfered . The Allen carrier 's bars are too short for our two normal road bikes , and we have since bought a larger and heavier trunk mount carrier that is a much better design and fully supports both our bikes much more stably . K-H Frohne
 I have an Acura RSX and this bike rack was n't stable or secure on the back at all . Compatability guide said it fit , but did n't really fit too well .
 We returned this bike rack because of two major problems . First of all , the box says it fits a Toyota Prius , but is very wobbly and seems to put damaging pressue on the spoiler and other parts of back of the car . Secondly , my adult bike fits , but my wifes female model does not , nor does my sons mountain bike . The arms of the rack simply are not adjustable and do not fit all bikes.The quality of the rack seems good for the price . It might work well in some cases , just not for our needs .
 This bike rack looks good and is easy to install and use . However , the first time I used it , I put 2 bikes on it and drove toward the beach . At the first bump in the road , one of the plastic buckles that are supposed to hold the bikes to the rack broke and flew off leaving the bike dangling and dragging on the street . Luckily , I had a piece of rope in the car to re-tie the bike to the rack and got home safely . The rack is now headed for the Salvation Army . It is clearly grossly under-engineered to handle 2 bikes . Recommendation
 my two bikes fell off the rack on the highway . the cost of repair is over $ 450 . such a bad product , such a bad design . this one only has four straps and the bottom two strap at the bumper . I prefer the rack with six straps , which all can be hooked to the trunk , not the bumper . Tightening your bicycles along the high way is once-in-a-life experience . pretty scary . From now on , i will not transport my bikes again by myself .
 Pros
 First off , I have an 04 Olds Alero . This rack does work well for short , slow trips . Do not get this for any long trips and where you drive higher speeds . I took a 100 mile trip driving at 70 + mph . First problem that came up was the mounting brackets popped off while driving because the bike was bouncing and it gouged into my spoiler , ruining it . Then second , which I did n't notice till a couple days later , it totally ruined my trunk . Because it puts all of the stress on pulling back on the trunk with it not resting on anything in the back . I spent a whole day trying to fix my trunk but no luck myself so I 'll have to go to a shop to probably have it fixed . The trunk barely latches now , you can hear it wiggling around as I 'm driving , and it wo n't seal now so if it rains , my trunk will be soaked . Looking at the back of my car , the trunk now protrudes out about an inch , and that 's after trying to fix it . So , if you plan on any longer or high speed trips , spend the worthy money on a more expensive one that does n't stress the trunk as much , or get a tow hitch and a rack to the hitch .
 First the Pros : Very easy to set upEasy to mount and removeAll one piece out of the boxFree shippingCons : Too weak to hold 2 mountain bikes , Forks have a terrible time with a full suspension frameSpring arms are MUCH too weak , they came out of place will holding 2 bikes on the 101 ... thank goodness for traffic ! Ruined the tire and tube that dragged for a mile . Would only recommend this for 2 kids or 1 men 's -LRB- road/bmx -RRB- and a women 's bike ... maybe : - / Sent it back and Amazon promptly refunded my $ , thanks Amazon !!
 I purchased this rack one month ago for 2 bikes , I mounted the rack and bikes appropriately on corrolla , pins came off after going for lesstahn 10 miles , since then pins came off immediately after loading second bike , It never worked for two bikes . I purchased this rack after seeing all good reviews about it , I do n't know how it is working for others?If you are looking for two bikes do not waste your money on this rack , for one bike it is ok .
 the product does not fit two bikes , and it is also very cheaply made the bike roll even when secured in they slide and move
 I was stoked to find an affordable bike rack when i purchased this one . However , once i got it home , and saw the packaging w / the list of compatible cars , it listed mine as incompatible -LRB- mitsubishi eclipse -RRB- . To add to it , I googled it and could n't find any information online to confirm or find out otherwise , so i will be returning this .
 HelloI purchased this product and had a horrible experience ... Although it seems relatively simple to put together and install , that fact is that the installation can also be painful . The instructions supplied do not warn against injury and are not specific enough.In brief , 3 of my fingers became stuck in between 2 of the metal poles and I was unable to get them out for 2-3 minutes . The pain I experienced was unbearable . It was as if getting your hand stuck in a car door and being unable to get them out !! I was actually tearing while trying to pry my fingers out ! Please be careful!I called the vendor , Highland products group and was met with rudeness and sarcasm by their customer service agent . The agent actually asked me '' ... well , did you get your fingers out ? '' I left a message for her supervisor and did not return a call back 24 hrs later . The manufacturer has not returned my call either.If I had any visible injuries , I would easily file a lawsuit.And throughout this entire process , all Amazon has to offer is '' ... sir , would you like for us to send you a return label ... ? '' Thanks a million Amazon !
 After following the directions and attaching the rack to the car and and also following the directions to attach 3 bikes to the car . We drive about 5 blocks only to have the rack collapse on the trunk putting a dent and scratches on the trunk and dragging the bike tires on the street for a block until we were able pull to the side of the street out of traffic.Thank God we were in a 35 MPH zone and not on Interstate 40 where we would have been in about 10 more minutes of driving!We had to ride the bikes a 1/4 mile back to our house for fear of trusting the rack , distroying our bicycles , or further damaging the trunk of my car.The silver support bars that are part of the racks design are worst thing that could have been done . With me putting slight pressure on the rack standing behind the car the silver supports start to slide out of the holes in the black bars .
 A friend of mine just had two bikes destroyed due to a failure of an Allen rack . Just saying I would never buy one .
 I have had two of these now and took both of them back . The plastic clips used to fasten the bikes to the rack are very cheap and poorly constructed . As a result , I have broken a few of the clips while tightening the bikes to the rack . Maybe I just have Hulk strength and any fastening clip would perform the same way . I just want to have a secure connection so my bikes are n't bouncing around on the highway . I would try something else .
 I ordered this rack and decided to use it today . It fit my car pretty well , and installed easily . I hung my bike on it , but could n't figure out how to hang my wife 's bike on it . Women 's bikes do not have center posts - um , duh ! This rack does not work for bikes without a center post . You have to purchase a separate adaptor , the Allen 900B . So , this really messed up my day . We were n't able to take the bikes to the state park as we had planned , all because Allen did n't realize that a typical couple might consist of a man and a woman , and the woman might actually have a WOMAN 's bike . Very frustrating . I 've now ordered the adaptor -LRB- which should come with this rack if you follow my drift -RRB- and in a few days , we 'll be able to put both our bikes on the rack .
 This rack may work fine on some cars , but did not work on our 2007 Buick sedan . On the box there is a long list indicating on which cars the rack works and on which it does not . I am not sure if there is a way to find out in advance if the rack will work on your car . Fortunately for us , the rack was returnable under Amazon 's return policy .
 Do n't buy this piece of junk.If you are an aspiring wrestler then this piece of engineering nightmare just might be what you need , believe me it will be a wrestling match to get it in and out of the water!I contacted Minn Kota and told them my opinion of this motor and the customer rep pretty much agreed and suggested I try to sell it ! Wow ! what a big help he was .
 The product stated `` heavy duty vinyl '' , however compared to my previous grill cover that last two seasons in the Kansas City area it was very lightweight . It did look nice , was very bright red w/the Nebraska logo , but only lasted three weeks before the cold weather , snow & wind actually ripped the grill cover . When I took the grill cover off to ship back to the store , it continued to fall apart . -LRB- It was very cold during this 3 weeks , and I would admit almost record cold temps were recorded in the area -RRB- . The company did honor the product and quickly refunded my money . They provided me a shipping label to ship back the defective product . So , the customer service was great .
 I should have known better than to get a cheap grill cover . We had a hard time keeping it on . It was so light that the wind blew it away and you could see right through it . It looked good though .
 My husband is from NE so I just had to order this for him for Christmas , however , it did n't make it through one season in the midwest . It ripped the 1st big storm we had and I had to throw it away . This product would be great if you lived in like CA or FL , but if you live in the midwest , the wind will destroy it .
 purchased for a 2 week vacation - for 2 bikes - to be driven over 1500 miles . managed about 2 miles . wasnt convinced that the thing would stay on . bikes were rocking like crazy - checked the fitting several times . gave up and got one that attaches to a tow hitch . difference was night and day . perhaps on a different shape car -LRB- we have an SUV -RRB- or with a lot more time and patience it would have been ok ... but if unsure , spend the money and get a tow hitch one .
 My latest purchase on Amazon was the worst . First there was the shipping , which I guess was my fault for not reading the fine print , but if you click on the super saver shipping then you may have a longer wait while they find which warehouse its in and wait for their weekly pick up at that warehouse , which delays the shipment . Next when I did finally get the item , the box looked as if I was n't the first owner . I opened the package and placed the bicycle rack on my car only to find the rack had a defect in it -LRB- confirmed by a local bike shop -RRB- . I personally think the item had been shipped to someone and they returned it and then it was shipped to me , though I have no actual fact of the matter .
 I have owned this bike rack for over a year , and with light use , pieces just keep braking off this thing . It is made with a lot of plastic , and plastic and bike racks do n't go together . Since I have bought this , the back `` plastic '' piece that keeps the holders on came off while on the highway , almost lost both bikes at 70 MPH . The adjustable angle section , which is the large plastic piece that holds all the pipes together , kept braking through the holes , one by one . Long and short , i have learned my lesson . I will never by a bike rack with `` plastic '' pieces again .
 We got this for our son at 11/2 he ca n't reach the pedals yet but man he gets it around . He loves all the lights & sounds . He sometimes just sits on it and pushes all the buttons.I love that the seat adjust to three different levels , I did n't realizes that when I purchased . We have not left it out side just because of the electric stuff . our son would kill if it did ` nt work .
 this product shrinks with washing . can buy the same quality at discount store . would not recommend
 These guys are not honest . Ordered another this item . Did not arrive . -LRB- For over a MONTH ! -RRB- Several phone calls to full VM box . Did not reply to emails . Submitted claim to Amazon then , BikeSomeShere canceled my order so that I could not leave well deserved negative feedback . These guys can not be trusted . Go to their storefront and see how many similar complaints . Buy this from someone else .
 I have n't installed this rack on our vehicle yet , but I plan to do so . My complaint is about the packaging and missing hardware : The box was junk . It had plainly been opened and some of the hardware robbed out of the hardware bag . The box was then roughly taped up and shipped on it 's way . If the packaging is torn up this bad , and the seller decides to send it out despite of it 's condition , how can I have reasonable trust this item has all of it 's parts and instructions .
 It 's good to hold 4 bikes . But I ca n't open the rear hatch door . I saw other similar product that can lower the rack and let people open the rear hatch door .
 I purchased this right before a trip and had to use it or I could n't take my bikes with me on the trip . Otherwise I would have returned it.I had a huge problem with how long the `` insert '' that goes into the hitch is . When I had it all assembled I tried to put it on the hitch but the holes on the receiver did n't match the holes on the hitch ! It was too short ! The pull pin , with the ball on top that allows you lower the arm so you have access to the back of you vehicle , was hitting my bumper . I had to remove the pull pin and replace it with a bolt I had in my garage . This gave me an extra quarter inch to line up the holes on the insert and the hitch and put a bolt through them . So now the carrier is on my SUV.The next problem was when the arms were in the upright position , so you can put your bikes on it , the rack is too close to my SUV . There is enough movement that the rack can hit the back of my SUV . When my bikes are on them the arms are loaded enough that the rack leans away from the my SUV . Luckily I did n't have to stop suddenly or else I 'm sure it would have made a dent in my back door . What did happen was the rack scratched my back door . I assume this either happened from the off road we took to get to the trail head or by driving with the arms in the upright position without bikes on them . So I used some duck tape and put a small rag on the part that could scratch my SUV.I looked at my brothers carrier and his insert was a good foot longer than this one is . Other than these two problems the carrier worked great and it was definitly the cheapest carrier out there . If your hitch sticks out further than your bumper and door than you should be okay . My hitch is an inch or two under -LRB- behind ? -RRB- my bumper . So purchase with caution or do n't purchase right before you need to use it so you can return it if necessary and get one that works for you .
 I just bought this rack based on the good reviews on amazon but what a dissapointment . Box says designed in USA but made in China.Amazon packaging is non-existent . They ship in original box which was busted open on 1st order . Rack was scratched . And also on the replacment order box was torn open in shipment.For the rack itself , First , the drawbar mount is loose in the hitch reciever . You will need shims to stop the rattling in the hitch reciever .2 nd , for the tilt dowm mechanism , the upright lock on the hitching post is not well made . There is a 5/16 gap between the pin and lock , making the hitching post rattle when you acclerate and or brake . At the top of the rack , it will move about 2 '' forward and back . Replacement item has the same problem . which leands me to think that the manufacturing is at fault . The design is good but the China manufacturing has very poor tolerences.Beware also the hole on the drawbar to hitch it on the car is not standard . I bought the 2 '' hitch version but the hole is 1/2 '' for 1-1/4 '' reciever mount . My 5/8 '' hitch lock will not work on the drawbar . They give a 1/2 '' nut and bolt but that can be easily unbolted by a thief.If it were not for the price , I would have gotten a Yakima which is $ 20 more at my local store .
 We had this bike rack for a couple of years with no complaints , but when a 30 cent bolt sheared off and I contacted Allen customer support for a replacement part , they were of no help . Because of how the bolt sheared off , I needed to replace the entire horizontal support at the top of the bike rack , but they would n't sell me just that one part . I ca n't get the sheared bolt out , so the entire back rack is now headed for the trash bin.So , I wo n't be buying another Allen bike rack , and I would think hard before doing so yourself . I 'm going to seek out a brand like Thule that hopefully has better customer support ... sigh
 Worked ok for a while but then bent with 4 bikes . Destroyed 2 new bikes . No response from Allen after numerous attempts . Finally connected but they said they would not do anything . Consider any other mfr .
 Just received it today . Read all the reviews beforehand . Need a rack for about two times a year . Very careful opening the box ... TWO bolts missing . Other people have shared this same problem . The nonstandard pin is really a pain . Do n't see myself drilling it out to standard size and I 'm definitely not purchasing the approx . $ 50 custom Allen pin -LRB- What a joke Mr. Allen the engineer ?? -RRB- . Like many people , my life is too busy to send it back or wait on hold for an hour while they try to explain why they ca n't even send the bolts with the product . I 'll go out and buy the bolts .
 I purchased this item for my daughter 's 2nd birthday . I intended to be able to push -LRB- roll -RRB- her around until she was able to ride herself . However , the foot pegs would not stay down and kept disappearing underneath , so if you are not watching , your child 's feet or foot will get rolled under . -LRB- ouch -RRB- Since the foot pegs did n't work , my child tried to keep her feet on the peddles which turn as fast as you try to walk -LRB- and steer -RRB- and she could not keep her feet on the peddles either . Also , if your child is still learning how to steer , it is virtually impossible to push down the street safely . For the extra money , all you are getting is a sound effect gadget that is not very audible outside .
 We bought the Fisher Price Rock , Roll and Ride Delux for my son shortly after his first birthday . He has only used the toy indoors in the rock mode , being that it was winter when we purchased it . We bought the Delux model because my son loves lights and sounds . Immediately when we bought it we noticed that the lights and sounds options did not function in the rock mode like they were intended to . The lights are supposed to go off when your child rocks it . I even got on it -LRB- I weigh 100 lbs -RRB- and rocked and couldnt get the lights to come on . There are little buttons in the steering column that seem to control lights and sound function that arent working properly . We are a bit disappointed seeing how we bought the delux version for the lights and sounds which dont function well .
 How can you make a trike for an 18 month old with no seat belt , especially if you are going to use the bar and push the child . That is ridiculous . One year olds fall off , or jump off if they see something interesting . Also , the child can steer , how much fun is that to try to push a toodler that is trying to learn to steer but you are pushing . No thanks , it went back !!
 The foot pedals disappear and my sons feet drag and go under if parents do n't notice right away which is painful . The handle for parents does n't stay in place which is a pain . And it is almost impossible for parents to turn when they are dealing with kids who still ca n't steer or pedal yet . My husband and I took our son outside with it once and never again . It is n't safe since it is such a struggle for parents to turn we have to practically drag it from left to right and since it does n't have a seat belt my son almost fell off the side . He only uses it to rock on at home and will not be using it outside until he can pedal and steer on his own .
 I purchased this for my 20 month old son , and he is not interested at all ! In the Rock mode , the bottom does not curve very much so it really does n't do much rocking . After about a month of him not playing with it , we moved up to the Ride mode . He played with it for about a day , but as soon as he saw me pushing him from behind with the parent 's handle , he decided he wanted to do that . So now he hardly ever plays with it , and when he does , he pushes it around like a stroller . I guess soon I will just take the handle off , and see if he will ride it . However it seems to me that the handle is hard to turn side to side , so we might just have to go get a regular tricycle . We 've only had it for a couple of months , so I hope as he gets older maybe he 'll like it more . Overall , very disappointed and would never recommend this to anyone .
 This shirt is 100 % Poly which does n't breath and will be terrible if you are actually a referee . the web site does n't disclose this . Great for a Halloween costume but that is about it .
 Decent product , a little spendy , bad support.I purchased this and found that the software drivers for the watch were not compatible with Windows Vista , I do n't care about other people 's evangelical opinions of Microsoft products but I use it and I think that it was rather cheesey of Polar to tell me that I need to * PURCHASE * the new version of software that works with Vista even though I had just purchased the watch . I do n't care that Amazon sold me a watch that was manufactured before you started to ship the new software , it 's your watch Polar and not Amazon 's . For that low class act Polar gets 2 stars . Polar , the correct thing to do would have been to send a copy of the new software to me . The next time that I purchase a heart monitor it will probably not be a Polar model so Polar , was the loss of my future business worth the amount of money that you saved by not sending the new software to me ?
 I purchase this item with great expectation especially after all the rave reviews given.I got my item about 2 weeks back and happily installed the cadence and speedometer on my bike . However , it is sad to note that it does not seems to work.I verified that the device got the signal as light was blinking everytime the magnet went pass the receiver but the watch was receiving the information very slowing , like about 3 secs after I spin the wheel and did not even stop until about 5-10 secs after the wheel stop spinning.Speed reading is also erratic and wrong . For example , Speed reading from the watch suggest that speed was increasing from 15km/hr to well above 20km/hr even though I only spin the wheel once and it is visibility slowing down . -RRB- Having said that , the HRM function was very good and it also works well with the G1 Polar GPS I purchase separately.Anyone can advice what is happening on the bike ?
 I ordered these inflating needles over the summer and hoped they would last the whole time.Goods : Shipped quicklyShipped intactEasy screw in-out useBads : Low quality metalEasily breakableIf you want to avoid snapping your needles , try pulling it out slowly out STRAIGHT!Even though you 'll lose a little more air , it 's better than having a broken needle .
 Both of the needles broke within a week of initial use . While they are cheap and usually disposable ... I used them maybe 5 times each . Seriously ?
 Needle is alright . Would not need it as the pump ordered with it is not what we actually wanted . Would just keep it in case we 'll need item in the future .
 I bought this and they broke into the basketball , i expected better queality from spalding .
 The wrong item was delivered to me and I have yet to receive the inflating needles that I originally ordered .
 as others have mentioned 5 $ for this pack of needles is crazy . i got a pack of 3 for 0.99 cents at a local hardware store.i didnt have some of the other issues others had with breaking needles , etc. so the product seems solid . its just the price that is outrageous .
 The writeup for this pack of air needles for balls does n't mention how many needles ... If you incorrectly assume you 're getting several like I did , you will be surprised . There are 2 needles in the pack.Same pack sells locally for 97 cents ... Suggest buying locally for these . If I sound a little irritated ... I am . Hate paying more than I had to .
 You can buy these at Wal-Mart for $ 0.89 per pack . The quality of these needles is terrible . They break very easily and do not last .
 I was really excited to get the door gym , but when I first put it up I noticed that my door frame was just slightly too wide . If the door gym was about an inch or two longer on either side I would have been set . So I purchased these extension bars and , guess what , the previous reviews are right - these extension bars are worthless . I junked them and instead made my own extension bars that have worked out GREAT ! I purchased two 1/2 '' by 12 '' steel tubes from my local hardware store -LRB- plumbing section -RRB- and slid them into each end after removing the end caps . They slide in perfectly and stop when they hit a set of screws . To tighten the fit and to make them just a little bit longer , I used electrical tape and taped three nickels to each end and slid them again again -LRB- nickel side first -RRB- . Perfect ! Then I just put the end caps on the the exposed threaded end of the steel tube -LRB- the end caps go OVER the steel tube -RRB- and slid the piece of foam back over the exposed steel . You would never even be able to tell that these were extended!The bottom line is that if you door is too wide for the door gym -LRB- which again is an AWESOME product -RRB- , do n't stress , but also do n't buy these . 1/2 '' steel tubing works great , can be had for under five bucks and can be as long or as short as you need them to be .
 I bought the Creative Fitness Door gym because it was the only pullup bar that would fit a large door frame -- with the addition of these extender bars.However , the extenders secure to the main bar by a thread -LRB- LITERALLY -RRB- inside and you are supposed to twist them until the thread weaves and tightens around the bar . As you can guess , BOTH the threads broke on the bars after I bought them.While the CF Door Gym is a good product , do n't buy it if your door is bigger than the recommended width and you are planning to use these extenders .
 Ok , I really would like to thank O. Ivy for his DIY alternative . Screw spending $ 20 on extenders ! I did exactly as he said , bought 2 -RRB- 13 `` x 1/2 '' black pipes , put them in the hole , and electrically taped them together when the orginal bar ended and the home bought bar protruded . However , I found a much better solution to the nickels . Instead , I used 3/4 '' white rubber chair leg tips to go over the exposed end of the bar . Works great !!!! Do n't buy the extenders ! The bars , tape , and rubber tips cost only $ 5.34 ! Thanks again Ivy . Do it yourself is the way to go .
 If you need these extensions , the door gym is probably not going to work with your door . I used it for a few weeks then it broke . Not recommended .
 I actually do n't even use these and ca n't really figure out just exactly how they work anyway .
 This is very different than the picture would appear . The pad itself is about 1/4 '' at MOST of thickness . It 's going to serve the purpose of what I 'm trying to do with it - but I had to double up the pad which means the covering does n't fit over it exactly.They show this for starting with a 2-1/2 '' pole - my pole is more than that and I STILL overlapped the covering when tying it up.I 'd return it , but I waited too long to install it after receiving it.VERY disappointed with quality looking at picture . It 's primary design would be preventing some injury hitting the pole while playing . Given the thickness of the pad - I do n't think it 's going to do too much .
 The product that I purchased was advertised as Pyramid Alloy Cable Tip , bottle of 500 . This is a very specific advertisement , for those who are familiar with high-quality cable tips.What I was shipped , however , was not what was advertised , nor what I ordered.I did not receive the Pyramid brand of cable tips . I received SunLite branded cable tips.Neither did I receive correctly manufactured cable tips , having the flair at the cable-entry end of the cable tip body . I received a bottle of cable tips which have the appearance of having been manufactured `` backwards '' ; with the hydraulically-formed flair on the wrong end of the cable tip body.It is obvious to me that , under the advertised disguise of quality , Pyramid cable tips , the distributor is foisting-off cheap-quality , defective cable tips to unsuspecting buyers.Do not purchase this advertised item .
 These cable tips were advertised as pyramid and what I got was sunlite cable tips . The design is very poor since the thick part of the cable tip is on the tip instead of the end where the cable is inserted . Which is not how they are pictured . That said I 'm giving them two stars since they do kinda work although I 'll never buy them again .
 I would have given this item zero stars except that is not possible . The item pictured is not what my 10-year-old grandson received when he opened the box . The item pictured is a crossbow with quiver and bolts . What is delivered is the bolts and a quiver . I am extremely disappointed that Amazon would allow this deceptive practice . A sharper reader would have discovered this , but most 10-year-olds do n't expect to be deceived .
 it got here fast but i thouth it was the crossbow , the crossbow was in the pic like it was bing sold and it had the name of the crossbow and it did not say with out the crossbow
 Im glad i checked the reviews . This is NOT a crossbow for sale at a great price . Its just the quiver and arrows .
 The pants do keep you warm , but the material is thin and they are too long . Even when pulled up , they fall back down and hang off the bottom of the feet , making it difficult to walk and keep the pants on the body .
 These pants are waaaaaaaaaaay too long and the bottom elastic is made to be loose ; too loose for me . I like for my elastic to be more fitted at the ankles and these are not . They are made more like a straight legged pant that bunches at the bottom .
 garbage . shrinks in wash . tightens in allt he wrong places . a completets tep down for champion . do not buy . stay away from these pants .
 The pants are too long . The pants bottoms are practically open in spite of the elastic closure which are way too loose , so the pants being too long get caught under the shoes
 NOT true to size . Measured against another pair of Champion Fleece pants and waist band is the same but the seat is a GOOD 6-8 inches smaller . Quality control messed up on these .
 Thought I was helping my dad with this order but the pants were such a disappointment ! The elastic around the ankle was useless , and therefore created a wide leg pant that hung over the shoe . Not what the picture shows , and not what we wanted . Material is thin , and not what I would expect from a Champion product !
 The description of the pants includes elastic cuffs . I expected the pants to be too long for me , but with elastic cuffs it does n't matter . However these cuffs were much too weak to hold the cuffs up and I would have to cut them off to make them fit properly . Good quality product , just the cuff elastic was the problem . Easy to return with Amazon .
 I have been a long term purchaser of many Champion products , so it was without hesitation that I madethe purchase of the Men 's Double dry fleece pant which I use several times a week for my workouts.Unfortunately I was greatly dismayed when the stitching around the waist began to unravel afterabout 10 machine washings . I anticipate that they will be useless to me soon . This productdoes not seem to be up to `` Champion standards '' in my opinion . Too bad . I can not recommend .
 As others have said , they are much too long , and because there is almost no elastic in ankle cuffs , they slip down and hang off the bottom of the feet . I have to put some heavy-duty safety pins in the cuffs just to make them wearable .
 I have fond memories of playing Table/Rod Hockey . So , I bought this for my Son for Christmas thinking it will be fun for us both and also to get him away from Video Games for a time . However , this was a disaster ... it literally broke the first time we played and some of the Players do n't fit snug enough on the Swivels , so when you move them they literally fly away . The worst part is no SuperGlue or small screws can fix this cheap plastic toy as the part that broke is the twirling nub that holds the Player . You can re-attach him , but he ca n't pivot . Keep in mind this was NOT played rough . It is flimpsy brittle plastic . Case Closed.Amazon was no help as they only take Returns for their product and this was one sold through them by another Vendor -LRB- who ca n't be reached -RRB- and the Manufacturer is in China with a useless Website and no Repair Parts offered . Absolute waste of $ 24 ! Stick with the more expensive versions if you must get this , but be warned they are over $ 75-300 ! Too bad ... my Kid went back to Video Games and I can confirm once again that nothing is ever as good as we remember it to be .
 I had a similar hockey game when I was a kid and it was a blast . We played with it for years.We got this game for Christmas as a gift for my son . After about 1 week of playing with it , one of the hockey players broke off . There is no way to fix the player and it appears there is no way to order replacements either . Its too bad ... I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this product and would not recommend it to anybody . I am going to see what I can do to return it to the store .
 When you install them the 2 metal springs are really crap . The springs on the back keep falling out and you ca n't put them on your bike . also the tension on the wires are really weak and the quality of the bike wires are so garbage . Never buy from this guy again .
 This product sucks . I went to replace the old center-pull brake on my mountain bike . I figured that even a relatively cheap side-pull style break would be an improvement . These were n't . Firstly , the brakes are poorly machined . You wont be able to put the brake pads in their topmost possible position because a small `` lip '' at the top causes the nut to slip down as you fasten it . On my 26 '' tires , this meant the brake pads could n't make proper contact with the rim . When I took the bike out on the road , the misaligned brake pads barely slowed me down . Even at moderate speed it took me close to 15 seconds to come to a complete stop , which is potentially deadly in NYC.Secondly , the quality of the metal is poor . The nuts strip easily . Using the proper sized tool will prevent this , but the poor quality of the metal is n't like to stand up well to the gradual abuse of the road.Thirdly , the action is sticky . It was impossible to align these brakes without one side getting stuck when engaged . It was very very difficult to find the `` sweet spot '' . I should have just replaced the pads on my old center pull brakes . They worked better . I really regret having thrown them out in anticipation of these new ones . Do yourself a favor a buy a slightly more expensive brake .
 I really needed these bases for our softball league . After 2 weeks , I woundered where they were . Even though Collegiate Pacific states on their Amazon ad that they ship USPS , they shipped the bases to my P.O. box via UPS ! What a mess . There is no phone number to call . When I emailed them , they told me they had to wait until the bases were returned to resend them USPS . After another week , I contacted them again just to find-out that they DO NOT ship USPS , even though their website still gives the option of USPS vs. UPS . So , I canceled my order , and they Could Not Have Cared Less !
 I really needed these bases for our softball league . After 2 weeks , I woundered where they were . Even though Collegiate Pacific states on their Amazon ad that they ship USPS , they shipped the bases to my P.O. box via UPS ! What a mess . There is no phone number to call . When I emailed them , they told me they had to wait until the bases were returned to resend them USPS . After another week , I contacted them again just to find-out that they DO NOT ship USPS , even though their website still gives the option of USPS vs. UPS . So , I canceled my order , and they Could Not Have Cared Less !
 Absolutely no bounce , when they say `` one piece '' they mean the strings too ! Maybe OK if you have an especially destructive 3 yr old who wants to join in the game .
 This was a Christmas gift for my adult brother who just got a new dartboard . One of the shafts on a dart broke after 10 minutes of play and not particularly hard play , either . Disappointing as he loved the shamrock motif . Will be going back .
 this item shows up in an adult softball bat search . this is only a kids bat . not at all suited for adult use . having said that , it 's a good kids bat . light weight , nice looking , and inexpensive . just do n't hit a real baseball or softball with it , or it is going to be fire wood .
 I purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- of the MacGregor Wooden Softball bats . one in a 32 inch and the other in a 34 inch . The 34 inch broke on the first swing and the 32 inch made it through 3 swings.I would not recommend this product for purchase . There is also no warranty on a wooden softball bat . This is my first time in 40 years playing with a wooden bat for softball.The bat I ordered from a different company is still going strong.Dawn M.
 Bat broke the first time at the cages - right out of the wrapping . Have an older model and never had any difficulties . The bat is marketed as a softball bat but with the breakage unsure if it is .
 I decided to try it because I had a wooden softball bat several years ago that was great . This one is not . I am an over-the-hill player , but I have tried several other bats that are much better . This one is dead . Unfortunately , the better bats cost a lot more .
 I RETURNED THIS BAT ABOUT 2-3 WEEKS AGO AND HAVE NOT RECIEVED CREDIT YET , PLEASE CONTACT ME ABOUT THIS
 The pic on amazon.com and -LSB- . . -RSB- CLEARLY shows a pack with a waist strap and a rubber handle on it . There are several reviews that talk about the waist strap being a great feature . Mine arrived without it . I sent it back . I got another one ... without the strap again . -LRB- mine was the black/charcoal one by the way -RRB- They insisted i got the correct pack claiming the UPC codes matched . I urge you to research online other outdoor websites and you will see that High Sierra makes 2 versions of this pack , one being `` promotional '' , which is the one i kept getting . After 4 weeks of back and forth i was able to convince them and it 's been pulled off of amazon.com and macys.com . I think i brought something to their attention . They have told me they are `` out of stock '' of the one with the waist strap and rubber handle . I am guessing they sold out of the good one and started selling the cheaper version and tried to get away with it , maybe did it unknowingly . To be fair , they did offer a full refund . If you do n't care about the waist strap or handle , it 's a great for -LSB- . . -RSB- .
 Light weight , extremely durable , This is the best feature . This bag carries alot . I carry 23 pounds everyday to and from work . Only down side - could use a smidge more padding on the shoulder pads , and a waist belt would not hurt either . This is the best pack I ever bought . Great Value ! I have now retired my other 4 packs now . CORRECTION THIS IS 5 STARS not 2
 you can not even control your movement ... . it is a disaster for beginners , so if u r a beginner , do n't buy it ... . maybe good looking ... nothing else good .
 I bought this horn for my Mom 's bike thinking it would be a nice replacement for her usual screaching screams to the neighborhood kids to `` get the ` bleep ' out of the way '' . The problem is that the hardware to attach the horn is not universal and therefore did not fit the new bike I bought her for Christmas . I attempted to retrofit but it obviously did n't work . I showed up at her house with the bike only to find that it had dropped off on the ride over and was nowhere to be found.Honk if you find it .
 The sound is not as loud or as fun as I 'd thought it would be from reading all the reviews . The attachment device is barely functional-it actually fell off my handlebars while riding the second day . For the price though it looks cool and the sound can be heard by the person who typically walks in the middle of the trail and ca n't hear my bell ... . The shop was very fast and very responsive when I called about the sound . -LRB- They all sound that lame , it was n't just mine . -RRB-
 the horn is nice but the attachement is not good and the bulb falls off
 the squeze ball falls off . I 'm looking for some tape that I can secure it to the horn segment . I also had to find a better screw to attach it to the handle bar . The sound is perfect for my ride next to cars driving 50mph . It 's simply poorly constructed .
 My wife ordered these for me along with several other holiday items . They finally arrived today and are NOT as described . The description says `` Approximately 7.5 L x 5 W '' . What I got is only 5 '' tall and more like 4 '' diameter . They were even shipped in a box smaller than the claimed size of the product!I already had a set that size , and only ordered these because they were described as being significantly bigger than the ones I had . I have ABSOLUTELY NO USE for another set the same size as the ones I already had , and especially not when the shipping charge was twice the price of the item . I 'VE BEEN RIPPED OFF , AND I WANT A FULL REFUND OF THE ITEM COST INCLUDING SHIPPING . === Update 1/5/2009I got an email today and the company reversed the charge for this item . But they still have n't corrected the misleading description .
 Any sword that is only $ 15 is in fact very dangerous . These swords are called wallhangers because they are only designed to by hung on a wall , not swung . The reason is that underneath the handle is a very small piece of metal that connects to the blade itself . -LRB- Called the Tang -RRB- In a real martial arts sword , the tang is normally a thick piece of metal that is almost the thickness of the sword itself . If you swing this the wallhanger too often or too hard it can break at the tang , and fly off and hurt someone.If you want to learn more about how dangerous these wallhangers are do a google search on the words
 First off , I ` am adult.I first bought this katana when I started training with swords . The biggest problem that I have with this is that it is only a display weapon , and that you can not train with it . The Blade is very weak , and the handle is junk.All in all , do n't buy this ` Katana ' if you want to train with it.Only buy this if you want to display it.And by the way , all katana 's have oil on them , they are made that way so that it is easier when you take them out of their scabbard .
 The condition this sword was in when I receieved it in the mail was poor . The blade is bent at the handle , the blade is covered in some sort of greasy substance , and the blade is scuffed . The casing - i dunno what the real word is for that - has finger prints all over it and is scuffed , as well . I am very unimpressed with this product . The delivery was delayed , as well .
 After reading reviews I must honestly say I was disapointed of the Seattle sombrero . Yes , holds rain and keep You dry for a very long time , good fit and very light , but not usable in wind at all , as brim will blow up and down as it is not stiff enough . In western Norway that is usually the case .
 It 's a nice hat for moderate rain but it is really flimsy and way overpriced for what you get . If you want a real rain hat I suggest Grundens souwester . These things are awesome and well constructed . Best price I found was from LHS Marine in Washington state . The size runs a little small so I would get the next size up for comfort .
 I found this hat to be poorly made and rather ill fitting . Being rather misshapen , it barely resembles the photo . It has almost no weight or substance to it which might very well be considered to be a plus by some but in my experience you must keep the drawstring under your chin at all times if you do n't want it to blow off of your head in the lightest of winds .
 Ordered this for an older Giant TCR I am building , needless to say my attempt to save a couple bucks is gon na result in me ordering another headset , this thing is poorly machined and too small to fit my Giant frame or any of the other three road frames I had laying around . I was ready to order a Ritchey headset when I saw this one and now I wish had spent the extra seven dollars .
 These weights are adjustable by adding and removing sand bags , however the sand bags are not sturdy and tear easily . Also , the sand actually looks like dirt to me and not sand at all . Valeo was great when dealing with customer service . They sent me a brand new set of weights , no questions asked , after I sent them an e-mail and pictures of the sand bags . I hope the replacement holds up better than the originals did .
 I bought a set of these weights and put them on fully loaded . They worked and fit well enough . But once I started pulling weights from them the fit disappeared . As there is only so much tightening room available they end up sloppy , loose , and painful to work out in -LRB- blisters & bruises -RRB- . If you have thick ankles and the fit leaves you a lot of room to tighten when they are fully loaded , then your experience will probably be much better than mine . Enjoy .
 The product is ok . It 's not great . It 's a little bulky to have on your ankles , and is way too bulky for the wrists . The sandbags are difficult to take out and put back into the slots . It would probably work better if you were a bigger person . It 's too big and b ulky for me . I 'm 5 ' 2 '' and under 100 lbs .
 This product is 10lbs total . Each leg is only 5lbs . Just so you know .
 I was expecting two 10 # adjustable ankle weights . Instead I got two adjustable 5 # weights . Description was not clear . Not worth sending back due to the weight and cost of shipping . If you are very weak , these might be adequate . But even older adults doing strength training soon are able to lift more than 5 pounds per leg . Difficult to put on . Would very much benefit from a velcro stap to hold weights on ankle , until strap is put on and tightened . I like the 71/2 pound adjustable weights by Millenium better .
 I find these difficult to use because they are so bulky . I ordered the 20 lb combined . I wish the pictures had shown the product on a person so you could see how massive these are . I like the concept of adjustable weight , but I really do n't use these because of the size .
 I 've had these ankle weights for 3 weeks , and they plastic lining has already broken and is spilling sand .
 This is a misleading ad . I thought I was buying a pair of 10 # cff weights . It came as a pair of 5 # weights , 10 # total . I 'm sending them back . I 'm stuck with heavy shipping charges now .
 The velcro side is upside down so it does not lock . uslesss product.I also discovered Amazne return procedures is lots of work and stinks.Products shiped should include a return form for easy returns .
 These are heavy , clunky things that are hard to put on . The velcroe strips make this ripping noise , and it 's really awkward to make them snug and secure on your ankles . I did n't like them from day one and ended up giving them away . Forget this product .
 I bought these for my son who complained that they were very uncomfortable on his ankles . He doubles up on socks to try to add padding . He wears them none the less and is over all happy enough with the product but if you ask me they should focus on comfort a little more . I would not personally recommend them .
 The sand comes out as I use the weights and one of the velcros came off .
 These are terrible ... once you take the `` weight '' out of the pocket , it 's virtually impossible to put it back in ... the strap broke after i used it twice , and the actual removable weight leaks some disgusting black stuff that got all over my floor ... not recommended at all !
 These work great as paperweights but that 's about it . I used them once and tried adjusting the weights . The little packet does not go in easily at all . Plus the black cover on it ripped almost immediately . I was not using a lot of force but it just came completely undone . Then the inner packet broke and that grainy stuff went everywhere . I tried using them still but they were very uncomfortable . Going to try another brand .
 I purchased the 10 lb . -LRB- 5 lbs . per ankle -RRB- package thinking what a great idea it would be to add some extra weight to lose extra pounds . Well , first off this theory is a great idea but when ankle weights are as poorly designed as these you might as well strap 2 bags of potatoes on your leg . These are Very Bulky and although they strap on easy enough , once straps are tightened the pain begins ... I started with only 3 lbs . per ankle , `` weights '' are actually 5 mini plastic covered bags of a sand like material , be careful when you remove these they are liable to rip . After about 3 days of working out with these weights I developed a nasty blister/pain at the bottom of my shin , seems like weights move as you walk -LRB- even when properly tightened -RRB- and rub at the part where foot meets leg . I tried using these a couple of more times but pain only got worse , these were thereby put in Mondays trash pickup and never heard from since . I 'm sure there are better designs out there but AVOID these at all costs , very disappointing !
 After having this item for only two months one of the velco straps broke . I would n't purchase from this manufacturer again . I have similar ankle weights I bought at Big 5 over 20 years ago and the straps are still holding strong .
 The weights are not very good for using around the wrists . I have medium/large female hands and it falls off easily unless you strap it in this awkward way -LRB- I have to tuck a lot of material under itself so that the velcro can be adjusted tightly enough -RRB- . Also , the insertable weights themselves are bulky and cut into my wrists . Other than this , though it seems pretty functional and as described is adjustable for heaviness .
 I purchased this cot for my dad 's 50th birthday . The first time he set it up the whole frame was bent and it had a big dent in one of the legs , could have been caused from shipping because the box was torn up when it arrived ? but anyways the whole cot in general was unstable and we were very unsatisfied
 I sent it back and it cost me 17.00 dollars for shipping back it was a bad product if you buy this you will not be happy with it .
 I ordered this tens days before a big trip and paid the extra shipping for delivery in three business days . You never sent it !!!! I finally cancelled the order . How can I write a review on something that you never sent ???? I am not happy at all .
 When I first used this cot it seemed excellent . The frame is very sturdy and the cot was comfortable . If I had written a review at that point I would have given it 5 stars . But the second trip I took the cover burst like a balloon . Really , I could feel it give a little , and by the time I could get off it there was a 4 foot long rip . It was then I started looking closely at the material of the cover - it is some rubberized material with a few threads in it - not a real canvas . And it has zero rip-stop capability . I tried to sew it but it was like trying to sew a balloon - it just does n't work . The Slumberjack people say they will give me a new cover , but they never seem to have one in stock to send -LRB- for 4 months ? -RRB- . Only get this cot if you plan on using it once ! My previous cot lasted 8 years.Update Oct. 2009
 I bought this cot because it had a 325lb weight limit and me being 280lb thought it would hold my weight . The first 2 nights was great . I thought I picked a winner . By the 3rd morning I started to see the frame warp . 4th mornig more warp . 5th mornig the legs are not solid . 6th night the cot gives way the leg hidges bend and give I 'm on the ground . I 'm going home that day anyway . The Slumberjack XXL does n't hold up to it 's rating of 325lb .
 This thing was absolutely ridiculous to put together . We managed to put the first end in just fine but we did about everything we could think of to get the other end in . -LRB- There were no instructions . -RRB- By bracing our feet on the frame and pulling the rod we managed to get the third corner in and about 30 minutes later with my mom sitting on the corner and me pulling with all my strength we got the last corner . We 're not using this for camping but for another temporary bed while my grandmother recoups . I would have returned this if we were using it outdoors because there is no way I 'm taking this thing apart again . It slept well but I would n't buy it again .
 This cot is very ruggedly constructed and so big , it is suited for only the largest tents . It has a useful carrier into which it fits easily . HOWEVER , the cross-struts at each end were impossible to connect to the frame , even with two men trying , and there were no instructions that might have helped us . We gave up after half an hour of wrestling with it and it is now looking for a new owner . Too bad , as it looks like a very solid and comfortable cot .
 When I first used this cot it seemed excellent . The frame is very sturdy and the cot was comfortable . If I had written a review at that point I would have given it 5 stars . But the second trip I took the cover burst like a balloon . Really , I could feel it give a little , and by the time I could get off it there was a 4 foot long rip . It was then I started looking closely at the material of the cover - it is some rubberized material with a few threads in it - not a real canvas . And it has zero rip-stop capability . I tried to sew it but it was like trying to sew a balloon - it just does n't work . The Slumberjack people say they will give me a new cover , but they never seem to have one in stock to send -LRB- for 4 months ? -RRB- . Only get this cot if you plan on using it once ! My previous cot lasted 8 years .
 The cover -LRB- the thing you sleep on - not the bag -RRB- is like a rubber membrane and not a canvas or woven cloth . It does n't have any strength and wo n't take any abuse without ripping . It might be OK for a spare bed in the house , but do n't even think of taking it camping because it ca n't stand up to real wear . Even hauling it around in the car will probably damage it beyond use . I called the company to complain , they said I could get a new cover if they had one , but they do n't have them and have n't had them for a year . So do n't expect any customer support from Slumberjack . My recommendation is get a cot that advertises a cover with ripstop nylon or canvas . Do n't buy this cot if you plan on using it .
 Very difficult to get the wide bars on their pegs each time and the odor does not go away . After a year it broke . Nebo sports outfitter XXL cot is much better .
 I bought these weights to go on my wrists so I could build up strength . I have a hard time wearing them because they fit very awkwardly . They do n't adjust tight enough to fit my wrists -LRB- I 'm a woman -RRB- so they eventually slip off . They are kind of long so it makes it difficult to wear them while doing other things . What attracted me to these weights was the adjustable weight -LRB- 5-10 lbs . -RRB- but after you take a weight out of its pocket it is a real pain to get back in .
 These weights are horrible if you ever actually remove the weight packets to adjust the weights . I bought both the 5 and 10 pound versions and both do the same . It does not matter how gentle you are . the little weight bags split open right off the bat , and when they do they leak grey , gritty , nasty sand everywhere . These are useless ! I 'm going to end up returning these both the same day they were opened . If there was a zero star option these would get that .
 It would seem to me that 5 pound ankle weights means two 5 pound weights which is what I wanted . What they meant is two 21/2 pound weights . The quality seems fine but since I already have 2 lb . weights I have little use for them .
 This mat is nothing but a camping mat with straps attached . You can pick one up at any porting goods store for $ 10.00
 I was sorely disappointed by this product . Two things :1 -RRB- Horrible quality . I unwrapped the mat , did a plank for one minute , and ... voila . My elbows had ripped through the surface of the mat . Did a few pushups , and my hands also left permanent impressions . I weigh 145 lbs , and my hands and elbows are smooth as a baby 's bottom , I promise . I have a picture , and I 'll try to get it uploaded .2 -RRB- Smells like oil . I live in a single in a college dorm , and this mat stinks up my entire room . I have to air out my room constantly so I do n't feel overwhelmed.Bottom line
 not as described on internet . returned within a day . even had few scratches on one side . both sides were similar . very bad for price .
 I have purchased a Valeo mat and notice that my mat had a whole ton of dimples on the surface of the mat . It is disappointing to have bought new mat with dimples . My cousin has two Valeo mats for a long time , his has no dimples on it , it looks and feels better than the one I received even though it is the same brand .
 This mat smells like burnt plastic . When I first got it , I thought the smell would go away . I left it outside in the freezing cold air for two weeks . I brought it back to my room and my entire room started to be filled with the same smell again ... I tried wiping it down with a wet cloth and windex but the smell still prevails . Just buy one from a nearby store or something . They 're not hard to find .
 This mat squeaks and makes a lot of noise when you 're using it . It distracts me from my workout .
 A few good things :1 . The pad does not move around much , except when doing things like jumping jacks .2 . I found that it is pretty easy to get the mat to stay flat , just roll it out and turn it over , so it curves toward the floor .3 . Mat is smooth and allows for easy repositioning ... does n't stick to you like some other mats might.Now for the bad parts :1 . This pad does not have two different surfaces . Both sides are flat and smooth . Major false-advertising .2 . Too thin !!! The pad is around 1/2-inch thick . The foam is of good density , but even so , it is just too thin for my needs . I think maybe if your already pretty fit , or at least very light regardless , this pad will work for you . But if your a bigger person or overweight , you will feel the hard floor underneath you , especially when bearing weight , like for plank exercises or bicycle crunches , for example.Overall , I would suggest purchasing a thicker , fold-up mat , like what they used to use in gym class -LRB- search for gymnastics mat on Amazon and you 'll find them -RRB- instead of this .
 Not a great product . The mat curls up at one end and this makes it a bit uncomfortable to use .
 I had high hopes for this product . However , it is quite too long and it has a squishy texture that is hard to keep your balance on when it comes to leg lifts .
 This mat is alright . It is really bad for yoga because it stretches a lot and you can fall . For the mat itself , 3 stars.But one star for the distributor . When my mat arrived , there were noticeable friction marks on the mat where you can see that someone previously rubbed on them and stretched them out . It makes me kind of queasy to use a mat after thinking someone has already drenched their sweat on it . I would try to return this , but I have yet to find a box big enough to fit the mat .
 This mat smells terrible , some kind of petrochemical odor similar to propane . As soon as I opened it people in my class started wondering if there was a propane leak in the building -LRB- I am dead serious -RRB- . After 10 uses it still is present . I keep it in my car , I thought something had died in there until I realized it was the mat ! I will try airing it out for a few days and will send it back if it does not improve . Would recommend you try another brand .
 I bought this mostly for situps . The foam is n't thick enough to satisfactorily deaden the impact with the floor . The mat will also not stay flat easily . It stays flat enough with body weight on it , but the ends still curl . When not on the mat , it buckles in the middle .
 Ok , this is a big thick cushy foamy mat ... It 's very comfortable as a result ... However , that thick cushion makes balancing in yoga poses even more difficult for the balance impaired . And more importantly , the material the made is made from is fort of a rubbery foam with little texture thus if you sweat , especially if you sweat a lot , it will give you no traction . None ... As both balance and traction are critical for yoga , I would not recommend this as a yoga mat ... perhaps as a situp mat ...
 I bought this mat for general home workout use , and used it once at a hot yoga studio.The ridges in the material cause it to keep its shape when you keep it rolled up , but unless you own a home -LRB- I do n't -RRB- you generally do n't have the space to keep it rolled out all the time . It sticks to my gym shoes and my hands , and the smell when you first get it is pretty strong . It was a nightmare trying to clean the sweat off of it from the hot yoga session too -LRB- I probably should have brought a beach towel for the top though -RRB- If you 're looking for a mat to keep rolled out all the time and for weightlifting it works but for other purposes it 's not quite right .
 Too short , too short , too short . Too short for any exercises suggested if you are taller than 3 feet.You could actually tie all of these together and it would still be too short.Worthless
 all bands are too soft and quality of material is not there . I have bought 3 times already the bands from valeo , but next time I might look at some other manufacturers . blue is thin and almost no resistance , red is exactly as blue , yellow - just throw away . I still have my last bands and there is huge difference in quality of rubber and very thin if you compare old ones to new ones .
 I 'm 5 ' 6 '' . They are too short for me . I could have used about 12 '' longer products .
 These 4 ' Valeo bands are too short for most exercises , I was not able to do most of the exercises in my Denise Austin book . 5.5 ' to 6 ' is a better length
 They would be so much more useful if they were looped instead of just a straight band . I had to tie knots in them for most exercises . They are also kind of cheap and do n't offer as much resistance as I would have liked , they are very thin . You get what you pay for ...
 Forget these unless you are petite . Many exercises require the bands to to wrap around a foot or knee and come up to both hands . These are so short that the tasks are impossible to complete with them.You 'll want bands that are about 6 or even 6.5 feet . Scott Pilates makes them and a few others but you 'll have to read the descriptions to be sure . Avoid being attracted to the cheap price . By virtue of you having to buy the correct kind later they are very expensive .
 The price is n't totally outrageous until you consider shipping and handling . This is a glorified $ 5 screw driver . So already it 's $ 8 too much.I needed this spoon for a stubborn moped tire that was impossible to put on . I realize this tool is n't a chisel , but the difficulty of the tire necessitated some tapping on the handle with a hammer to get it past a very taught part of rubber . A couple taps with a hammer and the handle just broke off . Realize I was n't pounding in a nail , I was tapping the handle to push this tool past taught rubber.Cheap garbage . The handle is a cheap piece of plastic barely mounted on the metal spoon . It looks like a quality tool in the pic , do n't be fooled . It should be priced around $ 4-5 . It 's a Chinese mass-produced piece of crap , probably pennies to make per tool .
 This does not contain the inner part with the needle to clean the tip.YOU ARE GETTING 1/2 A GENERATOR !
 I received this item quickly , but it was defective from Coleman . Although it was vacuum-sealed to a card , it was missing the `` cleaning rod '' that is supposed to be inside the outer tubing housing.Amazon refunded my charges and I bought another one locally at a sporting goods store for about a dollar less . The replacement item worked GREAT !
 I ordered two different items . One part came the other -LRB- generator -RRB- didnt . I no longer need this part but I was charged for it . What is the next step ?
 This item is described as a &#34; double life &#34; generator . The three I purchased WERE NOT double-life generators . They are standard generators and as such grossly overpriced.This vendor should be compelled to correct the product description.JCB
 I decided to take up yoga and really knew nothing about what I needed , except that I needed a mat . I bought this after looking at a few other offerings . I 've used it for about 3 months now and this is my review.When I first took the mat to class I found it to be a little slippery . My instructor said that this is common with new mats and suggested I soak it in a soapy water filled bathtub overnight . She said that they sometimes have a coating on them from the manufacturing process . I actually put it in my side loading clothes washer and used the `` hand wash '' cycle . -LRB- do n't try this in a top loader , it will probably destroy the mat -RRB- . The washer did the trick and the slipperiness went away . The mat is thin , but not thinner than most others I see in class . When we do poses that require us to put pressure on the knees , sometime I put a towel under my knee . The matt itself does n't provide a lot cushion . However , I read that thicker mats can make it more difficult to balance on , for example when you are doing one-legged poses.The blocks are very light and work well . If you are just starting out in yoga , and not very flexible , you really want to have blocks . Invest in a set if you do not buy a `` kit '' like this . They allow you to do some poses that you might not be able to do otherwise.I have n't used the strap yet , but I 'm not sure how much you can say about a simple strap . I 'm sure it works.The case -LRB- bag -RRB- can hold the mat and both blocks . However the material is very thin . After a couple of weeks , the stitching started to separate on mine . I need to either re-sew it before it completely comes apart or buy a sturdier one.Overall , other than the problems with the case , I 'm satisfied with my purchase . It has everything you need to start out in yoga , at a very reasonable price.UPDATE - When my bag stitching started to rip I thought that I had must received a poorly made one . However , my daughter bought the same set , and the stitching on her bag is starting to come apart as well , after a couple of weeks of use . While I still think the mat and blocks are OK , the bag , in my opinion , is poorly made . I have change my rating from 4 stars to 2 based on the issues we had with the bag .
 I bought this Valeo Yoga Kit almost two years ago . At the time I purchased it , it was significantly cheaper price than it is now . That still did n't make it a good deal , however.Where to start ? The mat of course comes with a slippery Chinese manufacturing goo that smells terrible and has to be washed off . I 'm betting this residue is toxic , and exactly the opposite of what you want from yoga . The manufacturer should consider the use of the product when making this stuff . Anyway , even after washing the mat by hand , it continued to smell like a combination of cat urine and acrid sweat for the remainder of its life.The next problem with the mat is that it 's of terrible quality . It 's ridiculously thin and , compared to other mats of similar construction , not durable at all . This mat is basically the lowest density neoprene available , and it tears or shears anytime something rubs against it . Even my perfectly-trimmed toenails gouge chunks out of this mat in Downward Dog . Sliding a hand across it causes abrasion . It 's cheap junk , and if you 're on a hard floor , this mat will not be enough padding at all.Lastly , the mat carrying bag is made to last perhaps a week , if that . It 's a bag in name only , if you can call some pieces of fabric stitched together a `` bag . `` Anyway , buy theYogaAccessories 1/4 '' Extra Thick Deluxe Yoga Matand get some blocks on the side . Together they 're cheaper , and you can figure out some way to carry the stuff around that 's going to last longer than the junk bag in this Valeo Yoga Kit .
 After the 4th time using the mat it started to fall apart . Very disappointed . However , the blocks are still in great shape . Would get something different .
 I guess if you buy a product that is ` all in one ' you pay the price by lacking quality within the package .
 Update 1/18/12
 I bought this kit to do yoga at home , since I 've been with an instructor for a while . I wanted something with blocks and strap for modifications , plus a mat to keep at home . This kit looked like everything I wanted in one go.The blocks are nice , great size and texture , the strap is basic but nice , heavy duty . The only problem is the mat itself.The mat is smelly , which will probably wear off with use , and it 's a bit narrow . But the worst part is that it 's not sticky . It 's SLIPPERY . Imagine my surprise when I moved into downward-dog pose and almost fell flat on my face because I could n't get my hands or feet to stop slipping !! I ended up throwing the mat to the side and finishing my practice without it.Now I have to run to the store and buy a $ 15 Gaiam mat . I would never recommend this brand of mat . Stick to Gaiam .
 I discovered after receiving this item that the sticky mat is made of 90 % PVC -LRB- polyvinyl chloride -RRB- by contacting Valeo re the product . PVC is dangerous to our health and environment from start to finish - in the factory , at home , and in the trash - releasing poisonous chemicals linked to cancer and birth defects . -LRB- I should have checked this prior to purchasing it , that was my error . -RRB- My hope is to make other shoppers aware that there are numerous healthy and eco friendly alternatives out there . -LRB- Gaiam , Enviromat , Prana , & so many more . -RRB- If you are doing yoga for your health and well being than it only makes sense that you are doing it on a material that supports that goal -LRB- as well as honoring our planet - PVC is so incongruent with the practice of yoga -RRB- . Perhaps Valeo will phase it out if enough consumers let them know why they did n't choose their product .
 I bought this kit thinking it was a good deal , but that turned out to not be the case . The mat after just a few weeks of use is no longer sticky and it came with a few nicks in it . I fixed the nicks with tape and I thought oh that 's not so bad , but then I slid down the mat doing downward dog and hurt my shoulder , ouch ! I would say buy everything separate and save yourself the pain . The blocks and the strap are good just not the mat . My old mat I had for 10 years before it finally lost it 's stickiness . It cost me $ 20 . What a deal .
 At first , I was very excited to receive this kit but then , the smell just didnt go away ! I asked my neighbor about it and he said that the outgassing of the plastic materials was what was causing the smell ; and that it probably wasnt health to breathe . I ended up throwing it out .
 I used the carrying case with the blocks and mat . However , if the case gets wet -LRB- when it is raining -RRB- it stains the mat . I have not be able to remove the stain with soap , oxyclean or grease remover.Valeo Yoga Kit
 I only received the mat , and none of the other `` kit '' materials . The mat is a little bulkier than other yoga mats as well . I do not feel like packing it up and returning it , but I am so irritated that I did n't receive the blocks or anything else . Buyer beware !!!!
 I got this mat to practice prenatal yoga at home , it was fine for that purpose for the months I used it while I was pregnant . Recently I started using the mat again for a power yoga class at my gym , it didnt take long for me to realize how terrible this mat really is . On my carpet at home I didnt notice how thin the mat is but on the hard gym floor it barely feels like there is anything under me . Apparently the sticky wore off during my prenatal practice because now my hands slip so badly downward dog is impossible to hold for more then a few seconds . I had to stop using the mat because it is completely ineffective and could actually cause harm because I slip so badly on it . It was fine for about 4 months at home , the block and strap are fine , the bag is pretty ugly , but it works for storage . I would never recommend this item .
 Strong chemical smell from the mat causes my nose to run . I hope that wears off , or I can wash it away , otherwise it the mat will be useless . The bag is quite thin and will likely wear out quickly , the blocks and belt appear to be very durable and may be worth the money for the whole kit.Time will tell
 This mat does stick well to the floor but also sticks well to your body , especially when you are sweaty which you will be during yoga . So that is very very annoying . Also at certain location where there is deep impact/contact with the foot especially , during the downward/upward dog positions , the mat tends to crack and the material starts peeling off creating potholes in the mat ! For its price its ok but not the best product.The blocks are good . I have not yet felt the need for the strap so can not comment on that .
 I was disappointed with the mat quality . I used it on a wooden floor in my living room and the mat seemed to slip a little and the thickness of the mat just wasnt there . I used the mat for diff purposes apart from Yoga -LRB- like Push ups -RRB- and one cant rest ones palms on the mat for long -LRB- especially once they are a little sweaty in the middle of the workout -RRB- as the mat doest provide a very good grip.Okayish for its price , I would recommend you put in $ 10-15 more and research for a better product .
 Mat is too slippery to do anything on . I ca n't even hold a semi decent downward facing dog on it . Only reason it gets two stars instead of one is because the blocks , belt and case are usable . Spend a little more for a better mat .
 I was not impressed with the product . I tried it on , and although it fit comfortably the padding was so thin that while testing it , even light hits from my kids were able to be felt through the Hexpad . To top it off , after I returned the product , I found it at a local sports store for half the price .
 I 've only had this waist trimmer for about 2 weeks and it 's already coming apart badly !! I use it 5 days out of the week and really expected it to do great , but it 's not . The materiel that the Velcro sticks to is separating for the Neoprene , so it does n't hold good and eventually will give out altogether . I really expected better from this product .
 I bought this about a month ago and it 's already ripped on the side ! The material and neoprene is very thin , so do n't waste you 're money on this one !
 Product only lasted me 3 days before it started 2 fall apart where the velceo meets the band.Then a couple days later little blk pieces of material started coming off.And its not like i was doing anything crazy w/it only treadmill and set-ups . I will say this if ur still set on buying it this is another thing to think of.Im tall and have a tall upper body and this waist trimmer went all the way up to underneath my breast which i thought was great @ 1st but relized very soon that while i was doing any sort of exercise i felt very constricted in the upper chest.I kept trying to move it down but no luck would creep back up.So i guess what im trying to say is if ur under 5 9 '' it wont fit u.
 this product is not good it started to fall apart after 3 uses and the velcro was coming apart from the actual neoprene
 I bought this waist trimmer to work out in while I was doing my P90X . It only lasted for a month . I wore it for just over an hour five times per week while working out , it really makes you sweat so it was great . After my workout was over I promptly took it off and hand washed it in my bathroom sink with a little shampoo or just a rinse , and hung it over my shower curtain rod to dry . I noticed after a few weeks that the material began to separate from the neoprene in the area where the velcro attaches after you wrap it around your waist . Maybe the velcro is too strong for the lightweight belt ? Then the neoprene just tore after that and it went into the garbage .
 I have purchased these belts in stores and have been very pleased with them . So I decided to purchase online . The cost was less than in the store and shipping was free . I purchased about 8 of these for myself and for a few of my girlfriends in my exercise class . I wore one right out of the box and the fabric separated from the neoprene -LRB- rubber part -RRB- when I removed the belt after class . One of my girlfriends told me that the same thing happened to her with one of the new ones I gave her . So , 2 out of 8 so far not happy with . We only wore one time and had to throw away . They felt the same quality as the ones purchased in the store . Not sure what happened to the 2 that tore ?? And the others are fine and have even been washed , in a front load washer , air dried . Still very pleased with this product and would consider purchasing again . All in all good product for the price .
 I walk on a treadmill every morning for an hour wearing a waist trimmer . After several years , my old waist trimmer wore out so I purchased a new Valeo Waist Trimmer . By the fifth day it started coming apart . The material covering the neoprene separated from the neoprene . Within a few days later I had to discontinue using it . I purchased a new waist trimmer of a different brand from Wal-Mart and though it was cheaper it works much better .
 Does n't stay in the right place . I 'd rather pull my own stomach in to strengthen my back .
 Last spring I bought Valeo Neoprene Waist Trimmer and had problems with it . The materials were cheap and the neoprene ended up fraying very quickly . The velcro ended up ripping off . Stay away from the Valeo ! It seems like the quality has gone down since it was first introduced to Amazon in 2005I bought the McDavid Waist Trimmer -LRB- Item model number
 This is the 3rd time I 've purchased this Waist slimmer.The First time . It had a nice thickness and lasted through normal wear and tear . the 2nd time it was flimsy and only lasted maybe a month . the 3rd time I bought this slimmer , it was very flimsy & and ripped after the 2nd time i wore it . I purchased one from Bally 's total fitness . It is cheaper and more sturdy . I do n't recommend that you buy this one , unless you 're tiny , and can wrap it around you twice .
 Pro
 It worked while it lasted , but it ripped in two places after a few uses , and I did n't really stretch it that much.This is cheap for a reason . That 's why this one is less than $ 10 and some waist trimmers are over $ 100 . Look for a more durable one and you 'll actually save money if you do n't waste your time with this .
 This is the worst trimmer I have ever purchased . I got three good uses out of this product before it started to come apart . It did what it was advertised to do in the way of helping burning away those stubborn fat cells around the midsection but it 's just not durable enough .
 I was excited about getting this waist trimmer . I have used several others over the years and the reviews looked great . I receive the trimmer pretty quickly but after only three -LRB- mon , tues , wed -RRB- uses the whole top part is torn completely off . Not sure what happend : -0 -LRB- I did notice it was much thinner than other waist belts I have worn before . Anyway wonder if this has happend before?TR
 I bought this trying to get rid of that very last bit of abdominal fat on my lower stomach . at first the belt worked good but began to deteriorate and the material that the Velcro would stick to detached from the neoprene belt making the belt unusable and the neoprene eventually ripped cause its so thin . Overall this product was made cheap , so the quality will not be there . Beware
 I am very dissapointed with this product . After three workout sessions , it looks like I had it for years and on top of that it 's pretty small compared to other brands . I will never buy this product ever gain .
 Came new as promised , but after one use the sides upper , and lower started to curl . Then after a few uses it became hadder to wrap around my stomach . Keep in mind I am only 150 pounds . I bought this over the other items because it was less expensive . Big Mistake . You get what you pay for .
 not happy with product . . rubber backing has already seperated from cloth front where velcro tab secures the band when it is wrapped around your waist .
 It definitely makes you sweat in your waistline , but does not give immediate results . You have to incorporate toning exercises if you want a smaller , sleek waistline ; Overall , I 'll keep using it until I see noticeable results .
 It said it fit most . I did not fit into the category of `` most '' . I was unable to use the item since it did not fit me .
 This product was not good for skin , sorry about that but i had to pass lot of skin problems
 I bought this thinking that it could help me lose a bit of belly fat . I thought it would be a miracle product . I wore it every workout , and the neoprene got very wet with sweat , dripping , even , but saw no weight loss or change in my stomach . Not a good prduct at all .
 The very first time I pulled the velcro away from the belt to open it up and put it on , the material seperated from the neoprene . So , every time I use it it keeps getting worse and it wo n't be long before it is useless . Buy a different brand .
 This will work only if you are doing work outs , while you are not doing work outs if you wear this , I do n't think it would be of any help .
 I got this product on a Thursday and it fell apart on Sunday . Do n't buy this product . It 's a waste of money .
 I have had this belt for 2 weeks and it ripped and the velcrow is comming apart if you are a gym rat do n't buy this belt go with a heavier duty one this one is week and will fall apart if you are a weight lifter
 Belt only lasted the second time using it !!!! HORRIBLE MATERIALS !!! Rubber easily tears apart . Velcro can be very itchy . Product gets loose after a couple of minutes putting it on . DID I SAY MATERIALS ARE HORRIBLE ? Breaks easy . Horrible product . HORRIBLE MATERIALS .
 Used it around 10 times and on the side it started to break , i tried to sew it but it started to break again .
 I 've bought it , washed it lightly and it fell apart ! I did n't even have the chance to use it , at least once ! The cover came off the neoprene part and now it 's simply useless . I have two other similar products from a different company and I 've washed them over and over again and they 're still ok , unlike this one . Besides , it 's pretty narrow compared to all the other products I 've used , it looks almost like a expanded belt . Do n't buy it , it 's probably the cheapest of its kind you 'll ever come across !
 terrible , wish i never bought them , after the glowing reviews I got two and within 2 weeks both fell apart , ripped to shred and unusable . I wrapped my belly , I 'm only 5 ' 0 and 112 so I 'm not large but they tear easily and once there 's a little tear , they rip wide apart!don ' t buy this !
 I have purchased many trimmers they last and a kid or grandkid usually makes away with them . This was the cheapest I had ever found , I never purchased this brand and I never will . It tore the 1st week . This was by far a true waste of money .
 The material tore away from the rubber on day 2 . Not a great product at all , the quality is very poor .
 If you are over weight the trimmer rolls down to your hips , if they had rib supports or suspender straps they would work better . It does make you sweat on your waist though .
 Cheap , but did n't last . After using a couple of times , they started tearing up . They do n't stretch well and tear easily .
 Gave as a GIFT !!! It ripped 2 days after wearing it !!! So EMBRASSING !! They threw it away !! What a WASTE !!
 Put the waist trimmer on once and when I removed it the velco tore off the neoprene , and the neoprene also tore . Not a good product at all .
 I bought it not too long ago and after 2 uses it ripped ?? Please dont buy it . . waste of money ...
 Was not enough detail about this waist trimmer . I used it on the bare skin and had difficulty in pulling and keeping the ends on top so the velcro will line up evenly on top or the lower portion of the waist trimmer to prevent it from pinching the skin . If it had something to hold on to for pulling evenly that would make it a better product . If you plan on using it over the shirt it would be more pleasant to use .
 Unfortunately the saying you get what you pay for applies here . The black cloth came unglued from the belt so after less than 10 uses it was useless .
 I want to start by saying I am not a large person to begin with but after a year of working out to get and stay in shape I thought a waist trimmer would help give the extra push I need to trim up my waist . First , it does sweat your waist and it is not uncomfortable at all . I purchased one for myself and my daughter . After using it for the last week -LRB- everyday but only a week -RRB- , today it started tearing up completely . I am guessing if I am able to use it again tomorrow , that will be the end . The velcro fits really tight and it has pulled it totally apart . I would suggest purchasing a different waist trimmer and brand .
 This waist band is too small and the velcro does not stay attached.DO NOT THROW AWAY YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!
 IT LAST me like 1month of use , it sucks . . really really sucks . . i mean she felt apart she broked down in a hundred pieces . . IT SUCKS DONT BUY IT . . NOT RECOMENDED AT ALL
 It is a very nice set that comes with iron-on numbers for the back . I followed the directions but the numbers look LOUSY ! I would not buy this set again . It needs the numbers on the back but with the numbers ironed on it looks really lousy .
 I purchased two of this sweaters due to their excellent price . I am 6 ' 2 , 250 pounds and I usually wear XL , due to a prior experience with Adidas -LRB- they are smaller than other brands -RRB- I ordered a XXXL because they did not have XXL and to my surprise they are like a regular size medium , I had to give them to my wife . They look nice but their sizing its way off .
 The ball I received was warped and looked as though the seams were stretched and would burst at any given moment . This is a major flaw . This ball should never have made it past inspection and into the box for sale . It does , however , weigh 4 lbs , so they got that right .
 Avoid thsi ball at all cost - very low quality.I have had this ball a few weeks , using it for a few minutes 2 or 3 times a week as part of my warm up by slamming it into the floor ... today it split and is now completely useless . I was working out with a personal trainer at the time and he told me that he uses sismilar slam balls from other manufactures all the time and slamming is normal and should not cause it to split . This was a pretty expensive item and I am annoyed at the low quality . Went to return it and found my option to do so with Amazon just expired ...
 This rubber medicine ball stinks literally ! It smells like it was dipped in gasoline , the smell is unbearable !
 I purchased three med balls in August 2010 and one has already broken one month later from normal use . Not very happy at all on the quality of the product or the purchase
 Overall a good med ball . I have the 8lb ball that my paddling team uses in workouts to strengthen the core.I would LOVE it if they made an 8lb ball like this in a slightly smaller size . It 's obviously made for men 's hands . A slightly smaller easier to grip version of the heavier balls would be wonderful for us ladies.Update . .8 / 2012Well , the ball was good until it split open this morning while doing slams with it against the pavement . As a weird coincidence , another teammates medicine ball broke this morning too . Also a valeo.My next medicine ball will most likely be a Nike . Many people on my team have one , and have had no problems like that despite having the ball longer than I had mine . Oh well .
 Buyer beware ! Possibly the worst medicine ball you could buy . We 've gone through two in less than two months . The first ball we received lasted about 3 weeks and then during a routine workout the air valve blew-out . Thank God that Amazon customer service was a cinch ! We were accommodated with a return authorization and shipping label and had a replacement ball super fast ! We were stoked ! We thought , for sure , that the first blow-out was a fluke . Until , about a week after we started using the second ball , the sidewall burst . Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice ... . that wont be happening . I 'll take a refund and find a new medicine ball , thank you !
 Okay , a medicine ball is a medicine ball , thats what this is . But the rubber smell took weeks to go away and it was very very strong , made me feel sick . Ca n't they get rid of the smell before they ship it ? right now its sitting in the furnace room and I 'm stilling waiting for that strong odor to go .
 A MUCH BETTER CHOICE WOULD BE `` SPORTS GEAR '' BRAND . -LRB- Sold only at Dicks Sporting Goods stores -RRB- ... I bought one of these 10 pound medicine balls for P90X2 and also for my regular medicine ball cardio routine . It is n't too bad if all you plan on doing is pushups on top of this medicine ball ; it is so sturdy my husband can even stand on it with both feet and balance without damaging the ball.HOWEVER if you ever plan on doing any cardio or plyometrics -LRB- jumping around -RRB- where you will be holding the ball and plan on sweating even the tiniest bit , this ball will seriously fly out of your hands if you are not careful . The grip is pretty much worthless.The `` Sports Gear '' brand is much better with amazing finger grips that will make it darn near impossible to drop or slip.I dont recommend this brand unless you ca n't get to a Dick 's Sporting Goods in your area .
 This medicine ball would be fine for conventional exercise but it is definitely not suitable for P90X2 . I purchased the lighter weight for portability but the ball collapses when you do pushups on them - not good for your wrists . Buy the P90X branded merchandise -LRB- what I eventually did -RRB- - it is designed for purpose .
 It takes about a month to ship . This is much too long for a shipment without any reason why.It seems this item would n't be so hard to produce and be on such backorder.For the price , I guess it 's worth the wait , but I 'm still shopping elsewhere for one .
 If you do not mind working with a smaller ball -LRB- smaller than the picture and smaller than a basketball -RRB- go ahead and buy this Medicine ball . I coach youth basketball and we were very disappointed when we took this little ball out of the box . It does weigh four pounds ... however , the pictures were deceptive . I need a ball near the size of a basketball . Very disappointed .
 company has other products that are great , but this pump is horrible . has much trouble reaching 90psi and the construction feels cheap .
 It seemed like a good deal , and as usual , if something seems like too good of a deal , it usually is . The problems with this pump are many
 I totally agree with the other posts on this pump . I picked it up at a local bike shop and have fought with it ever since . It seems to work okay on Schrader valves but it hates Prestas -LRB- which I run -RRB- . They are hard to get `` open '' so you can fill them and often get stuck in the chuck . The thing is just poorly built . To top it off the accessory holders do n't stay in place so the thing dumps dumb attachments all over the place . Avoid it . It 's not worth the headache .
 The chuck does n't form a good seal . Either the presta valve gets stuck in there , or it leaks while you are filling the tire.I weight 166 lbs . and I have to put my full body weight and use my triceps to pump my road bike tires . I have a Topeak and a Specialized pump and never work up a sweat.The lever for the chuck valve snaps back and smashes my -- very bad word -- thumb.This pump is junk .
 It does pump air , but the gauge on it is so inaccurate as to be useless . I 've tried many of these floor pumps , andthe Crank Brother 's Easy Force Power Pump is my favorite by far . It 's gauge is precisely accurate and it 's worked well for years .
 No , ZERO STARS . This is a non-functioning bike pump . I 'm about to start looking for my receipt . You basically have to break your finger off to set the valve lever , and then it does n't let you push down . I tried it on 4 other tires and only managed to get some air in 1 . Unbelievable .
 Although its gauge promises more , I have to agree with the earlier reviewer about it requiring all ones body weight in order to achieve the 120 pounds or so that my tires like.Luckily for me I obtained this as a swap for my blackburn TP4 some induhvidual managed to break while borrowing it . Glad I didnt pay money for this one .
 I misplaced my old pump , drove by an rei and picked this piece of junk mostly on impressive looks -LRB- nice dial , etc -RRB- . As others have said , its essentially junk . It leaks like crazy and I ca n't get it to pump more that 60 psi before it leaks out.I wish I still had the receipt to return it . Its really junk .
 This was my first pump and I had it for about an hour before I returned it . Could n't pump past 80psi -LRB- I 'm fairly strong for a female but putting all 150lbs of my weight on it - feet off the floor -RRB- still would n't pump it . Broke off my presta valve and had to replace the tube . Returned it and bought a Joe Blow pump which is GREAT ! Do not buy this .
 The Domestique pump that I bought today ruined my brand new tube and I was eventually forced to use a pair of pliers to remove it from the stem that had torn . It simply will not pump past 100 psi and the nozzle is almost impossible to remove . I 've never had this much of a problem with a stupid bike pump .
 I ordered this for my son , who only wanted this for xmas . Well he is 8 yrs old . I looked at all the sizes , and this said for 8 and OLDER , , NOT ... it looks like it will fit a 1 yr old . its 2 weeks before xmas , and not enough time to send it back get credit and then another . Everything looks great but the size , so if you have a 8 yr old who looks like a 1 yr old Go For IT . .
 Looks nice enough , if only my average size , 3 year old -LRB- soon to be 4 -RRB- nephew could wear the thing . It is sooooo small . Size chart says small will fit a waist 19 '' -22 '' but if you lay the pants flat on table and measure they are only 7 inches wide at waist . The elastic is not very stretchy either . They are 151/2 inches long from top of waist band to bottom of pants . I am waiting on call from account manager at fanshopping . hopefully I can get a refund and maybe not have to pay another 10.00 shipping to send it back . Unless you are buying for a 18 month old it will not work .
 I am soo mad !! I ordered this long before Christmas and they kept me waiting and waiting until Jan 15th to cancel and refund the order because it is out of stock . Why did it take so long to know this ? Why is this product still being advertised ? I have a young kid and his grandfather who were anxiously awaiting this gift , just to be let down without any understandable reason .
 I do n't know if you were supposed to get pads or not , because I never received any . The helmet is great though , and the jersey ifits perfectly , but i will grow out of it in a month . Overall its great but again where 's the pads ??????????????????
 My son is a size 10 and this was a little too small in the pants . He would n't let me send it back .
 The item pictured was not what I got , I wanted the older set which is pictured with the blue face mask and shoulder pads . Instead , I got the newer version without shoulder pads and gray face mask .
 If you want to keep your bike try something like a U lock not this .
 I bought this to help keep my family 's skis organized . This is actually something that is better suited to holding up a couple of brooms . I guess this could hold up two or so pairs of cross country skis , but certainly not downhill skis . It is way too light weight and narrow . I gave it two stars , because I think it will be useful in holding brooms .
 First Amazon review I have ever written . I.team arrived and the only leasson I learned was to moe closley read irem description , because if I had , I might have seen that it was only 1 pair of socks , not the 3 or 6 pair that other socks have been . The price of $ 7.50 per sock will teach me . A lesson well learned .
 I had a thicker , more durable version of this lock , same brand . Bike was OK at school , but on a city street , it was gone inside of 15 min.-no joke .
 I 've been using these daily , and they are very comfortable , however , one of the straps has now started to rip after only a few months use ... I expected a little better life from these ...
 I purchased these with high hopes based on reviews but was greatly disappointed . First , the latch arrived with significant rust on it . Not sure if that affects anything other than asthetics but that sucks to see rust on a new item.As for functionality , I found that the straps would cause my body to swing during reverse crunches , especially if my legs are fully extended . I guess if you install it up against a wall it would solve that problem . However , I installed a pull-up bar in the garage away from the wall and I was hoping to use it with these ab straps . Now I only do pull-ups on the bar because the straps are n't worth the workout . Not anymore effective than other situp methods .
 I have only owned these ab straps for a week and after the first time I used them I notice the threads coming apart where the straps holds the hooks in place . It is only a matter of time before I fall and I do n't like having to look at the straps every time I complete a set . These are great straps in theory , however , they are made very cheap , so you get what you pay for I suppose . If you value your life , depending on how high you 're hanging , do n't buy these straps and spend the extra money on something that 's made to last .
 I receieved the Valeo padded straps and headed off to the gym , after waiting a week for the product to arrive with shipping costs more than the cost of the straps which is rediculous . I purchased them after I lost my previous pair of TKO Fitness straps after beating on them for about 4 years with no problems . I put on the Valeo straps and did one pull-up , and one of the straps ripped in half right on the seam where the neoprene pad was sewn in . My advice , this product is poorly made and cheap . A complete waste of money . Go with something better , and I would avoid the padded straps because the extra stitching weakens the strap fabric .
 Maybe my wrists are small -LRB- ~ 61/2 '' around -RRB- , but the positioning of the padding on these straps prevents them from properly tightening around my wrist , so I ca n't really use them properly or comfortably . Do n't bother buying these unless your wrists are at least an inch larger around than mine .
 These straps are cotton so they stretch during a heavy lift and transfer a lot of the weight back to your hands . It 's difficult to get a good grip on heavy weight because of this . Also , the pad is too long so the strap ca n't be properly tightened around the bar because the loop hits on the pad . I would suggest non-cotton straps with a better pad design -LRB- e.g. the Harbinger nylon straps -RRB- for advanced lifting .
 FOAM grips ??? How about hard rubber . These do n't have FOAM grips by any stretch of the imagination . The wheel tread is the same very hard rubber . They should 've gone the extra mile and put real foam grips on ; I would 've been happy to pay the extra money to have it be foam like the ab wheel at my gym . I was really disappointed . I think this is false advertising . It does do what it 's supposed to do , I just think they should 've said ` hard rubber grips ' .
 This is not a bad product for the price but money aside , it is tough on the hands and you have to be in extra good shape to use it . I find that you can use it on a sturdy table while sitting and it is a lot less strenuous . You really should use a light pair of leather gloves when using it however . You must be in advanced condiditon to even start using this on the floor .
 I got it today . Its a real hassle to assemble , I was very persistent and managed to put it together in a concentrated effort . It actually may be impossible for some users to assemble.The rubber tubes providing hand support and hold the central wheels in place are very difficult to put on . Also the central wheels are a little shaky since there is nothing really to hold them in place and their base is not very wide . This is a very strange design choice . I have seen other products that worked much better.Other then that it seems to be working ok .
 i wouldnt waste your money it was a pain putting it togeather and it fell apart fast you want abs do sit ups cause this product wont help
 You want core strength ? Do L-sits . Ca n't do L-sits just lift your legs as high as you can . Pace yourself . Sore abs does not mean strong abs . The best workouts can be done with your own body weight not this useless junk the the Fitness community dumps on society .
 Using this wheel is EXTREMELY HARD , especially if your are severely over weight.Its difficult to work your abs out with this product because it strains the hell out of your back ! . The wheel is also very small , and it gives little to no support of your upper body weight , and its very hard to maneuver.I bought it , rolled it once , and threw it in the closet so it could just collect dust.Its just entirely too difficult and the only `` gain '' in this workout is some sore knees and some back pain . There are other products out there much more effective and easier to use .
 I purchased one of these Valeo ab wheels about a year ago . The third time I let my workout partner use it it , she fell and the spokes snapped apart , because the two wheels broke they each curved and my partner fell on her face . The quality of the plastic material the spokes of the wheels are made of could most definately be improved . My partner is a fit woman and only weighs about 130 pounds if that . I was shoked to see the condition of the wheels after she fell . I recently purchased a higher quality wheel with a solid center wheel and it has been wonderful .
 Very thin plastic , I weigh 185 pounds and mine broke after about 30 , 1 minute , light-duty uses . Not recomended .
 The tread on the wheels is actually hard plastic . The handle bars too are made of hard plastic so it is uncomfortable after awhile . There is a plastic smell on the handles too which makes your hands smell . Putting it together was n't that difficult but overall it is obvious the quality is just not there .
 Fairly cheap construction . At 6 ' 2 '' and 230lbs the wheel did support my weight just fine , but you can just feel how cheap this product is . Thin aluminum axle , cheap plastic-y grips , wheel is too thin and provides almost no stability . I could barely use this product.It would have been nice if specific attention had been called to properly assembling the unit , as I did n't get the grips lined up perfectly and they 're practically impossible to adjust once you 've put them on.Skip this product , there are wayyyy better options for a good ab workout .
 According to the instructions , this product can be used to tone the abs . There are several videos on the internet showing fitness instructors demonstrating how to use the wheel . I never could get coordinated enough to use it . I 'm not saying it does n't work . Just that I was not able to push and pull it as smoothly as it is advertised .
 Looks like it might work but I need to have someone watch me for the proper form . The directions indicated that proper form is a must to get results and it 's had to know you have proper fork unless you have some one watch you do it ! Pretty cheap so no harm no foul as far as that goes ... if it dosent work then Im only out $ 10
 this product is cheaply made it is not made to support grown men . it is all plastic and feels flimsy definitely not reccommended if you plan on using product more than once a year .
 This is not for beginners , u have to be physically trained , the grip is horrible . Ur rolling down trying ur hardest to get back up . . u have to be really physically train . I have a stomach thats far from abeffic , its better u get a mcdavid waist trimmer or plastic wrap and do some ab workout . . If u do get to roll back up and down like ur doing a push up then good for u , most likely u will get some abs , once again its not for begginers , u have to be trained to work this . Whoever invented this did n't think of someone like me !!
 It was really hard to assemble . The handle cover was too tight and would not come in .
 For the price , I was expecting more . This is only cheap plastic , with a pipe and bicycle grips.Because the concept of exercising the abs works , I will not return it , however , this is as ripped-off as I have been in modern history . The product should sell for approx < $ 5 at most .
 Amazon should remove this product from their listing . This is by far the worst exercise product I 've ever purchased . What you see is really what you get . Quite literally , it is a red wheel with handles . The box comes with pictures of how to use it `` correctly '' but there is really no way you can use it that would be better than just doing those same exercises without it .
 This product seemed great when it came in , but then you realize it is a complete disaster.Yes , they are movable . But , as has been said before , it is a total pain . And if you do , like has been said , your grip will be all wrong as one side is smaller in diameter than the other . And if you do n't move them you will crash into the door frame , thus ruining your form.It does hold well . However , it wears out really quickly . So , after a few uses you will have to use a wrench to tighten it because the grooves inside the bar , which turn the threaded rod that spreads the thing out , will wear down completely.The bar , which slides over top of the threaded rod , will actually slip off while you are using it , which is dangerous . I have a nice cut on my arm because of it.Not recommended at all , junk junk junk .
 This bar would be great if not for one serious design issue
 I bought this pouch a while ago and discovered that rubber stitched at it 's edge and subjected to the elements -LRB- sun hot cold -RRB- degrades faster than fabric . Unfortunately for me I was mountain biking down an extended rough trail and discovered the bag torn at the rubber seam at the bottom . The contents were gone . It was good for a few years tho .
 After buying two of these I found why they were deeply discounted . Both bags were on bikes that are always stored indoors and neither bag was over stuffed and both came apart at the seams . Great idea to recycle but both ended up where they belonged in the trash . Do n't waste your money .
 The strap that attaches this bag to your seat goes over the zipper track . -LRB- Look at the picture . -RRB- You ca n't open the zipper without undoing the strap . So this bag is too inconvenient for carrying car keys , which is why I wanted it .
 This item was much smaller then anticipated . The box looked like it had been on the shelf collecting dusk for ten years . The sticker on the helmet was not on strait and had dirt and even a hair stuck under it . The edge of one of the stickers was already coming off . I normally give great reviews . This product was suppose to be a gift . I was so disappointed with it ended up in the garbage insted of under the Christmas tree .
 Pros
 I bought these to use in krav maga sparring . I 'd never sparred before so I did n't know what I really needed -LRB- had n't seen anyone wearing shin guards either -RRB- . So I grabbed these ones because they were the cheapest ones I could find . I got some funny looks the first day I used them , and of course they did n't hold up well when sparring . They slide all over on your shin and the cushion is just not enough to cushion a blocked kick etc. . They also did n't wrap around the sides of my legs very well.I 'm sure these would be useful for something else , but they 're not practical for krav .
 I had the pedal for about 2 months and the strap broke . Making it totally useless for my purposes . The one that came with the bike which appeared identical lasted for 3 years . The previous owner had it for 18 years -LRB- same original pedal -RRB- If you use it for high intensity workouts then buy one with a better strap .
 The hammock arrived with the rope frayed nearly all the way through in two separate places . When I contacted the company , J & M Hunting Supplies and Marine , they told me it was a manufacturer 's defect and would NOT take the hammock back . They said I had to contact the manufacturer myself . I have near heard of a company not standing behind the product they sell -- horrible hammock and an even worse company !
 This knife looks really cool online ... but I was very dissappointed when I got it . The compass is too close to the metal blade , so wherever you point the blade you also point north . The sheath is very cheap . The actual blade on the knife is good . Seems to hold an edge , but I really need to find a new sheath for it .
 received crank arm with 45 degree offset . information on item does not state this.bought from bikeworldusa . they were not helpful with my problem .
 Its a useless tool we have the size tools in our garage that we could use . If you use it on somethingtough I think it will fall apart . I would have like to known the strenth of the tool . Will the rubbercovering with stand heavy duty turning .
 The top does not fit . Do not waist your money on this product . I would not even give it away , I plan to return it .
 I ordered this item . It was listed as being sold by Amazon . I picked up my package tonight only to find out that all that was shipped to me was the lid ! I ca n't be sure it is the right lid for this fryer since the fryer was n't with it , not that I can use the lid without the fryer anyway . Now it says it is out of stock . I 'm thinking it was out of stock when I ordered it even though it said there were 4 available . Guess you ca n't rely on what you see here . I am VERY disappointed . I called and am told I will be refunded . That 's all well and fine , but right here before the holidays is not a good time for games . It makes no sense for them to have only shipped me a lid . It would have been a much more appropriate to have contacted me and let me know there was n't really anything available . Instead , I get to deal with this hassle . Yay me !
 Did not work for me , after applying on Saturday I was eaten up with Mosquitoes on Monday while trying to grill hamburgers . Would not recommend this product .
 This is probably the biggest waste of money I 've been guilty of all year long . This stuff did absolutely NOTHING to reduce or control the mosquito population in my yard . The only thing that seemed to work at all was to hire a local pest company to spray up in the trees in my back yard . Do n't waste your money on this stuff !!!
 Whatever you do do n't buy this product or any other product from the company that makes these mosquito repellent granules ! First of all , the granules smell horrible and we had to send them back because of this reason . We had n't even taken any granules out of the container and it smelled up our whole garage ! Also , it took over 2 weeks to ship when it was promised in 3-4 days . Even though the company received the unopened , returned product back we have still yet to get a refund or hear from them -LRB- it 's been over a month -RRB- . The company conveniently leaves their phone number off their invoice so that you ca n't contact them . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this product upon getting fed up with the mosquito problems we have in Virginia . I ordered four 5 lbs . containers of this stuff and spread it out as described on the instructions . I covered my front lawn and the rear area of my lawn including under the deck and around area 's where my family hangs out . This product says it even starts to work after 1 hour ! One hour came and went . Two hours came and went . 3 DAYS came and went . We still have a lot of of mosquito 's coming around , only now my yard has a funky odor due to the Dr. T 's granules . If you are in the mood to waste some money on a product to make your lawn smell funky , by all means , purchase this product . If you 're looking to repel mosquito 's , buy something else and let me know if it works .
 Really hoped that this product would repel the asian tiger mosquitos that are common in northern VA. . It did nothing for the mosquitos , but it did seem to repel the gnats that are a frequent annoyance in the grass . I gave two stars as a decent gnat repeller , but it would get zero stars as a mosquito repeller .
 This product is a complete waste of money . IT DOES NOT & WILL NOT WORK . I take care of nearly 100 lawns , and have several years of experience in lawn applications . This product goes down as one of the worst I 've ever used . The active ingredients make up only 1.6 % of what you 're buying . So what is the rest of the `` mosquito repellant '' consist of ? Fuller 's earth , also known as CLAY . So , if you want to spend money on putting clay in your yard go for it .
 Hoping to challenge the annual swarm of mosquitoes that my roommate encourages with her horticultural nightmares , I bought this and sprinkled it weekly throughout the `` garden '' while she was n't looking . After 1 week , no change . After 2 months ... still no change , other than the smell of stale garlic and foot odor coming from the granules all over the area .
 We live near a protected marshland park , and so our yard is loaded with mosquitoes . I spread this according to the directions throughout my half acre yard , spreading it with a fertilizer hand spreader . Even after waiting a few days , the number of bug bites I was getting after was pretty much the same as before . I saw no decrease for my time , money and effort , and I really wanted this to work .
 I have several dogs and children running around a shared backyard and thought this would be a great alternative to pesticides . I was wrong , first it does not work ! Second it smells like rotten garlic and cat pee!The only thing this product repells is people and dogs !!
 Strong smell . Very strong . It didnt seemm to keep away mosquito for more than the area it was placed in . So I guess you would have to place it in every inch of your yard . Impossible really . and not cost effective ... as it seems to rinse away in the rain . Not really worth the money .
 I live in Florida . This year 's mosquitoes have been particularly bad . I purchased this product last week and it had little or no effect . However , everyone was right about the smell .
 It works , but only for a couple of days . It smelled , but I did n't mind it as long as the mosquitoes were nowhere near me . Two days later the mosquitoes were back and the weather had been sunny for the two days . I would recommend this product if it worked longer -LRB- I would be ok with weekly -RRB- but two days is not nearly enough .
 We found that this product was not effective in repelling mosquitos and it has a sickening pungent garlic odor that makes it impossible to be around .
 I used this in combination with all kinds of `` green '' - ish eco friendly mosquito solutions in Texas , including dryer sheets tucked in the pocket and lemon eucalyptus spray . The mosquitoes in Deep East Texas were NOT the least bit offended by this product or any other safe , natural method this year . But this year there was a different type of mosquito - with stripes ! - than I had seen the previous year . The mosquitoes with stripes seem to be particularly resistant and blood thirsty , and sadly , it definitely takes a poison to knock them down .
 After having read mixed review , I figure I 'll purchase two containers as overkill for my small lawn . Figure if it 's going to work , it 'll work better when there 's more right ? Save your money . I have n't noticed any reduction in the mosquito population if the number of bites my kids and I are receiving are any indication . Another words , no change even after dumping both containers in our lawn all at once -- spread evenly w / a spreader .
 My Foot Control On This Motor Lasted About 1 Year.The Cost Of A New One Is $ 75 - $ 100I Would Not Purchase Any Minn-Kota With ThisType Of Foot Control .
 The Size was deceptive , it was not the standard BMX bike peg size . it is very small almost non functional for the purpose that pegs are to be used by children .
 WORST DESIGN EVER , I EVEN WRAP A CLOTH SOCK AROUND EACH ROD AND IT STILL EAT THE TIPS OF 3 OF MY FAVORITE RODS.ITS A PIECE OF JUNK
 This is nothing but plastic , not only will it not protect your rod or rod -LRB- s -RRB- but it also broke the tip off mine . I am returning mine and getting a better built and better designed case . Stay away from this overpriced cheap junk !
 it holds rod and only if you take the reel off . The description of the product did n't mention that . Either way it got returned
 I purchased two of these flashlights for a sailing voyage across the Pacific Ocean . The quality of our flashlights are very important to us , so we bought these thinking they would be perfect for our needs ; submergeable in water , LED using little battery , a nice strong beam ... unfortunately we were very disappointed . These flashlights had an weak beam and would n't even reach as far as our sails at night time meaning we were stuck in the middle of the ocean at night without sufficient lighting to make sail changes . We realized that it did n't have to be this way when we later purchased an LED headlamp and could see both sails perfectly . The Princeton tec flashlights were very difficult to turn off once turned on . You have to twist the top which seems to get stuck once turned on . In the end it became so impossible that we had to just leave it on all the time . Once when trying to change the batteries , the part where the battery spring sits fell off and it was impossible to get it back into place , meaning we could n't position new batteries inside . This was the point at which we threw them away . This happened to BOTH identical flashlights we bought . I 'm shocked that this brand produced such bad quality stuff .
 I purchased two of these flashlights for a sailing voyage across the Pacific Ocean . The quality of our flashlights are very important to us , so we bought these thinking they would be perfect for our needs ; submergeable in water , LED using little battery , a nice strong beam ... unfortunately we were very disappointed . These flashlights had an weak beam and would n't even reach as far as our sails at night time meaning we were stuck in the middle of the ocean at night without sufficient lighting to make sail changes . We realized that it did n't have to be this way when we later purchased an LED headlamp and could see both sails perfectly . The Princeton tec flashlights were very difficult to turn off once turned on . You have to twist the top which seems to get stuck once turned on . In the end it became so impossible that we had to just leave it on all the time . Once when trying to change the batteries , the part where the battery spring sits fell off and it was impossible to get it back into place , meaning we could n't position new batteries inside . This was the point at which we threw them away . This happened to BOTH identical flashlights we bought . I 'm shocked that this brand produced such bad quality stuff .
 this product shrinks with washing . can buy the same quality at discount store . would not recommend
 If the blade is 3 inches long , how can overall length be 5 and 3/4 inches . Overall means total , I assume , so this would mean that the handle is shorter than the blade and by a whole 1/4 inch . If they meant handle length , then the handle would be 23/4 in too long . Maybe you do need to spend a bundle to get a dependable lockback knife from a dependable company . I would go with Ka-Bar , Buck , Spyderco , etc. .
 Writing a review for receiving the wrong item does n't really make sense to me ... except apparently the same thing happened to the previous customer reviewing this product . I ordered the tiny Sunlite 8 function multi tool from Bike World USA , and instead received this product : TOOL ALLEN WRENCH PYR FOLDING SET 3-4-5-6mm & SCREWDRIV
 So if this is the exact brand you are looking for you are likely to get the Sunlite brand instead just like I have . It is less that half of a pound and I could hide it in my hair it is so small . If you wish for over night delivery , you should likely plan on 3 day shipping , as you are still paying for overnight . I got the wrong product and it was nearly 2 days late due to the company 's error . After contacting the seller , it was blamed on UPS and then UPS said that they used the address provided . I looked at my invoice to find that Naigara Cycle Works actually cut off the end of my address and neglected to double check it for accuracy . If you wish to purchase anything for your biking needs , please look elsewhere . Your chances of saving time and money as well as receiving the correct product are much higher.Pyramid Bicycle Allen Wrench Folding Set , 8 Functionis the product I ordered , and i received this product : TOOL ALLEN WRENCH PYR FOLDING SET 3-4-5-6mm & SCREWDRIVBy Sunlite
 I have spent seveal hours trying to attach base to seat , no luck . poor set of directions.All plates in wrong place , I have tried everything.Out of box and sitting in corner.Never had this problem before with several other seats fron Boats R US.Thanks
 I 'll keep it short . I ordered the boat seat on August 16th 2012 , check by phone . After five -LRB- 5 -RRB- days and no status , I tried contacting the vendor -LRB- listed by Amazon -RRB- but they had no record of the order . Amazon contacted me and stated it would `` ship soon '' . . Going on seven days now . . no product or shipping date . . FYI - this is the second time I have ordered a boat seat from Amazon , the first time went ok - order was delayed several days also.My advise , do not purchase boat seats from Amazon , unless you want to wait weeks . I honestly would like to review the seats , if I ever receive them . .
 better know your iso 's and ddt 's crp 's and inches and metric conversions and get ready for a NEW YORK Attitude if you should need to return it
 I have been playing guitar 10 years and mandolin for 5 . In my time playing mandolin I have never settled on a brand of strings that I love . I bought these because of the reputation of Ernie Ball . Boy was I wrong . One of the strings was defective . Two more broke while getting the strings in tune . I 've only had that happen one other time and that was a set of Ernie Ball guitar strings . I 've used dozens of brands of strings but never felt so let down with such low quality as these . My advice go with D'Addario or Martin . I 've used both for mandolin and had no complaints . My complaint is n't as much with the defective string because that happens occasionally . But having two strings break while getting them in tune ? That shows a serious lack of quality .
 This is pretty much a waste and I am glad I got it for only $ 4 . Buy Caro 's book and maybe some other book on tells . Nothing insightful in this DVD .
 Nice looking well fitting piece . But the plastic the cover flaps are made of becomes extremely brittle in cold temperaturesl , and due to this I broke both of my brand new covers off at the hinge within the first two days of deer season by merely bumping them when they were open . Should be made of a more rubberized piece .
 I have had this watch for a little over two years . Visually , it 's a sharp-looking watch , but in terms of reliability , I 've found it very frustrating . Twice , I 've had the flyback second hand jam . The first time , it was just a couple of weeks after I bought the watch , and the jeweler replaced the watch . The second time was about two months ago . The watch is still under warranty , so I sent it back to Accutron . It came back in even worse shape than when I sent it in ! The jeweler has sent it back again , and Accutron is supposedly going to rush it , but I expect a chronograph this expensive to work much more reliably than this one has . It 's interesting . Just a few years ago , Accutron had a 25-year warrantly on its watches . By the time I bought this watch , the warrantly was down to 5 years , and more recently , Accutron has reduced the length of its warranty to the industry standard of two years . Does this suggest that the company either knows its watches have reliability problems or is deliberately not making them as well as it used to ? Either way , it 's a real disappointment for a brand that used to be known as one of the most reliable on the market .
 Cons : Well I was not impressed by the reel at all . I passed on buying the exact same one as I received at our local ACE hardware as it 's construction was chintzy . I assumed theMARKSMART TWINE REEL WITH 638 FT HEAVY DUTY NYLONreel would be of a higher quality . Also it is not the same design as shown in the pic . I kept it as it was it not worth the time and money of returning it . It will work , just underwhelmed by its construction.Pros
 My Helios worked well for a few weeks , but then it quit when I really needed it , on a long backcountry trip . I sent it to Brunton for repair . It worked well again , but only for a few weeks . It was sent back a second time , then a third , then a fourth . Adding to the frustration , Brunton 's technical support people are terrible about responding to emails requesting return authorization numbers.When I bought my Helios , they had a lifetime warranty . Now I notice on Brunton 's website that the warranty has been reduced to one year . It 's easy to understand why
 Stopped working after a few weeks . Sent it back . Replacement stopped working again while I was 48-hours hike from the nearest road , under a few inches of rainfall , and actually needed it 's functionality . Thankfully a crew member had a cheap BIC lighter than actually worked . Not only did my lighter fail but I was disappointed to have paid the amount that I did for this product when a `` superior '' product could be had from a convenience store . Now it just sits in my gear closet because I ca n't trust it to work when I need it . Note that the lighter itself was not soaked . The specific problem is that the coils do not heat . If you 're thinking of taking this lighter to any sort of saturated environment , I would think twice .
 It quit working after relatively light use . It 's over a year old and I 'm not in the mood for arguing with Brunton about it . I 'll just stop buying their products . Like others , I could have purchased a lifetime supply of Bics for what I paid for this junk . It looked like a Windmill lighter in fancier clothes but do n't think it is close to that modest level of quality . I may look at Blazer . They seem to have gotten better reviews .
 Mine did n't work from the beginning . The flame comes on , sputters and then goes out . Do n't even think of buying one of these .
 I bought this primarily to light my MSR camp stove on camping trips and to start camp fires . After only a few uses , I have to press down on the switch several times before it glows red -LRB- other than that you ca n't tell it 's lit -RRB- and it 's completely useless for lighting my camp stove because the flame wo n't reach into it far enough -LRB- or at all , really -RRB- . So , I have the coolest lighter made -LRB- although construction is cheap upon close inspection -RRB- that will light a camp fire only after a dozen clicks of the ignitor and I have to carry a 50 bic lighter to light my stove . It sure looks cool though - want to buy mine ? - Q
 After reading the reviews online -LRB- mostly 2 star via backpacklight and here -RRB- I decided to take a chance and give this lighter a try since the ascetics caught my eye.Don ' t bother . The thing lit once and has n't worked since . I read through the instructions again and tried different levels of fluid with the selector , but -- after a single use -- it 's dead.Consider this a warning -- it 's a real waste of money .
 Nice looking , mine performed great , for about a month , then literally fell apart . It is n't of any higher quality than an average five dollar butane lighter . Grossly overpriced . It has the looks , but it lacks the quality . When a 99 cent Bic disposable outlasts your cool looking 35 dollar lighter , you 'll realize , like me , beauty really is only skin deep .
 Bruntom stormproof lighters USED to be some of the most reliable I have ever used . They USED to be tough as nails and able to stand up to most anything . My dog got a hold of one about 6 years ago tried to bite through it and could n't . They lighter was bent -LRB- its a Rockweiler -RRB- but still worked and to this day it still works . Fast forward to the last month when I wanted to get a few more backups of this once great lighter . I have had 2 fail within the last month . Yes 2 . This is a serious flaw in quality control . It 's likely made in China and has taken some major steps backwards . 2 failures in a row is unacceptable . I was a bit surprised to see how lowly these reviews were . Now I know why . Things have changed for the worse in these intervening years . Do not waste your precious money on this worthless imitation of a lighter . Amazon should be ashamed to keep this in their inventory . Brunton should be ashamed . I 'm done with Brunton . End of a bad story .
 I bough two of these for my survival bag and camping gear . One of them does n't light at all , and the other barely lights , then goes out , but the fuel keeps hissing out of the top . What 's the chance that i got TWO duds . I think it 's more likely that they just stink . I also read some reviews that say they are great , but they are wrong . Also , since i purchased from Amazon , I ca n't return them because they contain a hazardous substance ... fuel . Do yourself a favor and buy a bic .
 Really short in the leg . It 's not like they 're capris , either.I received mine just recently and they were both too large and too short . This is not indicated in the sizing form - and Amazon says it 's my fault ! Sending them back .
 These earrings are cute , but the sox both face the same direction . That means that the pair of sox on your left ear faces backwards . And there is no way to make them face forwards . The sox should have been cut out as opposites , rather than identical .
 The premise behind hit-a-way is fine
 This looks better on TV than it actually works . The cable that the ball is connected to is very rigid and you have to really hit the ball hard to get it to wrap around . When it unwinds it does so VERY slow and loses it 's momentum and sinks to the pole before you even get a chance to hit it . Plus they advise you not to use an aluminum or wood bat to hit it with ? What are you supposed to hit it with then ? These things you do n't find out until you get it out of the box and set it up . Do n't waste money on this item .
 I bought this for my 10 year old son 's birthday . He was very excited about it and having Derek Jeter endorse it was an added treat for him . We spent half an hour setting it up and trying to figure out how to use it . We eventually concluded that it was a BIG disappointment . The ball comes around real slow and drops to the bottom of the pole . I was worried he was going to hit the pole instead of the ball . I can imagine how this might work for a power hitter like Jeter , but imagine a 10 year old ! Save your money , time , and child 's feelings .
 This is the first product I 've bought through Amazon that I wish I could give a negative star rating . After involving three adults and spending about 3 hours troubleshooting , I 've concluded this product **** DOES NOT *** work . Customer service cites this is a `` product upgrade '' . A video shows cable wrapping around pole and unleashing with sufficient velocity to hit . What we received was a cable of similar rigidity to what you would lock your bike up with or tow a small vehicle . It would barely even unwrap . Imagine Derek Jeter in the photo trying to hit the ball three inches from the pole at 1.5 miles per hour and you can begin to understand this product upgrade .
 The older version used to fit around a standard or square baseketball hoop pole - no more . they want you to buy there small flimsy round pole where the velcro wrap does not wrap tightly ...
 This product wont fit around most of the crap you find outside to put it on , and if it does , the velcro is weak and breaks . Just buy the pole . Wait , I forgot the pole costs an extra 120.00 . OPPS!Hate this ItemWaste
 I bought the hit away for my 8 year old to practice batting . I hooked it up to a pole and spent the next hour continually unwinding and re-tossing the ball in his direction . Neither he nor I got much from the experience . Granted , my 8 year old is somewhat new to baseball but I felt the picture ads were quite deceptive in nature . Literally you would have to be a very accomplished hitter to have the device work as illustrated , i.e. able to hit the ball every time , straight on . If that 's you , buy it . For the rest of us it 's fails miserably as a training aid.After abandoning the hit away I decided to build my own hitting aid . First I found an old outdoor umbrella stand and inserted a 6 foot section of metal fencing I had laying about . It helps if the stand has tightening screws in the base that press upon the pole on the inside . I then used pvc pipe to build an arm that attaches to a pvc `` t '' collar that is slipped over the pole . The collar is held up by a metal fencing bracket that remains stationary on the pole when tightened . To attach a ball to the end of the arm I drilled two holes through a tennis ball and inserted a 3 inch hex bolt . The threaded end of the hex bolt goes into the ball and sticks out the other side and into a hole I pre-drilled into a pvc cap that fits onto the arm -LRB- the open end of the cap faces away from the ball -RRB- . On the inside of the cap I placed a washer and nut and tightened down making a cap/ball unit . Next the cap & ball unit is placed on the end of the pvc arm . You could stop here and let the arm just swing around the pole free . However , to get the arm to swing back after the ball is hit I attached a bungee cord to the end of the arm via a small hole I drilled at the ball end . At the collar end of the arm the bungee cord is attached to the bracket holding the collar in place . It 's important to attached the bungee to the fixed bracket in order for the arm to spring back to the hitter . So far this seems to be working .
 The idea is good with this product -- good for hand-eye coordination . But after just a few swings at the ball the tube that connects to the bottom strap broke off making the item useless . I would not recommend it
 First let me say I am a HUGE fan of the OLD hit a way . This new one is basically worthless . The ad says you can use it on a pole , where this is true it does not specify that the pole must be 2 inches or smaller in diameter . How many poles do you find that size ? Pretty much zero . It WILL NOT fit around your typical basketball pole as they are 4 inches or bigger.The strap is long enough , but the velcro is not long enough for it to secure around a larger pole thus making it worthless.I think the design is so that you are forced to buy their pole to use the item . If you notice in the picture of their pole it is a small diameter item.What once used to be great is not worthless , Unless of course you want to go out and spend more money buying their pole and equipment to use it.Don ' t waste your money .
 Does not work like advertised . Ball falls way to low and right next to the pole way before you can hit it again . It may also damage a wood or aluminum bat . Last time I buy anything before reading the reviews on amazon .
 The premise behind hit-a-way is fine
 Warning - DO not buy this product ! After many enjoybale experiences with the hit-away , I met my fate 2 weeks ago . I am a mother of a baseball player and have been involved in his sports , along with my own for years . I too , enjoyed the use of the Hit-Away , actually found it to be quite good exercise and therapuetic , along with enhancing my hand/eye coordination . Well , unfortunately , when the ball is n't hit dead on , the string becomes wobbly and the ball flies in odd directions , leaving the person `` at bat '' a sitting duck for injuries . After hitting the ball , the cord got wobbly and somehow struck me directly in the mouth . After I picked myself off of the pavement from the intrusive blow , I ran inside to find my two front teeth mobile and top/bottom lip busted . I am an employee for a dental school , so I was lucky to be able to get prompt care -LRB- which required a dental splint worn for 7 days -RRB- . Two weeks later , my teeth are still mobile and I anxiously wait for root canal therapy along with possible discoloration of my two front teeth . Again , I am an adult with developed batting skills ... Imagine a child , learning bat control ...
 Neither item would fit the two AK47s I have , one Romanian and one Chinese , without taking them to a gunsmith for grinding to make them fit propertly . Would have returned them if not for the expense and time involved . Will not buy from that company again .
 Item simply did not work . It count steps pretty accurately but can not convert to distance . Converting steps to miles resulted in a least a 75 % error factor -LRB- usually higher -RRB- . Company did not seem at all interested in exchanging or fixing
 I was unable to use this product because the angled valve would not fit . I had no idea what the angle valve was about when I ordered it so it is pretty much my fault . The product looked fine , I just did not have any success using it for my purposes .
 If I could rate this product with zero stars I would . I got into a minor biking accident on the bike path and broke my foot using this product . I should have had a sprained wrist ; instead , my foot never released from the toe clip w/strap , my foot twisted in the pedal and a bone snapped like a wishbone at Thanksgiving . This product has cost me 3 months of my life and about $ 8,000 so far . Coming from one rider to the another
 the plastic is rather weak . I have only used them for about 6 weeks -LRB- about 3 times a week -RRB- and it looks like I will need to replace them already .
 I ordered two M/L dog collars and got extra smalls ... even if I hook them together they wont fit around one of my dogs neck.I have left SEVERAL messages with the seller and they were all ignored.Don ' t buy from this seller unless you are willing to return the items through Amazon .
 This stand is loose on Brunton gas canisters . Its difficult to put on because its just small enough you have to tilt it a bit to get in the grooves , yet big enough it easily tilts over and comes off . Getting a stove level with this on is harder than leveling one without it . Works good on a level picnic table though .
 this product shrinks with washing . can buy the same quality at discount store . would not recommend
 I found this to be very uncomfortable and the instructions that I received were very limited . It 's too bad because I really wanted to be able to do shoulder and/or headstands . I guess I have to do them the old fashioned way ... go to class and get proper instructions from a certified instructor .
 Very Very Very terrible air soft gun . I bought this for my son and 3 weeks later it broke ! The laser batteries runs out quick , and its made of some cheap plastic . I would NOT buy this product .
 Look , I knew it was a cheap gun . Anything less than $ 30 should not get your expectations real high . However , for me this gun should at least work ... most of the time . I guess I got the Friday afternoon special . When I first pulled it out of the box and assembled it , the first thing I noticed was the front sight was all gummed up and cloudy , not a clear piece of plastic , but looked defective . That 's not a big deal , as the whole assembly is cheap plastic and I could have lived with that ; a sight is nonessential for a 170fps gun . The flash light is okay , shines blue and not white so it 's not real useful . The laser is actually better than I expected , but it can not be zeroed to the sight and is quite a bit off ... again , not real important as the BBs start to fall rapidly about 10 ' out of the barrel . You might get 40 ' out of it if you aim really high . BBs often fall out of the end of the barrel.The big disappointment is that after about 20 rounds it started to misfire . There were BBs rolling around inside of it but it just would not fire at all after while . If I put more into it would fire so I suspect that some BBs must be escaping into the handle and barrel areas where they can not get back to the loading chamber . I 'm really not in the mood to take all the screws out to investigate . I 'm tempted to keep it just to keep the laser and mount that to another gun , but I 'm sending it back and will spend a bit more for something of more quality . I also feel that 170fps -LRB- if it 's even that much -RRB- , is really not enough for anything of merit .
 It did not even last two weeks . The cocking mechanism broke rendering the gun unusable . A thin plastic pin broke that pulls back the metal spring assembly to load and cock the gun . They should have made the pin out of metal too . Bad design - stay away from this one .
 There are a few things to know before you try to buy this gun .1 . This is n't the gun that you actually get . You get a shotgun with a stock .2 . You get corroded batteries .3 . The laser does n't even work with the set up they give you . The wires are n't connected .4 . They give you a miss match of parts that were n't even made for this gun .5 . It is just not what you think it is.JUST DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 The gun swerves away from he site , it does n't hold a lot of BB 's - you have to shoot about 5 times to get one BB out and then it broke in about 15 minutes -- at least I had the laser -- except that broke in another 15 minutes . This gun sucks -- do n't buy it it 's a waste of money
 Never worked was jammed and you could not even shoot with ! lost my money in it ! maybe some people got lucky here , I took the word from those who loved it here . . I wanted to be positive . I never had intention to shoot much with just scare a cat not hurt him , I am a animals lover , I just wanted to scare way that cat that is killing my birds !! ... but i never got to use it . worthless piece of crap!stay way from it !!
 This gun is very cheaply made . when you shoot it is sounds like its about to break and its really light and flimsy not robust like other guns of this type . to the reader of this review i advis you to look at other shot guns like the crossman stinger s30 , the hardballer 2 , and or the utg model 870 . look for other guns .
 i cant belive they made a gn cheap !!! i was playing with it and the laser fell of when i dropped it on the grass then the next night i was running and THE BARREL SNAPPED OFF IT SNAPPED OFF WOOOW !!! If u r considering this gun because it ` looks cool ' i would try a different gun because it doesent shoot cool either ... it ALWAYS curves i never hit my friends in our airsoft war LOOK AT A DIFFERENT GUN !!!
 My friend who i go airsoft with all the time just bought this gun , we were so excited to play , and when he opened it out of the box , 9 days after he ordered it cuz it took really long , it was messed up , he says that when you put the pelletes in the mag . wen he points the gun straight or down , they fall out , and when he holds it up and pulls the triger , it doesnt even shoot , i am really dissapointed , so get a different gun , i reccomend for beginers , any gun from hot import toys , and if ur experienced , tokyo maruips . my friend and i both ordered the same gu from amazon , and his came in 4 days , and its been 8 days for me and hasnt come , so it can be two or it can be 9 , he orderd a speed loader , didnt come for 2and a half weekspps . im not a kid
 I purchased two of this sweaters due to their excellent price . I am 6 ' 2 , 250 pounds and I usually wear XL , due to a prior experience with Adidas -LRB- they are smaller than other brands -RRB- I ordered a XXXL because they did not have XXL and to my surprise they are like a regular size medium , I had to give them to my wife . They look nice but their sizing its way off .
 Step down mount does not fit carry handle snugly . You get what you pay for .
 shipping charges were double as advertised . ZERO customer service !!! I have print out of original order with correct shipping charges . Very upset with this type of activity going on on Amazon.com , will have to reconsider using Amazon.com again , WILL NEVER USE THESE `` PEOPLE '' AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Will not tighten up , scope moves , can not get rifle sighted in . DO N'T WAIST YOUR MONEY , AMO or TIME !!
 I bought this bike around a year ago . I shopped around , found that it was cheapest here . There is a reason it is so cheap , everything breaks . First off , when I assembled out of the box , I noticed the rims and spokes were bent , but I figured I just need a bike to putt around on , not go race with . The first week I had it , the pedal strips and breaks off ... there 's an extra $ 40 to fix . A few months later , the handle grips crack and fall apart -LRB- I also store my bike indoors , so not caused by weather damage . -RRB- The tires never stay inflated ... the chain broke after a few months . Overall , this POS from china is a waste of money . Spend the extra $ 50 and get a reliable bike .
 I purchased this product as a gift and have to send back because it was impossible to put together . Not only were the instructions incredibly hard to understand , but I took it to a bike shop to help assemble and it turns out several key pieces are missing . Not a quality product .
 I purchased this rack from my local bike shop about a year and a half ago . I liked that it was adjustable -LRB- I have a Nissan Maxima with a spoiler , which it just barely clears -RRB- , and that it was cheap . I used it for a while with just one bike on it , and had no problems ... at first.A few months ago , I had my bike and my girlfriend 's on it to go to the Grand Canyon from Santa Barbara , CA , which is about a 7 hour drive . On the way there , the saddles of the rack began to shift a bit on the poles they are attached to . I thought nothing of it until the drive home , when the bike in the rear-most position began wobbling noticeably in my rear-view mirror . I pulled over , and found that the saddles were slipping down the poles , working their way toward the ends . I had to take the bikes off three times on the drive and wrestle the saddles back to their normal positions . On a recent 10-hour drive , I had to tie my bike 's seat post to the vertical pole on the rack so it would n't do the same thing . I no longer trust the rack with more than one bike on it , especially since I came home from the Grand Canyon with fresh pedal scratches all over the back of my car.Another thing is that the rubber straps became too stretched out and began popping off their attachments . Another problem is that the weight of two bikes caused the rack to make a big depression in my bumper , which luckily popped out again once the bikes came off . You also ca n't really open your trunk with a bike on the rack , because you have to slam it really hard to get it to latch again with the rack hitting the bumper.To sum up , I really do n't like this rack , and I wish I had a trailer hitch or roof racks so I could get a real bike rack . Hollywood sucks .
 this product shrinks with washing . can buy the same quality at discount store . would not recommend
 Do you want a net that slowly loses tension as you play ? I mean do you want to visibly see the net tensioners sliding their way up the rope as the net sags . Are you sitting at home thinking , man what I really want is a net that 's super loose at the bottom so there 's no way I could ever play a ball off of it ? Well then this is the net for you . You 'll love having people over for a game and tightening the net every five seconds . Your friends and family will be amazed at how poor the quality is , and wait till you tell them how much it costs ! They 'll be even more amazed . This is literally the worst volleyball net I have ever owned , it 's going back tomorrow .
 I ordered this net for my husband for father 's day . We play a ton of vball and use to be big sand vball players . Since having kids it 's difficult to get to the beach so now we play in the grassy park in front of our home . Well much to my -LRB- our -RRB- dissappointment this net did not work well at all . My husband set it up fairly quickly but when we tried to tighten the sides that are made to pull the net so that the net stays tight kept sliding down hence making the net droop !!! VERY DISSAPPOINTED !!! So we immediately packed it all up and sent it back . I would not reccomend this net at all . It just does not work well . Especially if you are considering playing any sort of competitve vball because the minute someone spikes into the net it is going to droop .
 The instruction on how to assemble are horrendous . Plan on spending hours trying to figure out what they are talking about !!!
 The good and the bad.UPDATE - I 'm very disappointed with this belt . It was rigid enough for a carry belt for a couple of months but then became way too flexible . I can no loners recommend this belt.The belt is comfortable and of very high quality . Many gun belts are very stiff and rigid while others are too flexible . The rigid belts can become uncomfortable over time while the overly flexible belts can create serious problems when trying to withdraw your weapon in a rapid/fluid motion.This particular belt provides a nice balance by supporting your holster without sag . That 's to say it 's rigid enough to support your weapon without creating discomfort by cutting into your hips . My review is written assuming the user is carrying a small to mid-sized frame weapon using a quality holster . The belt is 11/2 '' wide so you SHOULD use a holster that is designed for a 11/2 '' belt . If the belt loops are larger than 11/2 inches then you need to step up to a larger belt.As the previous reviewer mentioned , this is not a good choice for the 1911 . Quality 1911 holsters have 13/4 '' belt loop holes so simple logic would tell you that you need a 13/4 '' belt . Full size frame 1911 's are heavy which require a wider belt . As a reference , I carry a H&K ; USP Compact .45 which is NOT a small/light weapon . In fact , H&K ; calling it a `` Compact '' is a bit over the top . With this said , I use a Galco Concealable holster -LRB- rides on outside of the belt -RRB- with 11/2 loops and it works very well with this belt . So much so that I bought a tan as well as a black belt.Now the warning - I have a 32 '' waist and I always buy 34 '' belts . This belt in a 34 '' left me with only one spare buckle hole so I had to exchange it for a 36 '' . If the sizing were more accurate then I would have given the belt 5 stars .
 As a major manufacturer of gun belts , holsters , and accessories , I believe this would a sound purchase . This was not the case . It was an inferior produce that only serves as a casual belt . I would recommend the GALCO product as they are all designed to support the wear and carry of a full-size 1911 which is usually the largest carry gun most commonly found .
 This pad really is n't that great . I was surprised by how small it really was . The tent is n't cheap but the footprint feels that way .
 Bought this on Amazon through Pro Therapy Sales . I contacted the manufacturer because after I assembled it would not slide correctly . Got no response via phone and then emailed them a few days later . They did respond but basically said not their problem , contact the seller ... . and since I got it off of Amazon it was probably used -LRB- it was not - brand new in the box from Yukon -RRB- . Once I did get Pro Therapy to respond to me they contacted the factory to call me on a day promised . They did not and the seller had to contact me and Yukon again . A Yukon rep tried to help me with several ways to fix it but it never really worked . It does not function smoothly and at all what I expected . I wanted to return and they tried to send a replacement which I did not want . Still trying to get a refund . If you buy this product you will be sorry ... the seller and the manufacturer need to learn what good customer service is . For the price and effort involved to assemble you would expect quality and good customer service .
 Amazon and Seller forgot to tell you that this item only comes in one size ... 5 ! Do n't even think you can order the size you wanted .
 I cancled the order yet I have been billed by amazon . Be very careful they do not tell you its size or give you the option to choose size you hit the button and the order is complete without giving the size . Yet it tells you to order the next size up if you need a half size , very deceiving
 Amazon and Seller do n't tell you they only come in one size ... 5 ! Do n't even think you can order another size .
 very unhappy about this purchase . The part was damaged when I took it out of the package . Cracked by a mounting hole , & one of the electrical connectors was brown & rusty . Send product back waiting on refund . Funny the return address on the package was the same as where I had to send it back to . -LRB- The returns Center -RRB- .
 It 's been almost 2 months and I still have n't received the item . I emailed the company but got no reply . Not happy with the service .
 Have had this for years now , with additional gifts at various times . Although I 'd expected this to come in quite handy , I have found the scissors and knife not quite up to what I need at the time . -LRB- I probably use the tip of a ballpoint pen as well or better . -RRB-
 The small knife no longer locks into the card , It generally is floating around in my pocket and I have to be careful not to stab myself.The scissor cover broke off a long time ago , and also floats around in my pocket.The pen is useless . Its diameter is so tiny , only the smallest fingers have a hope of operating it.It is a good idea , but I would wait for some much needed improvements to be made .
 There are a number of great credit card knives , -LRB- so called because they are when folded the size of a credit card -RRB- made by both S.O.G. which makes the `` Access card '' , and Spyderco which makes the `` Spydercard '' . The cost nearly is the same and the others have actual useful blades . This thing is cheap , cheap , cheap incomparison . Do yourself a favor and take a look at those others before buying this one .
 Do n't buy this if you want it for the light . It 's range is about 1 inch from the card . Even then , it is so weak you can hardly see what it 's pointing at . And this was in a perfectly dark room . If there is any other ambient light , it provides no useful enhancement . You 're better off feeling your way around with your hands.Although I agree with other reviewers that the pen is too small to be comfortable using , the rest of the tools are fine . Just do n't buy this one if you think the light will come in handy sometime ; it wo n't .
 This card tool is very lightweight and very slim . The case is just not put together well . The plastic fastening is flimsy and falls apart pretty fast , especially near or on the hinge mechanism . Unless you treat this thing very delicately it will crack or break . It is not something you want to have in your back pocket wallet when sitting down.The knife , scissors , tweezers , and pen are all good tools and hold up nicely with continued use . The needle and the toothpick are more prone to getting lost than anything . The knife edge is not very sharp from the factory , and it is made of such strong steel and is so small , it can be a real challenge to sharpen . I suppose that is why they call it a `` letter opener '' rather than a cutting tool.If you expect to get a lot of use out of it , I recommend getting something with more solid construction .
 When i bought this i was so happy , it was really cool but i kept it in my wallet and when i took it out to use it the cheap plastic that it is made out of broke so now everyting falls out .
 The Swiss Card is only useful if you need something to fit in a wallet . For a few dollars more , the Leatherman Micra has a much superior scissors , a better nail file , more screwdriver options , an easier-to-handle knife , and a bottle opener . The Leatherman Squirt is even better , and not that much more .
 I ordered this for my husband for christmas but it still has n't shipped ... a week after new years ! And product was n't listed as backordered .
 I 've never written a bad review before , but I feel I should in order to warn others . This is a very cheap cue rack that was chipped in a few places and even had a long split in one of the boards . Do n't go by the color of stain in the picture , it is very misleading . It is a much darker color when you get it . Do n't waste your money on this ! Spend the extra money and get one thats going to last .
 I LOVE this watch ... unfortunately , I sent it in for a warranty repair -LRB- condensation accumulated within the lens -RRB- . It took about three months to get the watch back . They do stand behind their product , but it takes a LONG time to get it back . I have gone diving with this watch atleast 15 times and it keeps very accurate time . The mother-of-pearl face is really stunning.This is the 1st watch I 've owned that I can honestly say I LOVE .
 I am a Physical Educator for Third , Fourth and Fifth graders and ordered this book to use with them . I found that most of the activities are for younger students . The music used and the activities used are for young beginners .
 this product shrinks with washing . can buy the same quality at discount store . would not recommend
 Ordered the SwissTool RS and received a red pocket knife !!! I 'm sure the Swiss Tool RS is a great tool as all of the Victorinox products I 've owned have been . Not happy at all , Customer service has been fine with Amazon but not so much with Wayfair LLC . I maybe stuck with a charge on my card or a red pocket knife I do n't want ...
 the flippers have this really convenient release and fit toggle . The snork is o.k. , but the mask was bent by the packaging and rendered useless .
 This product was not the product described on Amazon . It came as the next size larger than advertised . I am having a lot of trougle trying to return it . My computer will not print the return label and I have been waiting for two weeks for Amazon to send me a label as they promised . If it had been the right size knive -LSB- 3.25 inches instead of 3.50 inches -RSB- it is one of the most useful and best pocket knives I have ever owned . Just be sure it is the small tinker -LSB- 3.25 inches or 84mm -RSB- and it is perfect .
 I love Swiss Army Knives but this one is hardly anything to get excited about . I read that it was 3 . something odd inches , longer than the original . But what it did n't tell you that it was as bulky as ever . I expected the same size as the traditional army knife , just longer . If you want something to put on your keyring do n't count on this .
 I was very disappointed in my order . First of all , I ordered a cherry wood cue stick holder . When it came , it was a maple or the like . I decided it would be more trouble to sent it back than it was worth . So , I kept it . I was giving it to my daughter for a birthday gift . I helped put it together and was somewhat happy with it except it seemed kind of small . I had one years ago that was perfect . Well , where it is designed to put the balls for the pool table , all but two of the balls would fit . The one I had years ago would accommodate all the balls , as this one should . Why accommodate all but two balls ? Because it was not regulation size ! I gave it to my daughter and her family and they are happy just to have a place to put the pool sticks , but I am VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 I go to the indoor pool at least 3 times a week . Needed to find an inexpensive suit , because the chlorine fades them a lot . When I got the suit , I was satisfied with the color , but trying it on I found it uncomfortable . The size I ordered was not the size of what I expected . Their size chart is wrong , order bigger .
 I dont remember what size i bought but it was too small . I will create a video to show you how small it was .
 i ordered a large swimsuit and guess what ? they sent an XS swimsuit . there is no way i will fit into this . 1 star . wouldve been 0 if possible
 Size was too small . I ordered the size I have bought in similar suits yet this one was very small . I had to return it .
 This swimsuit has faded completely after 2 weeks of wear . I am very unhappy with the wear and would not suggest anyone buying it . I have been swimming for 20 years and never had a suit fade this badly !
 The Bean is a neat exercise item -- or would be if it did n't LEAK ! Mine lasted about two weeks until it sprung a hole right along a seam . Tried to fix it with the included vinyl patch material , but it wo n't hold airtight . Thing stays inflated long enough to use , but it 's a pain to have to pump it up every single time.Deal was pretty good ... but wound up being not so great due to poor product quality .
 The Bean seems to be an excellent work out tool but ours broke the first week we had it . The included repair tool did not work so we 're out $ 50 .
 Once I figured out how to inflate The Bean , it was a great item . It felt good to use and helped stretch out my back . But , after using it only 3 days , a hole developed in a seam and the patch would not fix it . Bummer .
 While I see a lot of people have had trouble with their Bean holding air , I have n't had that problem . Mine has been inflated since mid May and I have n't had to put any air in it since . My problem seems to be that if I do n't really concentrate on the move , I 'm not really getting anywhere . I still think nothing beats the old standard manual exercises - crunches , etc. . I would n't purchase it again , but I do still use it once a week - with concentration .
 I bought this product , actually I TRIED to buy two . The first one leaked and I could n't inflate it . I never did find out where it leaked from . The second one came with a big hole in the part that was folded in during shipping , must have come from the factory that way . I gave up . Amazon was very good in retuning my money .
 I borrowed this from someone , box unopened . -LRB- They received it a couple of months ago . -RRB- At first , I thought it was a good alternative to a fitness ball because of its stability . I was able to do many exercises that I ca n't perform on the fitness ball , for example the `` Superman , '' and I figured it would be a great way to build up to more demanding exercise . Plus , I hate getting down on the floor to do ab exercises.I was even considering buying the deluxe version . But in less than two weeks , it 's gone completely flat . By contrast , my fit ball , which was filled well over a year ago , is a little squishy , but still perfectly usable .
 I bought the bean about a month ago and I am soooooooooooo unhappy with it it is so hard to keep your balance and maybe it is made for petite people because even my 14 year old brother could n't use it well his about 5 ' 9 and my youngest brother who is 5 ' 2 used it just fine . I am 5 ' 7 and the movements feel very awkward , I use it for a foot rest and a lounge chair . Please save your money .
 The Bean slides all over the floor/mat/carpet ; it also tips over ; basically , it felt very unstable . The instructions on the video are not clear enough ; nor are the visuals repeated long enough to learn . Finally , I felt nothing in my workout -- just rocking along with no feeling in the abs , legs , etc. . I work out in a gym , so I 'm used to a great session and knowing I have worked out ; I wanted to try this for at-home exercising to supplement . Instead , I gave it away and use workout videos . Save your money .
 You can buy the Multi Flex Core Home Gym for anywhere between $ 29.95 to $ 59.95 -LRB- plus shipping and handling of approximately $ 12.00 -RRB- . It does exactly the same thing as The Bean , but with many advantages . First is the price , as I 've already mentioned . Secondly , it 's made of metal and plastic , thereby getting past the most mentioned problem of The Bean -LRB- losing air , total deflation because of rips or holes -RRB- , and last of all , you can grasp the sides with your hands to remain steady or not slip off -LRB- another problem people have with The Bean -RRB- .
 The Bean Deluxe arrived with a hole & the included the patch kit worked fine . I also topped the air via large spout & it held the air without a problem . I purchased my Bean Deluxe the end of February used it 5-10 times a week & by May it totally lost it 's shape . The Bean Deluxe is definitely easier on the back & neck ; however the product needs to be updated as I will not spend $ 50 + every 3 months to add to a landfill . I will research other products .
 I bought the bean for a back injury thinking it would be a great tool to help me recover . I blew it up it went down in 10 min . I blew it up again by morning it was flat . This could have been a great tool . I know because it is my second one . The first one I broke on a sharp object . I read the reveiw by the rep for green house . Lets put that to the test see if they are really that great . Oh and by the way I work for a major mediacl facility that employs a pain managment doctor and 2 phy theropy dept. I was looking forward to letting them know about my progress if any with this.Thank YouMargo
 I have to admit that this was a very good idea in principle , and the items you get in the package are impressive
 I purchased The Bean Deluxe earlier this year after watching the infomercial late one night -LRB- or early one morning depending on how you look at it -RRB- . In theory , it appeared to be a great solution for doing crunches for people like me who have chronic low back pain . But in reality , the quality of the product fell short of my expectations.Customer Service : The first thing that put me off was the pushy sales rep who really tried to make a hard sale on additional items EVEN after I stated at the beginning of the call that I was only interested in The Bean Deluxe . Following the call , I emailed the company to offer some constructive criticism about my phone experience and to their credit , I received a quick response and an apology.Quality of the product : Initially , I was impressed with The Bean because it was very easy to set up and I got a pretty good workout and best of all , my back did n't hurt . But after only a few uses , I noticed that The Bean kept deflating.Although it came with a repair kit which solved the problem for a short time , I was a little disappointed that it was already showing signs of wear . I ultimately stopped using The Bean because I did n't want to have to patch it every other time I used it . On a positive note , it makes a great conversation piece AND doubles as a magazine table !
 This one frustrates me so much cause it keeps deflating even if i just replaced mine , it cant find the hole neither can i figure our why it wont hold its air inside but its frustrating to keep pumping it during workouts .
 I love the original bean ... the one pictured , but what I received was a light blue color and the bigger one which is too hard for me to use , because I am short !
 The snap on this handcuff case wo n't stay closed . As such , i 've lost my cuffs twice while running to stat calls .
 this product shrinks with washing . can buy the same quality at discount store . would not recommend
 The digital side of the board is great , but sadly little else can be said about this dartboard . It is a lot of money , and the dartboard I received had a lot of dead spots right out of the box . There were some zones on the board that could not be triggered even by a person striking the plate instead of a dart striking it . Was so disappointed with the quality I received I decided to go the refund route and look for a different dartboard instead of replacing this one , so keep that in mind reading this review . Only dealt with one of them , but that was enough for me . I have read enough other reviews with similar issues on this board that I did not want to play the replacement game .
 This is hard to explain , but my reason for 2 stars is based on feel . The Cricket Pro just has a plastic , cheap feeling . The reason I bought it was becasue it has 4 displays for cricket . The bulls eye that spins is absolutely ridiculous and makes it feel even cheaper . Halex is better built and I like the sound when it hits the board .
 I bought a pair to try out because they were so cheap . I got what I paid for . The chamois was smaller than other bike shorts and it barely covered my equipment . In addition the chamios was not nearly the thickness and quality of the more popular brands like Pearl Izumi or Cannondale . It that enough bad news ? It got worse . When my wife washed them , the black bled into my other clothes . I am amazed that there are people who like these shorts unless I got a factory second . I bought them from the manufacturer on eBay .
 i followed the sizing chart on the page . said i should get a medium according to my waist size . they got here real quick . but they are unbearably tight in the crotch . like , `` ruin your day '' tight . they were cheep and i took a chance , but i think I 'll be spending a little more at a bike shop or sporting goods store from now on just so i can try them on first . and I 'll probably look at the baggy short style . was planning on just wearing them under a pair of normal cargo shorts -LRB- was n't ready to be `` that guy with the really tight shorts '' yet -RRB- but i regret even trying . well , live and learn i guess .
 I bot the `` long '' version of this short . The quality is o.k. , however the pad is thinner that the pad on the Performance Ultra my short of choice . I 'm really writing this review to warn you of Aero Tech . They do NOT stand behind their products . I bot another product from them that was defective . I returned it with an explanation ... no answer . I wrote to them again ... NO ANSWER . So good luck to you if you buy from them . You 'll need it .
 I typically purchase shorts that are under $ 50 -LRB- end of season sales , etc. -RRB- . I purchased these without knowing much about the brand , but liked the price . The fit and comfort are OK , but the stitching on the leg was poorly done . I would recommend finding a name-brand short on sale for $ 10 more .
 It seems no matter what size you buy , they strangle your legs and I have skinny legs ! What 's with that ? I do n't know if they try these on actual people before putting them on the market .
 The pant properly fits , but then noticed some transparency developed . Beside that the padding does not look like will protect for a long time . Sent it back , they refunded me .
 No waist drawstring . Very thin butt pad . No key pocket . If you are a boney ass like me ... buy some thing with a cushion . They do seem well made otherwise .
 The pad in these pants is very thin and overall the material quality does not appear very high . I would recommend going with a higher quality pair -LRB- such as the Pearl Izumi Quest -RRB- if you plan on riding longer than 20 miles at a time .
 Just received the shorts tonight and went out for a quick one hour ride . The padding is thinner than anticipated and does n't come up the back side very high - about mid-butt is all . It was n't comfortable walking around in them as I always felt like they were out of place . On the bike , they felt much better . After the ride , I felt the raw , sore inner thighs I endured before I broke down and bought biking shorts -LRB- maybe not quite as bad -RRB- . I 'm comparing these shorts to a $ 45 pair I purchased at a national chain sporting goods store . Given the choice again , I would have spent the extra $ 10 and got something higher quality .
 I do like the dart board and its features . The problem is that after about a months worth of use the panels on the board are breaking . One I can understand but when 5 have broken in less then 2 months that is not what I would call a quality product . I have contacted the company 3 times about part numbers to replace the panels but I have gotten no reply . I am disappointed in the service that I have received from the company.March 8 , 2012I again contacted the company with no luck on getting my issue resolved . Their are problems with player being skipped or some of the electronics not working properly . All of the red segments encased in the inner circle are borken and some of the triple and double segments are broke . It is a nice board but it it not long lasting . I do not recommend this board . DMI Sports attempted to help but then dismissed me as a customer and is no longer in contact .
 Product was returned as defective . Suspect very poor manufacturing quality control -LRB- China -RRB- as game would reset every time after throwing a few darts .
 I started using this board right away . We got about 3/4 way through cricket and game reset . Started again and the same thing happened again and again . So I returned it and asked for a refund .
 It was good for a couple of weeks , then I started having problems that continue to now . After fifteen or twenty darts , the game just resets and deletes all progress , making it impossible to actually use the electronic system . The board itself is fine , but it is prone to a lot of bounceouts.Other than that , the darts are terrible , but I expected that and was n't counting on them . I did , however , expect a basic functionality in the board itself , and it is really frustrating that it was so quick to break .
 I was n't really impressed with this dart board . It did everything it said it would , but i was n't impressed by the way the darts hit the board . I should have spent more money to get a better one .
 this product was a disappointing.it was not tournament quality . it was more like a toy and the heckling feature was very annoying . we sent it back .
 We purchased two of these for our grandsons , ages 4 and 7 . OK , grandkids loved all the `` stuff '' that came with it , but we ended up exchanging one of the rods on the same day we bought it , for another one of them since it would hardly cast out . After fishing with these for a few days , here are the pro 's and con 's . Pro 's
 I bought this kit for my grandson . The first time I took him fishing with it , the rod came apart when he was casting and half of it ended up in the lake , lost . Perhaps it should have been tightened down before use but there were no instructions to that effect so this was a bad purchase .
 We went fishing and couldnt put it together.When we finally put it together the thumb button wouldnt work and the spincast was broken.DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!
 My son broke this rod within the first 2-hrs he was using it . To be kid friendly , it needs to be made a little better .
 I purchased this as a first time rod for my 10 year old . He and my husband went fishing and after casting it the third time it broke . My ten year old was destroyed .
 The product contains a warning label indicating that the product contains materials known to cause birth defects . Returned without opening . Buyer beware .
 This is a great brush , and I liked the shape and the handle . However , it broke pretty easily . The handle snapped off where it meets the brush : -LRB-
 I bought this product in March 2009 . It was accurate and stayed put on my clothes . The problem came when the battery ran out in October 2009 . The instructions for opening the case do n't work . After much effort , I succeeded in getting the case open ... and simultaneously broke the clip off .
 First of all this is a cheaper -LRB- somewhere around $ 12 -RRB- than the one pictured . The one shipped to me was a Timex , blue plastic from Pro Sport Watches.As a matter of fact , the belt clip -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- broke off yesterday . Is there any way I can get reimbursed ?
 Read the previous negative reviews and add that I ordered one switch that did not work upon installation , and the second one would not work either .
 This is a completely worthless object ! It does not come with any mounting hardware and is almost impossible to fit and hook up the wires !
 Obviously the people at RigRite have never even installed this item themselves .1 . It is LONG - you need over 31/2 '' of clearance behind your dash to make this fit ... did not fit on any of the boat I work on .2 . Do n't be fooled by the front label - it is only a thin adhesive film and is NOT a mounting bracket . YOU will need to make one YOURSELF because it comes with absolutely NOTHING ! 3 . If you resolve problems 1 and 2 , then break out the soldering iron because that 's the only way you will ever hook the wires up properly .
 I have been looking forward to trying this product out for a long time . Searched several vendors and this was definately the best price . The hammock seems very functional , the fault I find is that when I slept in it the first night it was just too tight . I am not a extra ordinarily large guy , 6 ' 2 ' about 200lbs but this hammock just needs to be wider and longer by about 6 '' each to really make a decent night sleep . While a shorter person may benefit more I find this a bit small for a good night 's rest .
 Out of the four I bought for our boat , one was inoperative and two were too noisy and by noisy , I mean that you can hear it over 60 feet away.Compounding the cheap Chinese manufacture of the vents is that Marinco makes it overly diffucult to return them item even though the ones they shipped were defective - Read form letter which contains denial of any problem with vents , print this , fax that , and then mail vent at my cost back to Marinco.In other words , I paid for the price of the vents plus shipping , plus shipping back to Nicro/Marinco for the three defective ones plus shipping again to me for the replacements . Then , one of the replacements was also defective.So I took a close look at the defective replacement and noticed that the fan blade was a simple and weak push on fit to the motor shaft . The manufacturing and design problem Marinco faces is that there is no stop to prevent the fan blade from being pushed on too much toward the motor . When that fraction of an inch push on occurs the fan blades impact the motor housing causing noise and/or inoperation . Unfortunately , the push on fit is not quite enough friction to hold it , the action of the blade in it 's normal operation causes the blade to want to migrate toward the motor housing and in shipping and handling the blade is all too exposed and liable to be pushed . If only the designer had spcified some sort of `` stop '' on the motor shaft or a simpler longer shaft ... Of all the equipment I have bought for our 46 ' Catamaran -LRB- and there has been over $ 200,000 worth -RRB- , my purchase of the four vents from Nicro has been the most unsatisfactory . I ca n't help comparing Nicor with Caframo who immediately rushed me a new fan when one of their 8 that I bought was defective . I did n't even had to return the bad one and their fans were 1/2 the cost of these vents . . Also rather than denying the problem , Caframo was incredibly interested in learning
 First of all i was sent the incorrect size by the vendor , but other than that the quality of the cap is really low , i ended up buying a dakine one at a local surfshop and its a different story quality / materials wise.Not recommended .
 Did n't even work ! The top piece that holds the cards in place was severely warped , making it impossible for cards to run through the shuffler . Not only that , it 's also loud ! There 's no way you could talk to someone while this thing is running.This shuffler is also extremely expensive despite being made of cheap/thin plastic and being an absolute eyesore . My mistake for paying a few extra dollars for quality on a product with zero reviews !
 The hose worked as planned , but after a year of use after being left in our motorhome through the winter , corrosion must have weakened the nut weld and is just split . This happened while we were 150 miles away from anywhere , leaving us without our stove . I would recommend taking it off the appliance after use and keeping it away from corrosion . The copper nut should have been stronger then it appears .
 I just purchased 3 of these to put on a brand new 24ft bowrider . Probably could have used 1 more , but that was not the problem . First off , I bought them for several reasons
 Made kind of cheap but they do the job . I like that they are flat and less likly to harm my boat when I bump the dock .
 These looked like a great idea . Turns out they 're not . The eye you run the rope thru tore out on my first use . I 'm going to go back to the old style round fenders . When you bump against the dock with the round fenders they roll . This one just pulls on the rope until it tears .
 The picture shown is of a hobby box which contains 24 packs but that 's not what they are selling . They are only selling individual packs with 8 cards per pack for over five dollars which is a rip off . I made the mistake of buying this product and I do n't want other to make the same mistake I made . By the way you can get individual packs at places like Target for $ 2.99 .
 This is one of my first reviews for any product . I guess , as the saying goes that bad news gets reported more often than good news . I like the look and weight of this watch and even the band is top notch . However , I received my watch with the little `` Invicta '' sign on the face of the watch broken . I guess that it became lose during shipping and it just floats inside of the face of the watch . It prevents the hour , minute , and second hands from turning . I do not believe that the watch was used since it looks brand new . Also , I do not blame Amazon in anyway for this and I am glad that they are indeed allowing me to return it . I have ordered many items from Amazon and 3 other watchs from them and I am very happy with both their service and prices.In short , I do not know if this was just one bad watch from Invicta but it scared me off the brand and their quailty control . I do not think that I will be buying another watch from said brand until they get their quailty up .
 I deleted my other review of the watch . The reason is , my watch has gone dead after wearing it six times casually . I was very skeptical of Invicta to start with . Especially with it 's horror show customer service . Spend a few extra bucks , get a Seiko , Citizen , etc. . I bought one other Invicta about eight years ago , it turned out to be junk too . Took a chance and lost . Think I will wear my Seiko Monster today , it 's a quality watch , not Chinese junk posing as a Swiss watch .
 Keeps the drinks chilled but not coldWhat do you expect for $ 20bucksWould no buy again.Would go for the more traditional fridges
 These seats are an economy seat ; however , the construction of the seat is very light weight and flimsy . The listing does not indicate that the seats have a 200 pound capacity rating which is probably why they are warranted for so long . After installing them on the pedestals it was very apparent that the seat bases were not stiff or supportive and had a pressure point in the middle that you could feel through the cushion . Also the flexing of the seat back was pretty severe .
 This is a great seat , very comfortable but not for salt water use.Staples and fasteners were used in construction that is not stainless steel or copper if you need it for a river boat then it might stand up longer .
 Do not waste your money on this one . Champion Men 's Cap Sleeve Raglan T-Shirt , Oxford Gray/Navy , X-Large .
 I 'm not sure if my daughter is just too small for this trike but she is having such a problem with it . She is now 23/4 and her legs reach the pedals fine but its just such a big and heavy trike . It looks cute and it is very safe but the wheel base is so broad and moving it around is work . It may work better for an older child
 We recieved this red Schwinn Roadster in a timely manner . However , in putting this together we noticed a number of flaws ... more than just imperfections . The decals are all very noticeably off center . The left wheel appears to be angled/inverted . Also , we 've even already noticed gross paint flaws . Sadly , I also have serious doubts about the durability of the untreated wood on the back . What I do like about this is that it was very easy to put together and will grow with our son . If he had not yet seen this , however , I would glady send it back for something of better quality . I would not reccomend this to a friend .
 I read a bunch of reviews where people complained about the quality of the bike , but it looked so nice on the picture ... When I received it , I wish I trusted those reviews . It 's very cheaply made . One tire was already patched with some glue , and all three were deflated . I tried to inflate them and noticed that one back tire was not even sitting on the rim and I could not do anything to fix it . The ornament on the bike is actually not painted but rather slapped on with a sticky painted tape . At first I thought it was a protective film over the paint , but NO , it was the `` paint '' . I am returning the bike !!
 We purchased two of these . They rusted within one month of purchase . Unfortunately we were just past the Amazon return window when I decided to try to exchange them.We leave it outside because I 'm not going to lug two tricycles from the back patio around the house to the garage every day . We also leave our Schwinn bikes outside , and they do n't rust.If it rusts within one month where we live -LRB- San Diego , a dry climate without one day of rain in that month -RRB- , I could n't imagine what they 'd look like in a year or two.Of course the kids did n't mind the rust . But the trikes were so heavy they never learned to pedal them . One day at a friend 's house they both started pedaling a different trike around like mad . I sold the Schwinns on Craigslist for $ 20 .
 When conducting an internet search for an American made Tricycle this one is advertised as American Made . When it arrived the box is marked designed in the USA and made in China . If you are looking for an tricycle manufactured in the USA this one is not despite the claims posted all over the internet .
 The quality of the construction was poor . I would not recomend this to anyone .
 I loved the look of this trike and got it last Christmas 2010 for my 2-year-old . A year later she still can not reach the pedals . She sits on it and scoots around sometimes . While it looks awesome and is well constructed , it is just too big and heavy . My five-year-old can pedal the tricycle , but of course she would rather ride her bike or scooter . I would NOT buy this again . I wish I had seen it in person and would never have bought it . My daughter is in the 90th percentile for height and weight for a girl her age .
 I got this tricycle for my child 's third birthday thinking that we 'd enjoy it for a long time . It was covered in rust before she ever got the hang of it . The bike looked fun and the fact that it is low to the ground and supposedly less likely to tip influenced my purchase . She is petite and could just get it moving with some assistance . The tricycle rusted out before my child had time to grow , however , and it now sits waiting for the dump .
 My son loved the bike . It was easy for him to ride . Not as well made as one would expect from Schwinn . The seat and pedals needed replacement twice , and now need them again . We also had the fork on the front snap in two . Think twice before purchasing this bike .
 Bought this trike for my boy for the holidays and it was missing all the assembly hardware , nuts , screws , collars , valve caps , etc. . So thanks to Schwinn 's poor quality control , my boy gets a lump of coal for the holidays . Gave this toy 5 stars for educational value , I learned my lesson about Schwinn , hopefully you wo n't have to.Amazon was awesome about making the return easy .
 I read lots of the negative reviews here and hoped my experience would be different . The appearance seems nice so far , but we 've yet to try it out . Trike came out of box missing all three valve stem caps and all three tires were completely flat . I am waiting to give this to my son for a Xmas gift so I ca n't comment yet on its actual performance . I just hope the tires will hold air once I find valve stem cap replacements.The smell of this trike is enough to have made me not buy it . I do n't even want to think about what kind of chemicals must have been used on this thing . I had trike in a very large room when I was assembling it and I literally had to open the windows because it smelled up the whole room . The odor in the room remained even days after the trike went into the garage . That ca n't be healthy.Appearance = good . Smell , three flat tires , missing parts = very bad .
 I thought Schwinn it an good quality brand but I was wrong on this one . There are two things about this product I do n't like . First of all this one made in china so the part did n't fit in together as well as it should -LRB- safety concern -RRB- both of the nuts that hold the back wheel together it only go halfway in . Second of all the two rear fenders are rusted if it came in contact with water .
 As some other reviewers have mentioned , this bike has horrible chemical fumes . When I opened the box I was overwhelmed by the fumes . Even after putting the bike together -LRB- with my windows open -RRB- and storing the bike in the garage for 2 weeks to `` air out '' , the bike still emits a strong chemical smell . The bike is obviously off-gasing chemicals in a similar way to a new car . I have noticed that the chemical smell is lessening over time but it is still strong . I will only allow my son to ride this bike outside and I will only store the bike outside or in the garage as a result . It is a shame that this bike emits such strong chemical fumes as it really is a beautiful and functional bike . The center of gravity is low , the bike is very stable and it moves well . My 21 month old son loves this trike . He does not pedal it yet but can ride it quite well by putting his feet on the ground and `` walking '' the bike forward . My son also can easily steer , turn and back up on this bike . I will keep the bike because of these qualities but I would recommend to only purchase this bike if you are going to only use/store it outside or if you can buy it and wait a long time for it to off-gas before using it indoors .
 We received this product in a timely manner and went about assembling it . There were 2 huge problems
 What else can I say ? My 3 year old son is big ... has been in the 95th percentile for height and weight since birth . He 's never been able to ride this thing comfortably . This is my first review on Amazon and I 'm doing it because I feel strongly about this item . Out of the box it 's beautiful ... it could not look any cooler and my son was jumping up and down . You want it to be as fun as it looks but the reality is that it 's just way too heavy . Not fun , never used . End of story .
 Overall , I love this tricycle for my daughter.But , we have encountered one major problem that is making me rethink this purchase . My daughter rode the bike for a bout a week when we got a flat in the rear tire , where the brass vavle stem meets the inner tube . I have been trying to find a replacement inner tube for the rear tire for the past month . The 10x2 inner tube is almost impossible to find , and the one or two places that might have them want more than $ 20 each!I was originally going to get two more of these for my younger twin daughters next year , but until I work out this tire problem , that 's not going to happen !
 I received this trike with 3 flat tires . The 12 inch tire tube needed to be replaced . The valve in the other two tires were defective and had to be replaced .
 I got this bike for my grandson , because I believed in the Schwinn name . It is beautiful to look at but all the tires were flat when it arrived in the box -LRB- some assembly required -RRB- . I figured that they were shipped flat on purpose and pumped them up on Christmas eve . Christmas morning the big tire was flat again , I pumped it up again but before he could ride around the Christmas tree it was flat again !!! Ever try to get a patch kit , or a tube , or customer service on Christmas Day HA HA HA ! Fortunately he had other things to play with but here it is mid january and he still ca n't ride it !!!
 I purchased 2 of these for my almost 3 year old twins . One of them works perfectly and my first girl loves it . But the other one does not work . The rear wheels do n't spin and the poor girl was trying and trying to pedal , but could n't . My big clue was when I put her on a hill and the thing would n't even roll downhill ! I turned both trikes over and tested the wheels spinning in the air . One set of rear wheels would spin 6 revolutions but the other set of rear wheels would only spin 3 inches . Now one twin thinks she is just no good at the tricycle and ca n't understand why her sister rides hers around with no problem . I am writing to Amazon to see if I can return or replace the defective one.Jennifer
 I bought this trike for my toddler 's 2nd birthday . I was so excited about it because it 's pretty cool looking and rides very well ! However , the intense chemical smell was a deal breaker . I will be returning it . The smell was so strong that I could only be in the room with it for a short period of time . I did a little research and it turns out there are approximately 70 chemicals that off-gas from tires ,4 of which are known to cause birth defects . What a terrible thing to discover when I 'm 5 weeks pregnant . Why are corporations allowed to put these chemicals in our children 's toys ? I 'm very disappointed and angry .
 Wondering why the price is so high on these when target and walmart are selling them for $ 69.99 . why does the maker have the prices so high ...
 The chrome fenders were rusted right out of the box . All tires were flat . I read reviews before buying , so I knew to check the rubber strips between the rims and the tubes . They were in there , but not centered properly over the spoke ends . Did n't seem to be any damage to the tubes though . Probably because they were never inflated or ridden on.While inflating , I noticed the rear tires did not fit the rims properly . It 's as if the tires are too large in diameter for the rims . It 's nearly impossible to properly seat the tire beads on the rim because of this . If you 're not careful , the tube will pop out from between the tire and the rim when you pump it up .
 I ordered the red Schwinn retro-roadster trike for my son 's 2nd birthday in spring 2009 . We were disappointed to unbox it see a scuff in the paint all the way down to the metal on the underside of the frame under the seat -- probably happened during shipping from CHINA . Initially , we did n't think the overall quality was that bad , although I could tell it was n't like the really nice Schwinn I had as a child . However , in the ensuing year , even with keeping the trike inside the house , the varnish on the wooden deck on the back is flaking off . It was virtually impossible to get the steering column/handle bar joint really tight , and now the cheap plastic collar will keep almost no tension on the joint between the handlebar post and the frame -- my son gets really frustrated when he ca n't steer it b/c the handlebars are very crooked , and I have to stop and align it every few minutes . I personally would rather have paid more and gotten a real metal cuff that would hold more tension on the joint . Your house will also suffer many dinked door frames and wall corners because there is a nut on the rear wheel axle that sticks out and demolishes right down to the base paint . Also , my son really has n't ridden this trike that much , as he got a bicycle w / training wheels that Christmas , so it 's not like it 's worn out at all . In fact , we periodically have tried to hide the trike in the garage and eventually hope to `` disappear it . '' Overall , after owning this trike for over a year , I would NOT recommend it , as it is frustrating for both kids and parents ! With the steering-wheel defect , it 's virtually unrideable and a waste of your hard-earned $ !
 I purchased Schwinn 's Roadster Trike primarily because of it 's wide wheel base and low center of gravity.There were many things wrong with the unit , some of them more important than others.The important bits : The unit could not be assembled beyond step one in the instruction booklet because a bolt on the rear wheel and deck assembly was off center . Also , none of the wheels would spin properly . That is ... warped wheel rims and substandard tires were at issue.Less important -LRB- but still irritating -RRB- bits : The handlebars are not true . One of the acorn nuts at the end of the rear axle was broken . The fenders were painted poorly . The metal trim around the little wooden step/deck has surface rust . The pinstripe fender decals -LRB- no they are not painted -RRB- as well as the seat 's logo and small `` Schwinn Quality '' sticker on the main frame are askew and/or wrinkled.To the company 's credit , they were both prompt and polite when contacted about `` the important bits '' . They were nice enough to overnight the necessary components to make the trike complete . Nice folks , but they need to enforce a little quality control where it matters.While this is mainly a metal trike , there are enough plastic components about the wheel axles and elsewhere to make one wonder how long it will be before another phonecall to the company is needed.Would I buy this again ? No . Sadly , I would not . There were too many flaws in the manufacture to recommend this product to anyone . For the money spent , I had hopes for something better than this .
 This is a really nice trike and my son loves it , but BEWARE of purchasing this item from Amazon ! The tricycle I received had obviously been returned because the box had tons of tape on it . Not surprising that the tricycle has a defect that makes it unrideable . Hopefully at my local bike shop I can find a replacement front tire -LRB- tire 's too big for the wheel and thus wo n't inflate properly -RRB- ... or the same tricycle without the defect . Either way I 'm out at least the cost of shipping it back to Amazon .
 I like the bike , however the package came beat up and the bike was damaged . The paint is scratched and the back fender was really dented . Normally I would let these things go , but it was really dented and I have n't heard back from anyone on the matter as to how to handle .
 Since I had my say about Champion 's Cotton workout pant ... tell you my thoughts on these . I love them , BUT ... if you work out alot -LRB- and not just when you 're sweaty -RRB- you will leave a damp spot that takes 20-30 seconds to evaporate ... in the exact dimensions of your bottom equipment . Guess because they do n't absorb dampness , just transfer it . As a shirt...Dri-Power ca n't be beat .
 The fabric is great but the pants are too long -LRB- ca n't hem length since zippers on leg -RRB- and the waist tie rope is too short -LRB- or maybe I 'm too fat -RRB- .
 My son received this for his birthday and was very excited . It is a great idea and he enjoyed playing with it , BUT ... after a few hours of throwing the LAX ball at the targets it started getting holes in the tarp . The original target had a line of the laminate come off the tarp when we unfolded it from the box , so we sent one back . The second target had similar problems , although not as severe , when we unfolded it from the box .
 The idea is great , but it was a waste of money . It 's just not realistic as far as maintenance and keeping it out of the way .
 Would be nice to get a ball that is as pictured ... I thought I made a mistake , but clearly , the product page shows a black/green ball . Not going to bother returning . Too much hassle .
 Ordered this ball which appears green & white and got a pink ball - needless to say my two boys are not thrilled .
 This may be a great soccer ball , but the colors shown are dark blue , green , and red . We received the ball today , and it is white and pink ! The ball is for a boy , and somehow I have a feeling he will not like a pink one . I know I could return the ball , but I ordered a different one from a different vendor.If there are other colors of the ball , and there is no choice as to what one receives , please show ALL the colors . If I had known there was a possibility of getting a pink one , I would NEVER have ordered this ball .
 The ball is fine , but it 's pink . It appears from the other messages that you are buying a pink ball . If you want a pink ball , then this is perfect .
 First of all , the face is not as deep a color as it looks on Amazon , it is more of a bright purple color . Second , mine arrived with the word `` nvicta '' on the dial , apparently somebody forgot to glue the `` I '' on ! And third , the date magnifier looks like a piece of plastic that is glued to the glass . Definitely not worth the money .
 I had to have the watch repaired within one week of ownership after the band broke , month two and the watch band has broken again . It looks great ... but is poor quality .
 Do not waste your money on this one . Champion Men 's Cap Sleeve Raglan T-Shirt , Oxford Gray/Navy , X-Large .
 this does NOT have a `` solid pine cabinet '' anything ... . it is a metal or something-under-wood-like-wallpaper-covered-outer-doors exterior ... this does not have one piece of wood in it ... and the doors do NOT close ... the magnets do n't catch and the `` door knobs '' that came for it did not have any screw threads so we had to use gorilla glue to hold them on the outside ... of course we really do n't need the knobs since the door constantly swings open , on their own and the knobs are , therefore , useless ... plus the `` heckler option '' does not work - AT ALL ... we are at a loss for a replacement , since we are having a big party this weeekend and have no time to re-order a better model , or even a replacement piece of junk !!! do i sound upset ... gee i wonder why ... i have ordered from amazon for years and have never run into an item that was so mis-represented ... `` disappointed '' is a kinder , milder description ...
 Balls wax layer is too thin , easy to be scratched . Table brush leaves more dust when you brush the table . Cues ' pads are so hard and thin , very slippery when they hit a ball . Spent just a few more dollars and buy descent products . This set is a piece of junk .
 I purchased theis product to go with my sons snowboarding gear which this happened to be the last pair at this rate and quality , two day later I get a email telling me the gloves were out of stock and they are issueing me a refund , I suggest that they check their online inventory beofre submitting it to the internet .
 I bought 3 of these for my three ` soccer loving ' son 's as a gift from Santa this year . I love the idea of the product and the having the whole package but the soccer balls themselves are very cheaply made - 2 out of the 3 could not be inflated , they arrived with air leaks in them - do n't know if it is because of the stitching or if it is a puncture and the quality of the paints included are also very poor . Could n't even return them as they were from `` Santa '' . Let 's hope Santa does a better job next year .
 this product shrinks with washing . can buy the same quality at discount store . would not recommend
 This watch was sell by Amazon by $ 209.00 two months ago.They increase the price only because you are buying it!There are a better options at lower price.Dont ' t buy it until the sell it at real prices !
 bought this guy and use it on my leather jacket and the color faded creating a cut . the leather jacket i wore was brand new less than a week old .
 The basketball arrived flat . I was expecting to have it all aired up . It was not . I think this is a bad way to ship a ball . I have no idea how to air it up for my nephew . Not happy .
 This watch is too large for a woman 's wrist . The clasp was completely impossible to deal with . I returned it .
 The watch does not handle moisture very well at all . The face holds condensation for weeks before it evaporates . The wand is hard to use . It 's hard to change the date and/or time . It gets stuck and falls out when you try to pull it out .
 My Scott Ski Goggles were fine , for a while . But then the rubber rotted and they just fell apart ! That 's not what I expected from a supposedly high quality product . I contacted Scott , but they claimed it had been over exposure to the sun which caused the rubber to rot . It did n't impress them that none of the other goggles which I had kept as long or longer under exactly the same , well protected conditions did n't disintegrate like the Scotts did . The only time the Scott goggles were exposed to sunlight was when I skied , and that was not more than a few weeks a year . They just did n't care.I wo n't buy Scott products again .
 I ordered from this seller about 15 days ago , and I got nothing . I sent them 3 messages asking what was going on , and nothing . I filed a claim against them , and WOW my order is magically on it 's way ! Of course , this was AFTER I filed a claim against them . I do n't think Amazon should even allow such a poor company to sell stuff on this site . They are a poor excuse for a company , and I hope they fail .
 The edges of this magnet furl up like a fried oyster and thus provide poor adhesion to the metal surface . It would help if it were bordered by a black or white trim .
 Shipping and arrival of this was great . However , I cleaned the side of my wife 's car , it does n't fit on the back , and put it on . At some point in the first 3 miles of driving , locally , the magnet flew off and was lost within 5 hours of my wife opening it as a Christmas gift . I would not recommend this unless you are putting it on the rear of your vehicle or not on a car .
 * Read the instructions carefully * Loaded in my iPod * Checked CAREFULLY to make sure the o-ring was sealed * Latched the casing shut * Got in the pool * Swam 10 feet * iPod immediately flooded , and is completely destroyed
 Here 's the deal ... Bought this thing a month ago , unpacked it , put a tissue in it and put it underwater overnight , woke up to find a completely dry tissue after being submerged for 8 hours . So , I have been using it for about a month with my iPod Nano . Swimming laps , rockin ' out , makes lap swimming fly by.Then this morning I got in the pool at 5:30 , put on my headphones and began to swim ... by 5:32 my Nano was DEAD . I stopped and looked only to see my screen flashing , the case fill with water and my iPod die before my eyes -LRB- how dramatic -RRB- . After looking at the case , everything looked normal ! I am at a loss as to how water got into the thing , and the T seal was IN PLACE!Anyway , I do n't recommend this thing at all ! Very disappointing ! The only good thing about this is that it fried my little nano and not my huge 60 GB model that houses my entire music collection .
 I had a successful underwater test with a tissue in place of the ipod , I followed all the instructions , I checked my t-seal , I heard the `` click '' of the case closing , I swam two laps , and on the third one the music stopped because the case filled with water and my ipod had died .
 My H2O waterproof housing failed & flooded out after only 5 uses -- obviously ruining a $ 250 8GB Nano G2 . I think the gasket -LRB- that comes off and/or moves out of place VERY easily -RRB- shifted as I closed the case allowing water by . The Otter box I had was a little larger , but it would n't close unless everything was properly in place -- I should have gone with what worked instead of what supposedly worked better -LRB- they advertise 3M depth versus 1M for the Otter box -RRB- . By the way -- they do n't cover your iPod in their warranty , which should tell you something.Use the H2O headset , but stay away from this `` waterproof '' housing !!!
 I bought this since it was advertised by the manufacturer to be for 1-3 speed bicycles . However , upon open opening this product , I found that the chain did n't fit my 1-speed bike because it was 7-8 links short of meeting the manufacturer 's desription of how it should fit . Never buying Bell products again EVER !
 I too found this chain too short for a standard single speed cruiser bike . Very aggravating that they could not even provide enough links for a full size bike . Needed 52 '' , this one is 48 '' . All chains offered should have the length listed to prevent this problem .
 Not a bad idea until I set it up . The wind blue it away several times . Instructions were very limited . The catch for the balls blows around in the wind . I missed the catch a couple of times and the ball went through the netting.I expected more for the money .
 I bought these pellets for my .177 break barrel air rifle . I own a Remington Black Magic , manufactured by Crosman fitted with a CenterPoint Scope . The lead is too soft and they seem to have a ridge , or lip around the point that does n't allow it to fit into the barrel properly . The tolerance is so tight that attempting to load them into my gun proved useless . Feared I might damage my rifle using them . Funny that these .177 ` Crosman ' pellets do n't fit into my .177 ` Crosman ' rifle . What a shame . Defective .
 The pellets are cheap and wo n't fire out of my gun and just bend overall a horrible pellet would not consider buying again .
 Rather poor quality control . The pellets are just not the quality what is pictured . Some jam in my pistol which holds 8 pellets in each end of the clip .
 the can does not open , a car mechanic could not open it either using his strong hands , tools needed , inside what a disaster they are crocked bended pellets i do say almost 40 percentare bad the tip do not belive the picture does not look this pointydo not buy not even the 500 for a dollarthe CAN stuck again i will return or better place it in garbage
 I just purchased a new Gamo Whisper Deluxe .177 Air Rifle and also bought 6 different types of pellets to test and the Crosman .177 - Caliber Premier Super Point Pellets failed horribly with this air rifle . It hates these pellets . They were very tight when inserting them in the air rifle and would not hit a 2 '' target at 10 yards . I 've never seen so many flyers in one pack of pellets .
 i bought this thinking it would fit my Crosman Phantom 1000this product does not fit the gun ... waste of time and money.the pellets are too big ...
 This is a cheap fake katana ! The only reason I bought it was because I paid like 5 bucks for it !
 I have used it by keeping it plugged in all the time 24/7 and after over a month it has failed to catch even one fly . It is located in my kitchen where I kill a dozen flys each day with an old fashioned hand held flyswatter . So there are flys to be killed . I have a spider that lives at a corner of one kitchen window . He -LRB- I guess a male as there is no web built -RRB- He sits there and when a fly lands on the window he runs up and eats it . I ca n't recommend this `` Fly Killer '' product , but I would like to have more of these spiders . I counted more than 20 ` fly remains ' at his corner today.The device has killed maybe a dozen small -LRB- moth like -RRB- insects and perhaps 20 gnats . But no flys and it 's the flys that are the real pesky insects . I might try baiting the trap with a fly bait . It 's a glue trap , so I am confident that if they enter they will be trapped . So I will try to lure them in . If I find what works , I 'll pass it on to the manufacturer as a hint .
 After browsing Amazon for nearly an hour , this is the box I settled on . Imagine my disappointment when , 10 days after placing the order , I received the shipment and it is a completely different box ! Still Barbie , which I could actually care less about , but its not even what I wanted . I 'm new to online shopping so I 'm trying to figure out how to contact the seller .
 I was very dissatisfied this iteam was smaller than what they say it is . But there is nothing I can do but not buy them agen .
 As you can see by other customers reviews of this type of equipment Amazon has a problem they need to adress . The 109 lb . box was totaly destroyed before ever reaching me . UPS attempted to re-box it but I had no way of knowing if all the peices arrived intact , I had to refuse it .
 after 2 months the bike knocked so much i could n't hear the radio . this is my first schwinn . i have had two other makes of recumbant bikes which each lasted about 1 year . it appears they are all throw aways except this was the worst .
 Purchased this bike from Academy $ 349.99 . Drove the 80 miles one way to pick up at nearest store . Assembly was fairly straight forward , , Needed help from wife to hold a few things for me . Plastic cap on rear leg was broken . After assembly , plugged adapter in and wanted to test the bike ... NO POWER . Computer would not work . Disassembled mast , checked wiring , wiring OK , reassembled , still no power . Called Customer Service , waited 5 minutes on hold , no answer . Will be taking the bike back to Academy for full refund . Read several reviews where this bike was the bike to purchase ... WRONG ... . Will look at other brands now .
 Matrix and Maxim products are chinese junk , low in price , but not worth one cent.The sliding button lock is a rip off of Benchmade 's Axis Lock.do yourself a favour and buy the real thing.A good quality knife costs more than a few dollars .
 it is easy to be broken.very weakI did not know that this clipper is for animal .
 Concept in theory is good and I have read research that shows it `` may '' help decrease head trauma . My head measured 22.5 '' , the cut off for sm/med is 22 '' , I decided to get the large . I could n't get it to stay on , even with a ponytail which I would think would help hold it in place . I did n't wear it to play in because I had worn it for about 45 minutes just around the house to see if I could get it to stay , when I finally had it tight enough and in a position that it did n't slide up ... I took it off after about 15 minutes and man was it sore , right in the spot where you should head the ball . I will order the sm/med to see if it fits any better and do a review of it too .
 The head piece is what we ordered but does n't stay on my daughter 's head . It slips . We have tried many types and will need to search for something else that does not slip off .
 1 -RRB- Does not stay on2 -RRB- Does not protect fully from head injuries -LRB- only covers the front -RRB-
 Think parents - if football helmets do not protect against concussions - how could a sweat band with padding?Beware of products to reduce concussions , says NOCSAE -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I thought this would be a fun watch to have for summer and going to the beach . Boy was was I wrong . It is HUGE and ugly and looks like it should cost about $ 25 from some guy on the street . Do n't waste your money . I am returning mine .
 First , this ball is a kind of gross marbled yellow . Second , it 's not the kind of tough plastic that is normally used for these balls , it a weird , softer plastic that means every little thing it comes into contact with -LRB- fuzz , dirt , crumbs -RRB- sticks right to it -LRB- and I 'm an avid vacuumer !!! -RRB- . Third , the pump is also strange - it came new out of the box kind of greasy ??? Fourth , I would have just returned the stupid thing if the company did n't make it seem like it would be more money and effort than it was worth .
 Does not fit the queen size air mattress as it was advertised to do . A waste of my money ! Too bad . The concept was good .
 I was so excited to see this product but was really let down . It is very thin and scratchy . It did not fit on my air mattress as it had fitted corners . Was a great idea but a dud for me . I would not suggest it to my friends .
 Received and its a lot thinner than I thought . No bottom padding at all to keep the body warm.Also I am glad I unzipped it to look before I washed it , as it came with some kind of animal hair or strange fibers all on the inside -LRB- looked like black dog hair -RRB- . It washed well though , but do to the thin-ness of the bottom sheet underneath the zipped top , my guest used the whole thing as a padding to sleep on top of instead of inside -- so that kind of defeated its `` sleeping bag '' purpose
 Only the top of this items is like a quilted sleeping bag the bottom is thin course fabric .
 Hate when you get someone that last just long enough so it ca n't be returned . The watch worked for 30 days and just stopped working .
 The Nautica watch was suppose to be water resistant . I received it and everyone loved the look . We went on vacation the same week and by day 4 it had water in it . I returned it to Nautica and havent heard a word from them , it has been 3 weeks . The watch looks great , and did well at time keeping , but it did not hold up in the surf.Joe F
 I had to return this product . The seller understood . It was just way too small for anything . I highly recommend looking twice at the dimensions of this rucksack before purchasing it for books or anything . It is cute , but you might want to go with the bigger version . Thanks :
 Clearly this maker is suffering from inconsistent manufacturing . Let me start by saying that I 'm a BIG man , I bend metal with my hands for a living , I 'm no lilting flower . So when I say that I could only get the sip cap open with pliers , you should understand my full meaning.A tale of two bottles : bottle 1
 Was looking for a decent BPA-free water bottle that had a handle like this one . In design , this bottle is great , but when it finally arrived the bottle had a large hole in it . Kinda ' defeats the purpose of having a bottle if it 's just going to crack like that . I imagine it was either used , returned by another dissatisfied customer and then sent to me , god forbid . Or whoever was handling the packaging may have accidentally dropped it , which is more likely since the crack resembles the bottle was bashed in . Anyway , I do n't think I 'll end up ordering another one only because this bottle seems fragile , and it looks like one drop on the sidewalk , or even on the floor at work could mean shattering it . I would n't order this if I were you . : -LSB-
 The bottle that I received only lasted for a few times before the bottom crackedand started leaking . I too had a problem with sports top on it being hard to open.Don ' t try using your teeth or you 'll be heading to the Dentist office for repairs . . I did n't waste my time shipping it back because Amazon 's policy seems to be that theymay charge up to $ 3.95 for shipping of returns so I did n't see the point .
 I bought this less than 6 months ago , and it appears to be leaking . To be fair , I bring this everywhere , but it would be great if it was more durable . Also , this is probably the third one I have bought in my lifetime . I clearly keep forgetting , but this happened with the other ones I bought too . After a lot of use they getting little cracks and leak . Bummer . Wish I could find something this big that was more durable .
 pros
 This bottle looked good and we were quite happy with it as my daughter 's `` soccer-practice water-bottle '' for about 2 weeks until her coach -LRB- yeah , not gon na blame him -RRB- tossed it a few feet behind her while sending her out to the field.It was mostly full and no doubt that 's what caused it to crack wide open like an egg . No arguing it 's not designed to be tossed at all -LRB- which is why we did n't request a refund/replacement and sucked it up replacing it with a re-purposed Gatorade bottle -RRB- and it 's probably sturdy enough for you to take to Pilates , but just know it is somewhat brittle and breaks pretty easily when mostly full . For `` eight male deer '' or what-not when you read this , personally I 'd pass and pick up something else .
 After two uses the bottle sprung a leak the size of a pencil tip that resulted in a pretty annoying leak . The design looks nice but based off of my use of less than a day I would have to say I am pretty disappointed . I would return it but for an $ 8 product it is n't worth the hassle .
 At first i really loved this water bottle . However on my third use of it I gave it a little squeeze and the plastic dented in about a fourth of an inch creating a hole and rendering the product useless . What a waste of money ! The plastic used to make the jug is incompatible with the function its supposed to serve ; when you have a squeeze sports top you need to be able to apply slight pressure on the bottle to get liquid out ! For the price its a complete rip-off .
 I purchased this being uninformed about leeching . The bottle is made out of the precise type of plastic that is supposed to leech when heated and reused . At the bottom of the jug it says # 7 . Do your research carefully before choosing your water bottle .
 Really cheap , fragile plastic , it cracked during first use . Also , look at how many other reviews for this bottle include `` leak '' , `` break '' or `` crack '' . I now just re-fill an old 2 liter soda bottle , which is amazingly unbreakable plastic and 1/4 the cost .
 Mine arrived with a huge crack in the side . Does n't do you much good if it leaks all over you . It also seemed a lot more fragile than I expected . I 'll keep looking ... so frustrated !
 The opening does n't open ! I 've tried everything , and it just wo n't open . Do yourself a favor and pass on this . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered my BlueWave bottle in March and now in July is has a hole where the plastic comes together . It was used less than 10 times overall and always hand washed and dried .
 I just recently started taking a medication that requires me to drink ALOT of water . so i thought this bottle would do the trick . when it first came . . i loved it . until i started noticing black specs on the inside of the bottle . i put it thru the dishwasher twice and it was still there . i even ordered a Good Grips bottle cleaner brush to try and get at the spots , but they were n't accessible cause of the handle . because the handle is set `` inside '' the jug , there are parts of the handle and under the handle that a brush , no matter how hard you try , ca n't get to . so . . i hate to say it . . but this bottle is going in the trash .
 I bought this in order to use it regularly at the gym . Within three weeks , the bottle cracked and the company was n't willing to replace it because I had bought it from AMZN . Inasmuch , they told me to deal directly with AMZN . AMZN 's return policy had lapsed , so I 'm stuck with a defective bottle . Terrible product and even worse customer service .
 First off , there are some great things about this jug . The bottle itself is durable , and it does n't smell or taste like plastic . Also , the handle is sturdy and convenient.BUT -- at least on the jug I received -- the cap is basically unusable . the mouthpiece is really hard to open -- the only way I 've been able to open it is by biting and pulling it with my teeth ... not a safe method ! I thought that maybe it would get easier each time , but NOPE . I just tried it again this morning , and it 's still much too tight for use . Now I 'm just using it at home , where I can leave the cap open all the time . But for the car or the gym , or anyplace else you might need to close the cap sometimes to avoid leaks ? Fuhgeddaboudit .
 I bought this water bottle at Bed , Bath , & Beyond a few days ago -LRB- same price -RRB- . I realized it had a tiny hole in it when my t-shirt began to get soggy as I filled it . I 'm returning it tonight.Great theory -LRB- all your daily water in one receptacle -RRB- ; poor execution .
 On a health kick and trying to drink more water , I thought this bottle would be a good idea for me . Well maybe it would have been , but the &#34; sport 's bottle spout/cap &#34; simply would not open . There was another review about this issue , which I should have taken more seriously , but unfortunately I did n't . Now I am not the strongest person in the world , but that should not matter . EVEN WITH A PAIR OF PLIERS , I COULD NOT OPEN IT ! DO NOT BUY !
 A real colorful and flashy bike , however there were several things wrong with it .1 . the tires had so much excess rubber , it had to be trimmed or else it rubbed .2 . The back wheel had to be completely removed to loosen the bearings . If not done , the bike would basically come to a stop by itself .3 . the main -LRB- front -RRB- sprocket is slightly bent , so the chain falls off constantly .4 . the bike if VERY heavy . maybe that makes it sturdy , but it also makes it tough for a 4 year old to ride.I should have just bought a bike off the floor at Wal-Mart or Target for half the price .
 When these were actually in use on my bike they worked great ; the problem came when you wanted to take them off and disable the light to conserve batteries . The insides are loosely held together and you 'll have it come apart on more than one occasion , and once that happens the motion sensor works very spottily and will sometimes turn off mid-ride until you pop it open and reassemble it . There are better quality valve lights to be found in the same price range .
 In short , this item does not ship well . Our first shipment was in such bad shape we should have taken a video of it and posted it on YouTube . The box was severely damaged and parts of the bike were sticking out at weird angles . The first thing the UPS person said was , `` you probably want to refuse this . '' And we did . Amazon was great at shipping out another bike , but even that shipment was delivered in very questionable shape . At 130 pounds , this was no light shipment . After unpacking the bike is in surprisingly good shape . A couple slight blemishes , but nothing major so far . The problem here is that this is very heavy , and the box/shipping materials are not up to the job . I do n't see how this bike can be shipped via UPS without any damage.Oh , and because this is over $ 400 , Amazon will set up a signature requirement with UPS , so you have to be at home to take delivery.There are a couple things not included that you 'll need to assemble the bike . 1 -RRB- an adjustable wrench in addition to the wrench they supply , 2 -RRB- Some grease used as anti-seize , 3 -RRB- Schwinn brake bad lube . I had the first two , but do n't know what the third is , or where to get it . It would have been nice to have two little packages of grease and lube included with a $ 1000 bike.I 'll update the review with comments on the functionality of the bike after we 've used it for a couple weeks .2 stars because this is basically unshipable without a high probability of damage.Update : We 've had this bike for a couple years now and it 's working well . Perhaps a little louder than it should be , but everything works well . The minor damage in shipping is not noticeable - I have to search to find it now and often have a hard time finding it .
 I ordered this bike and after three days of staring at order status of `` This order is being readied for shipping and can not be canceled '' I emailed and asked why it was taking so long . Amazon canceled my order and I was forced to get in back of the line again . Amazon has truly gone downhill . I have been a customer for over 5 years and every time I place an order the service gets worse and worse . My advice is that you buy this bike somewhere else
 This is a beautiful jacket and it looks good on . It has one drawback and that is the bulk that is created around the neck area . If you are n't zipped up all the way , all of that extra soft padding bulks up .
 I purchased this seat to use in my kayak as I thought an inflatable one would be height adjustable . It turned out to be about 4 '' high when inflated , good for a fishing boat , but making a kayak very unstable . The product info did not indicate the inflated height . Slightly inflating it did not work either . I doubt if it will be used .
 The initial first impression was good , dense and heavy , feels good in your hands . But to my surprise after a few test swings , a light swing on the grass to test it 's durability caused it snap in half . Unacceptable , a real bokken can resist far worst pressure and come out with only a scatch . The item was refunded , but there are better options if you are searching for a suburito .
 The first one I received reeked of the finishing product that was used and was not straight . When held in the proper manner , the suburito curved to the left about 5 degrees . I contacted the seller and was shipped a replacement . The replacement suffered from the same curve but to a lesser degree . I have given up on this seller and will order from a more reputable martial arts supplier .
 For the first year hoop was excellent . After year one though product went down hill . started to rust horribly . rim started leaning and left a stain on the concrete . If you plan to only use it for a year I would get it anything over a year I would get another hoop .
 The overall construction of the item is good upon first impressions . I have had the BAsketball set for a few years now and it is garaged when not in use in the Winter . The metal pole and actual steel basketball hoop are rusting horribly . You have to be careful for staining on pool deck because of the large abmounts of dripping rust . The powdercoating finish not a lifetime poroduct . This is occuring in a regular pool and not caused by a salt based pool.I would not purchase this product again for the money and would look for something else .
 this is a very nice product , instructions to put together get a little confusing b/c they make it sound like there is 3 tubes , but there is only 2 ... it will take 2 people to put together , very nice product , metal hoop , big backboard , though the backboard is a little dead b/c not alot of support behind it , but overall a very nice product , now the test will be how it stands up to the florida sun and a salt system pool , i bought it b/c it says 5 year warrantee on everything , so as soon as it all starts rusting in 3 years i will send all those parts back ... time will tell , but right now this is a much better product then anything that doesnt come w/a true sized metal rimthis is a f/up ... well the hardware is already starting to rust , guess i need to go buy galvanized hardware ... about 2 yrs old now , all metal parts are totally rusted and falling apart and into my pool ... called the company and they are sending me all new metal parts , at least that is what i was told ... though they said rust was not covered under the warrantee so that is nice of them , but for $ 150 this thing should last longer than two years , the goal at my driveway has been there 10 years and i spent less money on it ...
 We bought this gift for our Grandson 's Christmas present . Two men struggled to get this assembled because one of the post was not manufactured properly and it would not slide into the other part . They had to use a sledge hammer to get it to fit ! Very disappointing . We would have returned it or called the manufacturer except it was Christmas eve .
 Do not purchase this product , unless you are a masochist and would like to waste an entire afternoon in frustration ! Instructions are not clear and parts are not labeled as to front-back or top-bottom . I 've had to undo several steps because of this . The worst parts were
 we filled base with water , base was leaking . one of the the parts behind the board was not aligned properly so we had to use a drill to make a new hole resulting in illfit . called lifetime customer service to send new base , they said they need pictures of the base leaking to prove it . then another associate said she did not need pictures and will send new base but never sent it . very poor customer service by lifetime .
 This is a beautiful jacket and it looks good on . It has one drawback and that is the bulk that is created around the neck area . If you are n't zipped up all the way , all of that extra soft padding bulks up .
 I bought this watch because I like the Nautica name and because I was looking for a stainless steel water proof watch that had an alarm . The other review of this watch is correct in that this watch is VERY hard to set . The other problem I have with this watch is the alarm is n't loud enough . I can hardly hear it . For the price I am disappointed and can not recommend this watch to anyone .
 I was rather excited to find someone still carrying these , and now I see why many people do not . Although it is listed as a Hiking `` Kilt '' , it has no pleats . It has the open end of the apron on the left -LRB- a kilt is on the right -RRB- . Ok , that I knew before I ordered it , but putting it on its obviously not originally designed for men , just modified and relabled.BEWARE , these run VERY small . I got an XL and I normally comfortably wear an L in any hiking shorts or pants . The XL was so small I needed to fit in a different belt . Also , articulation is very poor compared to hiking shorts or any kind of real kilt , if I try to step higher than two feet at a time it binds up pretty badly.On the plus sides it was cheap , and it is very light fabric . It keeps down well in the wind . It would be nice if it was n't so low at the hem though , even with the lightweight fabric its still warmer than my kilts because the hem is so low .
 Probably a great product , so if your a child , woman or man under 5 ' 7 and/or weigh less than 200lbs . . these probably work for you.I 've got quite normal legs , but for some bizarro reason , the XL size of these things is about 1.5-2 '' too small to close around my calf . Its not like I have Schwarzeneggeresque calf muscles . Seems to me OR is targeting the small folks for its products.I guess the rest of us do n't get to snowshoe . I 'd look for another make or try on a local product in person if you are over 5 ' 7 '' and/or over 200lbs . Crazy but true .
 Ok - here 's the skinny . The gun is junk . I bought two for my 8 year-old twin boys this Christmas 2012 . Both failed within 4 hours of opening ; the magazines were not properly locking into place , dropping down away from the receiver and causing the guns to jam . After disassembling them to fix , I find the magazines are held in place by a 4mm plastic post -LRB- friction fit -RRB- . Once removed and replaced 40 to 50 times the post snaps off , the magazine drops slightly , and the rubber bullets jam on cocking the gun . After telling the boys they need to flip the gun upside down so the magazine does n't drop out I see the barrel on one gun is wobbly . On disassembling , I see the plastic screw tang that secures the forestock -LRB- part where the palm of your hand rests -RRB- to the breech -LRB- trigger/lever part -RRB- is split . This ca n't be fixed so I end up gluing the whole thing together with plastic adhesive . Now they work but I 'm sure not for long . I see the stocks are also prone to snapping off . Do n't buy - just get a Daisy BB gun and when the kid is ready buy BBs for them . Really too bad since - when working - the gun is quite realistic and fires very accurately . Unfortunately the manufacture -LRB- Edison Giocattoli -RRB- elected to manufacture them with the absolute cheapest materials . They are crap and will disappoint . All of the reviews above are either bogus posts by the seller , or , they 've not used the guns for any length of time , or , Edison Giocattoli put out a more robust model prior to Christmas 2012 . Edison Giocattoli very well may build a more robust model since I 've seen some nice play guns come out of that Italian factory . The design is solid , the materials are crap . My hunch is they re-tooled the gun for the US market knowing they can sell the junk guns easily over in here since there is no other competition in the wussy , politically correct , US market place . In Europe there are a number of excellent toy gun manufactures . Merry Christmas - I 'm off to buy a couple of Red Rider Daisy 's .
 Probably a great product , so if your a child , woman or man under 5 ' 7 and/or weigh less than 200lbs . . these probably work for you.I 've got quite normal legs , but for some bizarro reason , the XL size of these things is about 1.5-2 '' too small to close around my calf . Its not like I have Schwarzeneggeresque calf muscles . Seems to me OR is targeting the small folks for its products.I guess the rest of us do n't get to snowshoe . I 'd look for another make or try on a local product in person if you are over 5 ' 7 '' and/or over 200lbs . Crazy but true .
 I carefully shopped for this watch . Called Invicta and was told that this watch that did not have the number 9310 -LRB- but began with 98xxx -RRB- had a Automatic Swiss Movement . It is my third Invicta watch . It did not have a automotic Swiss movement . In fact , it was a battery operated movement . The crystal was chipped , and I was so disgusted , I discarded the watch.I ordered another -LRB- different style -RRB- with an automatic -LRB- Japanese 21 Jewel -RRB- movement . It works fine and is a great watch for the price.Very disappointed with this shipment and the seller for the deception . I could have gone to J.C. Penney and purchased the same watch for a couple of dollars more.Lesson learned
 I got this as a birthday present a year ago . It 's a good looking watch , feels good on the wrist , and keeps good time . It gets five stars for that , loses three for the recent problems.However , mine died last week . It 's not a battery - an independent jeweler has verified that - so that means something more expensive.It carries a warranty , but they neglect to mention a small detail . Having anything done on the watch , including battery replacement , voids the warranty unless done by their service center . This would not be a problem , if they had more than 1 service center , and their minimum fee to change a battery were n't $ 33 and stated to take a minimum of 2-8 weeks . That does n't include the price to ship it to Invicta.Calls and emails to their warranty department have gone unanswered.It 's a nice watch , but hope you do n't have any problems , because they wo n't be there to fix them.Edited to add : An independent watchmaker has verified it needs a new movement . Their price is $ 78 . Invicta 's would be $ 97 not including shipping there - $ 28 S&H ; plus 25 % of the $ 275 MSRP . I paid less than that for the watch new .
 I bought this watch as a short term replacement while my Citizen was being repaired . This watch is horrible . The crown is not screw down , as advertised and it constantly pulls out . As a result I 'm always loosing time and changing the date . I can not rely on it to keep time because of the crown issue . Since I am a nurse and have to keep track of patient medication times , functionality is mandatory ! Good grief . It is a watch after all . When I looked at having it fixed under warranty , the Invicta company wants $ 28.00 just for S&H ; to look at it . Yes - you get to send them $ 28 just to get the defective watch fixed under warranty!Oh , and you may wonder why I simply did not return it ? Once it has been worn , it is not returnable . Which is interesting as how is someone going to determine if the watch is defective unless it is worn?Needless to say , this is my last ever Invicta purchase .
 Having received my ProDiver 9310 from Amazon it was everything as expected . The watch is beautiful and the packaging superb . The second hand was hitting the tick marks exactly . I was all looking forward to wear the watch.However , the watch was losing 6-8 seconds a day . I expected and require pinpoint accuracy from an Invicta . I have 2 other Invictas that are accurate to a second or two a week . These Invictas have the Japanese Quartz movement and the Invicta 9310 has the Swiss Quartz movement.I struggled to keep the watch but decided to return with no issues to Amazon to their credit.I am looking to purchase the Invicta 8935 which is very similar to the 9310 but has the Japanese Quartz movement . I am hoping this will maintain the accuarcy as I have seen on my other watches.Update
 I have the Caribou III Multi Gym w / cable crossover and 200 lbs weight stack , and this machine has the most painful setup procedure ever!There 're 2 major and 2 minor defects with this machine.Major defects :1 -RRB- Right behind the pulley for the lat pull-down , there 's a hole that the cable must pass through in order for the entire cable system to work . This rectangular hole is simply too small ! I had to spent about 2 hours using a metal file to enlarge the hole , it 's not only time consuming but stressful for your fingers/hand .2 -RRB- About 35 % of the holes on the weight stack are very difficult for the pin to completely insert in , because several of the holes on the center metal rod -LRB- which holds the weight plates as they are lifted -RRB- do not line up properly with the ones on the weight stack.Minor defects :1 -RRB- The holes on the weight stack are facing toward the rear of the machine , in other word , you ca n't place the machine close to a wall otherwise you ca n't pull/push the pin . In addition , it 's hard to you know exactly how many pounds of weight stack you 're lifting , because there 's no number on each weight plate and the pin can only be inserted from the rear .2 -RRB- The included lat bar and short straight bar are as poor as it gets . The lat bar is narrower than usual and its rubber hand grip slides off very easily . Both bars are made with hollow metal rods that are more like thin plumbing pipes.Since the whole Caribou III is very heavy and came in many long boxes , it 's not something that can be easily returned , so please be prepare for these defects before you order . Although I have to say that nothing in its price range can do as much as the Caribou gym .
 The rack and smith machine work great . The lat bar is too narrow and the handles fall off very easy . The crossover cables rub on the butterfly seat bench and the butterfly cables are poorly set up and have to constantly be adjusted to work without making noise . It seems like this product was great in its intention , but it does n't seem like anybody tested it before selling the product . I definitely would recommend a different home gym or save your money and do n't get the crossover or butterfly station .
 Bought this item in May 2012 . inserted batteries -- tried it -- good to go . Until August . Was going to use it for the first time AND -- shuffler would n't work . Mechanism went backwards -- would not shuffle . Am sure there must be a logical explanation and would love to speak to someone re this glitch .
 This may be a good product , but I ca n't even load the batteries !! How many batteries are needed ?? Looks like a space for at least 4 double A 's , but only shows representation for 2 . How do you load the BATTERIES ??????
 Out of sheer laziness , EA decided to omit several stadiums . My favorite team 's stadium is a generic bowl . Your 's might be , too.Doesn ' t EA know the charm to their previous games was that every team was given equal treatment ? Now they just pick a select few college teams ' stadiums . Major disappointment . That 's no regard for the fans of the series.I also am disappointed on control the player has over DBs . It is nearly impossible to defend the deep pass.After two days , I 'm selling my copy back .
 I bought an XBOX360 just for this game and I must say I am disappointed ... Nothing really that much more exciting than NCAA 2006 for XBOX ... sure the graphics are nice but the dynasty mode is lacking ... the create a player mode is lacking ... and everytime I have gone to play it THE GAME FREEZES ... none of my other games freeze ... im not really understanding but I am frustrated ... I think I am going to take the game back tomorrow
 O.K. , so I have played EA games ever since I could and I am 27 . So that is a long time . Anyway , to get to the game . It is the most unfun game I have played , first off , the only thing you can do is dynasty mode . Which is n't even really that great . The gameplay is horrible , due to your 5 star guys walking by players instead of tackling , and corners that do n't jump , and it is almost impossible to score on the goal line unless you pass it in . Yes , if you are a user , the running game is terrible , yet florida international plays michigan like they are the New England Patriots . Every team you play , actuall play you like the whole team is heisman winners.If you are an avid gamer like myself , then you set the level hard . If you play on All-American , you can kill any opponenet , you play on Heisman , teams like Baylor play more like Ohio State . The new momentum meter , actually does not mean anything , especially if you are home . That is actually just one of the many useless parts of the game , also do n't get excited about stars players , cause your dynasty team that you love so much all play like they are in the 70 's rating . Star or no Star . So please , do not buy this game , and pray that madden is good and go for that . Maybe next year EA , but this year , I died a little .
 The game has absolutly no crowd graphics . The gameplay is again cut short of the ps2 and xbox like madden . Madden 06 had better grahics . The game has almost no new features except the momentum , which replaces the crowd noise . You totally feel like you 're watching the game with no sound on TV , rather than being at the campus with screaming fans . Unless you love NCAA , do n't buy this game .
 Honestly this is my first football game on the Xbox systems , I used to buy PC games , so I did n't really know what to expect . This game is not very good , and I really was looking forward to Madden 07 , but now I will have to think about wether I should get it . I feel that EA sports , just threw it together and did not think about the players enjoyment . I was almost ready to take it back , the same day I got it , but I have stuck it out and will keep it . But it is not worth $ 60 , if it was priced around $ 30 like the tennis game for Xbox 360 , I probably would n't have written this review , since I would feel I was getting what I paid for . But for what I paid , this should be a much better game . Maybe they will come out with updates to download that will improve the player experience .
 I have to say , as a customer , and many of us at that , I suggest a class action lawsuit against MS and EA Games.This latest release is a disgrace-I traded up my p2 and Xbox for a 360 . For what I may ask?To date , only a handfull of games have been released . Sure some have better graphics , but not so much as to warrent the cost of the games themselves.In NCAA on the 360 , most of what we have gained to enjoy over the past several years have been removed . This is sad . As a consumer , and avid gamer , I look for enhancements and more to a game , not a stripped down version at an exagerated price.And what happened to Backwards compatibility ? This is an Fn Joke.Do not buy this game , or any EA game for that matter . BOYCOT is the only way to create a change.Madden 06 on the 360 was very disappointing -LRB- stripped down version -RRB- Tiger Woods Golf very disappointing.NCAA 07 extremely disappointing.Head Coach not even released on the 360So I ask , pay more to get less ?
 I was greatly disappointed when I bought NCAA 2007 . I been waiting for months to buy this game , hoping it would be better than Maddden 2006 which was rushed out for 360 release so I gave EA benefit of the doubt . Ever year they make NCAA better and better but the 360 version is greatly lacking all the options that PS2 and the XBOX version have . Dynasty mode has no magazine covers none of the spring drills , just 3 repetitive mini-games . If they dont make a drastic improvement with Madden 2007 , I 'm trading in my 360 for a PS3 this fall .
 This game is bad . And this is EXACTLY what madden will be like , with different rosters . First of all , EA puts out the same game every year , and adds new rosters . Is that worth 60 $ ? no . I have played this game and let me tell you why it is bad . This franchise has been here forever and still EA can not make the AI any good ? It shows that EA does not take time in their games , and uses a big franchise name to their advantage . Passing is so incridibly easy , i found myself throwing hail marys every play and catching them 95 % of the time . I had times where my man with the ball gliched into my own player , and ran into nothing for a period of 3 seconds . Also , i had a time where my line man , being chased by the other team , runs into the ref in the middle of the field , and i slow down becuase he decided it was better to sit their in the middle of the field rather then move , so i got tackled . The players run so unrealistically , that they look like gorillas , and guess what they all run exactly the same ! In addition to that , this game looks EXACTLY the same as madden 2006 for xbox 360 . It does not look good at all . Its the xbox version in HD . There are 3 charactor models in the crowd , and all of the coaches and players in the side lines , MOVE EXACTLY the same . I guess in real football there are only 3 characters in the stadium , and everyone in the sideline managers to move the exact same ? Thats a EA cheaply created game there . The game is so cheaply made . actually sorry , this is the 2000 version of the game , and has been for the past 7 years . they just added new rosters . ESPN by 2k5 blew EA out of the water with their actual GOOD football game , and they bought the football license out becuase they were scared sh $ % less . EA seriously , if you have the football license all to ur own , why do u realease the same game at 6 years ago ? why dont u actually make it better ?
 NCAA football 06 was okay ... , but I expect a lot more from this game . The 360 has so much power , why did they not use it ? I do believe even if you get this game at a flee market you are losing your money.The gameplay sucks ! Teams bite on play action WAY to much . Hard to find a play , hard to invite a friend to play , why ca n't I send a play invite from the 360 dashboard ? , okay graphics , try and make a comeback when the computer has already determained the outcome . I played it the other day and on the kick off my IMPACT HB fumbled the ball ran back for TD . Next kick off the HB fumbled it again ! Ran back for touchdown ! Next play that I had I passed to the TE on a angle pass interception ran back for TD . The game will collect dust now.I am waiting for Halo 3 to spend more money on games
 EA must have released this game w/o fully testing in various xbox 360s -LRB- meaning different Microsoft patched consoles -RRB- . This review is only for the XBOX 360 version .90 % of owners are finding it very difficult to either play a complete game or two games in a row . Why?There is software defect -LRB- bug -RRB- in the game . Without notice , the screen freezes and you 'll see a `` dirty disc error -LRB- DDE -RRB- . please clean the disc ... blah , blah , blah '' . If the defect / bug is on w/in the game then it 's an issue with the media that used.Regardless , no word from EA or Microsoft . Do a web search on this topic and you 'll find countless forum posts.Regarding the game play and graphics , I like it better than Madden 07 . When the game is playable , I give it 5 STARS .
 I realize that with only a little more than a month before the 2008 version comes out , this review is coming a little late , but I just had to throw in my two cents -LRB- which is what this game should have cost -RRB- . When this game came out last July I was so excited to get it , that I went to Target at 9:00 in the morning the day it came out , something I 've never done for any game . Disappointing , is a major understatement for this game . Yes the graphics are great , but it takes more than great graphics to make a great game . Realism is something that was completely ignored in this game . The designers clearly showed that they had either forgotten how football was played , or had never even seen a game.Here is a list of some of the aspects of gameplay , or lack thereof :1 . The thing that annoyed and angered me most about the play of this game is the artificial intelligence , if it can be called intelligent . The players in the game make ridiculously impossible plays on a regular basis . I ca n't even count how many times I have seen a cornerback cover 15 yards in three steps from a dead stop to either knock a ball away or intercept it . Or seeing a defensive lineman jump four feet in the air to knock a ball down . Or seeing a running back get hit by four people simultaneously and somehow stay on his feet and run for a touchdown . Or numerous other oversights I wo n't mention .2 . Penalties . Anyone who has ever seen a football game knows that it is nearly impossible to get through a game without at least three or four penalties , more often than not penalties can get into double digits . In this game I have gone entire SEASONS without double digit penalties . And the penalties that are called are completely stupid . Pass interference is the penalty that I have the biggest problem with . Pass interference is called so inconsistently it 's laughable . I have been called for pass interference for knocking a ball out of a player 's hands after he caught it , but not had it called when I have been surrounded all sides and had everything done to me short of being knocked down as the ball goes by . It eventually got so bad , that I just turned pass interference off . But numerous other penalties are never even called . I have played 10 seasons in the game and never once was there a facemask penalty , illegal formation , illegal substitution , and I can count on one hand the number of times a holding penalty has been called .3 . Weather is something that is another problem , specifically wind . Wind has no effect whatsoever on the ball . On kickoffs the ball goes just as far when it is kicked against or with a 30 mph wind as it does in calm conditions . Though compared to reasons 1 & 2 this is really only a slight annoyance .4 . One thing that I do like about the game is that it is finally possible to block kicks and punts , as well as return kickoffs and punts for touchdowns . Anyone who played previous games knows that it was nearly impossible to do any of these.To sum up , this is an unbelievably weak game . I 've learned a lesson about buying games right as they come out , before knowing how good or bad it is . Hopefully the designers of the newest version have read the reviews about this game and made up for their mistakes , or maybe they 've been fired and replaced by people who actually know football . All we can do is wait and see , and pray .
 When I rented this game unfortunately I only knew number 10 -LRB- Troy Smith -RRB- . I thought because I had n't kept up with my collage players it was hurting my game experiance , but I was wrong . There is absolutely nothing to do in this game . Even though I did not enjoy renting this game I still thought that the graphics were great and the players looked really life like .
 I have been a huge fan of the EA sports ' NCAA football series for as long as they 've been around . I have purchased ATLEAST 1 copy of every year 's release since 2002 , most of those were preorders so I could play the day it came out . I own this game for Playstation 2 and enjoy it as much as any of the other releases , the Xbox 360 version is another story . This game has so many glitches it is basically a game of luck instead of skill . For example
 The false advertising for this game would lead you to believe the 360 version has : * Excel in the classroom to improve your overall character -- balance your time wisely between studies , practice , and social events as you live the life of a Student Athlete * Hone your skills with 11 new and challenging Spring Drills -- minigames like Rush the Quarterback , Passing Distance , and more!In reality , the 360 version possesses neither of those , and not much of anything . You have four modes
 Every year for the past 3 or 4 years me and my brother have played an NCAA dynasty where we play on the same team , set the level to heisman , pick a horrible team -LRB- to make it a challenge -RRB- , and run nothing but option no matter what the scenario is -LRB- 4th and 30 ... still run the option -RRB- . Then we save and export our draft classes to Madden until our roster is full of NCAA players we recruited and we ultimately win championships in both games with the same players . Well , this years NCAA does not allow people to play on the same team , so ultimately this tradition is ruined !!!!! Not only did NCAA ruin the college game , but this is going to ruin Madden as well . Thanks for nothing EA sports .
 I can not regret more purchasing this hack of a game . Take away the monotnous before the snap good graphics sequence and you wonder why the graphics are n't better . But the MAIN problem is that the game is not even ncaa anymore . the controls are the worst setup I have ever seen , and in many def modes most buttons are n't used . They took away l/r juke and made it one . They changed sprint to the r trigger , moved every single button to the absolute worst place possible . The play selection is absolutely the worst , most confusing train wreck I have ever seen . Starting out you wo n't be able to find a play in 3 minutes let alone 25 seconds . Forget bursting through on defense anymore . Actually , aside from gears of war , which was short , I truly regret getting the 360 . I miss the old xbox . This game is a complete hack , put together in a few weeks to sucker people out of their money , and I doubt the people that `` worked '' on it have ever played football . It is THE single worst football game I have ever played and I am getting rid of it .
 This terrible game PROVES that EA does * not * deserve to have the NCAA exclusive license for making football games . Even NCAA 04 for Gamecube has much smoother animation than this junk for the 360 . Aside from having more resolution and more detailed stadiums , I 'd say the graphics and gameplay in NCAA 07 for XBOX 360 are actually * worse * than NCAA 04 for Gamecube . It 's THAT bad.The graphics are choppy and slow . The framerate OFTEN drops below an acceptable level . This is the much-vaunted , super-powerful XBOX 360 -- there is NO excuse EA ! NONE ! It should be 60 FPS the * whole time * , like Call of Duty is . But instead it 's like 20 FPS on a good day.The camera movement feels heavy and jerky , overly ponderous of the glisteningly clean stadiums . The players -- especially in online mode -- feel like they 're wading through molasses , not playing football . Well maybe they 're playing football in Aunt Jemima 's nightmare . But it 's awful ! I can almost see syrup dripping from the ball!Further , they took out the `` Create-a-School '' feature , which was my favorite feature in NCAA 04-06 . My real-life alma mater is a small school which does n't even have a football team , and it was a blast in the previous versions to be able to make a team of all 7 ' 1 '' , 315-lb . monsters . OK , that sounds dumb , but it was FUN . Why remove this feature ? It 's a $ 60 game ! It costs * more * than the last version , yet has * less * features , and runs slower ! Hmm , lets see ... slower , missing features , less fun , more expensive . You do the math!Worse , they added the lamest feature ever
 As a few other people have posted , I was EXTREMLEY disappointed in this game . The graphics are good , but when you shell out the money for a next gen game , you would at least expect all of the features that the previous generation had!Most glaring cons : o No atmosphere at all ! NCAA Football on x-box -LRB- last year -RRB- was far better.o You can not `` pump up the crowd '' to utilize your home field advantage.o They have added a `` momentum meter '' , but it is not nearly as good as the crowd meter.o If you are expecting to create a player , forget it . You can create a new player , but all you get to do it pick a position , put in abilities and pick an image from `` pre-made '' faces that look very `` cartoon-ish '' . You ca n't customize your gear or anything else.o The game play is about the same , but the movement seems a bit stale . You ca n't cut back and sometimes you run into `` phantom tackles '' . EA really dropped the ball on this one . Their first round of sports games for x-box 360 was poor -LRB- and that is being kind -RRB- , so expected much more from this round.I am almost afraid to buy Madden 07 ! Save your money and wait till it 's on sale !
 I was VERY dissapointed by this game . The features are stripped to a minimum and I think the added mini-game features are amusing at best.What really upset me is that there several stadiums that are just stock rendered . I know that for some its not important that all the locations be super authentic but when there are probably 5 percent of the stadiums that look the same its kinda annoying . Especially if you are playing in some less noteable places in the U.S. like the northern Pac-10 . University of Idaho , Washington State University and the University of Washington have very slight changes in their stadiums . Oh and the building planners for most major cities will be happy that as of 2007 skylines should all look the same.It just is n't as engrossing as next-gen games should be . Do n't get your hopes up too high that this will put you in the `` heat '' of the game like past incarnations of NCAA have.Before I get to the technical stuff , do n't be fooled by the product description above . There is NO student athelete mode for the Xbox 360 . Yes its true you special people like myself get to pay more for less features . Student athelete mode is only for the original Xbox and the PS2 . I think this is probably because Microsoft has perfected the art of giving you a partial game and charging you online for the features you want and convincing its fellow game-makers into the same practice . I can only hope that this content is eventually available , especially since places like Amazon and Best Buy are advertising it as a feature on even the Xbox 360 version . -LRB- See above product description . -RRB- Also , I have encountered a reaccuring bug where one of my linebackers gets a brush off block and he remains standing there frozen as if he still is being blocked , he is even still holding the position as if there is a guy there holding him up ? This gets very frustrating when the running back gets a first down right in front of him . Now the other thing that I am wondering about was the talk about having the academic part of college football more important in this version ? I know you die-hard fans are going `` Did he buy this game to play football ? '' but I am always excited for EA to release their NCAA games because they have always put you inside college athletics and until this game I was a die-hard fan.There are also some more technical errors with this game I have noticed . When I kicked off to the opposing team to start a game and the return team fumbled and I ran it back in , in our next series the announcers were n't talking like there where any points scored , i.e. `` Lets see if they can finaly put some points on the board . '' Also sometimes after a quarter the `` t.v. '' camera pans so far back it goes into a wall and everything dissapears . Oh , and my favorite glitch was when my running back ran into the endzone and one of my linemen went to hit him after the score to celebrate and he went right through him . The funny part was it seemed like the RB had a confused look on his face , like even he did n't know how that happened.This game has really dissapointed me and I 'm not sure it 's worth the $ 60.00 I had heard reviews of this game similar to mine and I still went to get it because it 's just something you have to do once a year , but EA Sports is going to loose a lot of its edge with this current showing !!!
 The ad mentions several features that I have yet to find in the game . `` Balance your time wisely between studies , practices , and social events ... '' I 've played through 11/2 dynasty seasons and have n't found this . `` Hone your skills with 11 new challenging spring drills ... '' I have only found three mini games
 As most of you have pointed out , this game seriously dissapoints . I 'm not sure if the game is different in other platforms , but my PS2 version from last year was head and shoulders above this 360 game . As usual , I buy this game the very 1st day it comes out , it has never dissapointed like this . They have pulled out so many great features from last year 's version and added nothing ... seriously they have added nothing ... `` momemtum '' is a joke . What about the `` toughest places to play '' ? Gone . What about the composure and player ability ratings ? Gone . Rowdy fans with signs ? Gone . Actual stadiums for all teams ? Gone . Crazy player celebrations ? Gone -LRB- or at least I ca n't figure out how ... it 's not like that would be needed in the instructions , or anything else for that matter -RRB- . So after losing all of that , you would expect the graphics would more than compensate ... wrong ! I could not tell the difference . Check out NBA 2k6 , there 's a 360 game that blows you away with graphics . This is a waste of money ... I will never buy this game again without renting it first . You blew a dynasty with this one EA !!!
 I always look forward to NCAA football being released every year but this is without a doubt the most disappointing version of this game I 've ever played . Every year my brother and I play a dynasty with an option based team and take it to the top . I use the QB and he uses the RB 's and it has always been a lot of fun . For some reason , this version decided to take away the feature of using 2 players on the same team !! Why would they take that away ? Also , they took away all of the Division I-AA teams . If this system is supposed to be so great why are they taking features away from the game ? In addition to these problems , the Heisman level seems easier to play than ever so it 'll take no time for me to dominate the computer . For these reasons and many more I would suggest not purchasing NCAA2007 for any system and pick up a copy of NCAA2006 .
 This is the only game I have for the Xbox 360 that crashes at all , and this dud crashes all the time . In fact , I even have another EA sports title that has never crashed . I 've tried several recommended tricks for fixing the * numerous * game-ending bugs in this game , but none have worked . If you have any doubts , check some of the online forums , such as EA 's support forum , and see for yourself . This game has no game .
 This game is a huge disappointment , and for $ 60 that is just not acceptable . Game is too fast and the buttons are not laid out well at all . Sure you can change them around but why not fix them right in the first place . Graphics are good , but not great by any means . Save your money .
 While this game is filled with many flaws one that bothered me the most was the lack of replays . I admit I bought this game on a whim and have since been very disapointed . While I knew that this version of the NCAA series would be missing some of the more interesting parts of last years version I figured at worst I could enjoy this game playing with friends or online . However this game set a new low . Firstly there are little to no replays . It would seem a game banking largely on its great graphics would want to show them off , however this is hardly the case . Pretty much the only time the game actually takes the time to step aside for a replay are during momentum changing moments and even these replays are few and far between . Besides this the game is filled with bugs . Within the first minutes of playing the game the announcers were already messing up . Messing up calls , saying the exact opposite of what just happened , etc. . Even if your looking for a good online or party game I would pass on this game .
 I am posting this for NCAA 07 just like I did for Madden.RENT IT FIRST . If it crashes , do n't buy it . Do n't get Live just to play football , in general , because you 're stuck with crappy EA crashing games , especially for NFL.Thanks for monopolizing football for our 360 EA .
 After enjoying '07 on the PS2 , I purchased a 360 to have its iteration on a next gen console . I have been sorely disappointed . The greatest graphics leap forward appears to have come in the menu screens , as the gameplay has very pretty stadiums , but fugly player models and animations ... looks as though a bunch of malformed thirty-somethings have filled the ranks of the NCAA . The gameplay is jerked and choppy , especially in rain or snow , as the camera has trouble keeping up with all the action smoothly . On top of that , the game is too easy . I thought I 'd have trouble learning the new controller layout , but despite the learning curve , I 've been killing teams far better than mine on the most difficult setting.The dynasty mode is stripped down from the previous gen , and EA seems to be moving in the wrong direction here in all their games . Seeing as how they use only a portion of the disc for the game , it would make sense that they add off field content rather than remove it , even if it means these dreadful RPG-attempts like career mode/campus legend.If you 've not tried this game on the last gen consoles , NCAA 07 may be good enough for you . If you have , I suspect you will be let down as I was .
 After having played the 2006 version , I 'm REALLY disappointed and want a refund , but oh well . The game is really bare bones , and somewhat buggy . I came on here to write this review because some of the game is annoyingly buggy . A linebacker went past my quarterback , not even close to tackling him , but the quarterback fell down and lost yardage . Also , running plays that go up the middle is completely a game of chance because the middle turns into a blob and you just have to hope that the back jumps or something . Then , there is the momentum meter that makes fumbles and interceptions magically happen , all too often . I hope Madden 07 is better than this .
 I am not going to rehash what everyone else is saying other than this is a bad game . Another EA blunder of late . Thankfully I rented it with a few friends so we all saved our money . A new next generation platform costing more money for the game and it is nothing better than what you could have gotten several years ago . We saw it in Madden , we saw it in Tiger Woods golf and I fear we are going to continue to see it until their exclusive licenses expire and do not get renewed .
 Wow . I 've been an extremely loyal fan of the NCAA series -- for years . This year 's version is an insult . You invest a large amount of money in a new , fancy machine -- that 's hyped as the cutting edge -- and are greeted by games that play like the sega genesis -LRB- perhaps hyperbole but bad -RRB- . Simply stated , the game is not finished . It plays like it has not been tested . There is a graphics improvement on a select few of the stadiums . That 's about it . The on the field graphics are by no means heart stopping -- pretty similar to xbox actually . The physics are slightly better but , again , not amazing . Simple things irked me . For instance
 i just played EA 's NCAA 07 game and it was awful , they left out a whole bunch of features that they had in last years version like my favorite race for the heisman and the ones the did add were horrible like the momentum bar , the older and less expensive xbox 07 game is better the the new 360 version , also there used to be fans that would be going crazy holding up signs after big play and stuff but there arnt any that i saw and im just saying dont buy this game , BIG waste of money go play the old 06 game
 Short and Simple
 Bought a 360 jsut for this game . Been playing the NCAA games since it was Bill Walsh football on the Genesis . Well , I wanted to paly the best version and thbought newest platform would naturally have that , so I bought a 360 just for this game . What a waste of money . Not only does the game lack about half of the features of the PS2 version , it is 10 $ more ! What a ripoff . Other than the nice graphics game is not worth it !
 Where is the campus challenge ? You pay more $ $ $ for the 360 version but you have less features ??? This game absolutley sucks ! I enjoyed ncaa 2006 more than this . Where is the tradition for the schools , the custom fans , the extended create a player features ? EA sports blew this one wide open in the crapper !
 I want to hit the high point of the game first - the one and only high point ; the graphics are compelling . I do n't say much more than that because the players themselves are n't proportioned right , not to mention the motion capturing sucks.EA did the same thing with NCAA as they did with Tiger - they left out a lot of stuff . In Tiger there was only 6 courses , with everything already unlocked . The game is still fun because it 's golf . However , with football , I need more than something that looks good . I played the version on PS2 and the graphics are terrible , but the gameplay is fun and is much like the games used to be.The controls are sloppy , there is only one camera view , there is n't any depth to the game . My advice is that if you have a your original Xbox still , get it for that . One more bit of advice , if you are looking for a company that actually spends time making sports games for 360 , check out 2K Sports -LRB- omitting the fact that MLB 2K6 is a joke -RRB- .
 Have to agree with a previous poster , the 2004 version of this game is bar none the best . After buying a 360 , this is the first game I purchased . I expected a game that would blow away what I have seen on the regular xbox . What I got was a game with slightly improved graphics -LRB- not nearly as much as I would have expected -RRB- and greatly stripped down extras when compared to previous editions.My favorite items from previous editions that are missing :1 . The ability to create your own team2 . A super wide selection of teams -LRB- ie Montana , Harvard etc. -RRB- Only the division 1A team are available in this version .3 . Sports Illustrated and ESPN cover shots .4 . The menu itself seems a lot less intuitive . I had to search around more for options that seems to be hidden on this version.The big difference is the momentum indicator which does n't perform like you think it would . The other day I was playing and the team scored on me to open the game . I then preceded to score 3 unanswered touchdowns the last of which was an interception return and the computer team still had the momentum indicator on their side?Overall , I 'm stunned that they would allow such a stripped down version of the game to ship . Another thing that ticks me off is that the old xbox versions of the game are n't compatable with the 360 so I have to use my old xbox if I want to play a superior version of the game .
 I fell in Love with NCAA Football 2006 . So much so that I bought an XBOX360 just to play the new game . Unfortunately , I was greatly disappointed . Though the graphics detail is higher and the inside running game more life-like , the overall game play is slightly worse then 2006 . The major grip I have is that the interface is much worse then 2006 . The old version had easier to control team management and inbetween game options -LRB- such as recruiting and team roster overview -RRB- . The newer version lumps everyone together on one screen -LRB- full roster not by position -RRB- , makes individual player substitions much more difficult -LRB- in game -RRB- and runs the play clock while it runs useless video wasting time that can be used to assess the other teams defense/offense . Also , a limit that both versions have is a lack of ability to look left/right while passing , which leaves blind-spots on the field such as when you want to drop-off to your running back on passing plays.I really hope that EA sports learns from their mistakes and focuses more on game-play and less on flashy graphics that add nothing to game-play .
 All of the reviews are correct . I just purchased my XBox 360 along with my first title , NCAA Football 2007 . My fingers trembled with excitment as I set up my new XBox 360 and ripped open the package for NCAA 2007 . I began wondering who would offer me scholarships , or would I just show up as a walk on . How would I do in the spring game ? Would it be enough to make a start as a Freshman ? How would the new `` school '' section be ? Would I party too much or focus on nothing but football ? The answer to all these questions ... DOES NOT EXIST . The only game modes that are playable is Dynasty and Exhibition . It was pretty upsetting . I got over that quick enough and then started my first dynasty game . I could not wait to see the Texas Longhorns come storming onto the field , but what ? NO ENTRANCES ?!? Ok that is fine , I ca n't wait to see Lee Corso and the gang in the pregame show , what NO PREGAME SHOW ? I am absolutely dissappointed with this title . There are more features in my XBox NCAA Football 2006 . I really do n't understand how EA got away with this one . How can you reduce the amount of extras that are within a game when you make the next years release ? It does not matter that the platforms changed . Also , I am not impressed with their idea of `` nextgen '' . I got tired of seeing the same up close cuts after the first quarter . The replay system needs work as well . Overall , the game was put together poorly . Like the other gamers have stated , it is much like Madden NFL 06 for the XBox 360 . Please take this review to heart and wait for next years release . Madden 07 should be a much better game to purchase . If you are like me and like to draft your player to the next level , just forget about it . There is no heisman mode on this version so it is back to creating your player with 99 across the board instead of watching him grow and then watching the draft in Madden . You may as well create a player in their as well . BIG DISSAPPOINTMENT !!!!!!
 To start out the game is basic with minor changes . When I first put the game , I was wondering if there were going to be any cheerleaders in the opening sagment telling me that EA Sports `` was in the game '' . But there was nothing at all oh well . Looking at the opening options there was nothing to get excited about . They added some small games that do n't deal with real football there just little games like if you were to find on Mario Party or something . I played a regular game first just to see how it played but there was nothing too great about that either . I have a HDTV and the graphics look terrible unless you pause the game look at review and zoom forward or back and go wow look at those graphics , woopey doo.When I saw the review on this game at gametrailers they said they focused on Dynasty mode . So to start out its now a option to draft players before the season starts , good on them . The only creativity that you can give is creating a player thats it . But you can only change what there face looks like not there uniform , tats , etc.To sum it up , here are the pros and cons . ----- Pros-Easy gameplay , especially defense . you can change formations or jump on the hike just with a click of button which is shown at the top of the screen.-The passing game seems easier-Extra little games , like bowling if thats your thing-Drafting players before the beginning of the first season-Im sorry ca n't think of too many pros ----- Cons-Poor looking graphics and yes I do have a HDTV-Can only create a little bit with the players-The mommentum bar will piss you off . Once that bar goes the other way against you . Your players will become mentally challenge dropping balls and missing tackles . When it goes your way then the game becomes too easy because your oponent will do the same thing.-Don ' t fix something that is n't broken the new kicking meter is too easy , especially if you have played Tiger woods games.-No Sport illustrated covers or radio or anything on that nature.-The fans whats the deal , they will support you all the way even if you are losing by a few touchdowns . There is no interaction from the mascots or fans . There is just repeitive reactions from the players . I kind of liked the reactions especially when it came down to the 4th quarter it just added to environment.The game feels as though you will play one maybe two seasons just so you can get the gamerscore points and then you will trade it in . The game is not at all like the earlier ones I will probably be done with it in a couple weeks .
 i love college football and i was telling all my friend that did n't get it last year to get it because it was a fun game . this years version of college for the 360 is straight `` GARBAGE '' a waste of time and money i waited up till midnight to get my copy of college football and i 'm very disappionted . if the 360 is supposed to be the best gaming system out why did they take alot of thing out of the game for the 360 . i loved race for the heisman last year , it 's gone , the player celebrations after any play , it 's gone , the players walking down the tunnel , gone , should i go on . maybe i need a job at e.a. testing games cause i would n't of never sent this game out to stores with all that stuff missing from the 360 version .
 Okay , first off , if you were a fan of the pre and post game presentation that the past NCAA titles had given you . . Do NOT buy this game for the 360 . . There is no college atmosphere vibe going on in this game whatsoever . . Theres no pre game cutscene where it shows the team roaring out of the tunnel while their fightsong is being played by the band . . No cutscene of the captains walking to the 50 yard line for the cointoss , nothing . . Also , if you 're a fan of the crowd meter that played a big part in rivalry games you 'll be sorely dissapointed . . They scrapped that out for the 360 version as well . . During the actual game you will also notice a lack of college atmosphere for the 360 version . . Very rarely will you see any cutscenes that display team celebration after a big play unlike the past NCAA on CURRENT gen. systems where there was an abundance of them . . There are no cut scenes of fans unlike in the last ones , and overall it makes for a very bland , and boring college experience . . As far as the gameplay goes it 's about the same . . The running game is a little different to me . . you do n't have the cutback abilities as you did in the last one , but it 's something you can work with . . What pisses me off is that I pay 10 $ dollars more for a next generation title , and I get less . . The version for the xbox , and PS2 has the crowd meter . . It gives more of a college atmosphere before , during , and after the game . . More options on the Dynasty Mode . . I do n't know why these things are getting left off of the next generation version since it 's more expensive , and should be better , but they are . . All in all , if you 're gon na buy this game DO NOT buy it for the 360 . . You will only be paying more for less . . The current gen versions offer a lot more presentation , and attitude for a cheaper price . . I will NOT be buying another EA Sports game for the 360 this year . . They have proven with Madden 06 , and with this title that they are not fully ready for next generation gaming . . They seem to think that they can leave all these key , detrimental things out of the 360 version , and no one will take it as a slight . . This game is three years behind in my opinion . . That is the 360 version . . Buy it for the xbox . . Whole lot better game . .
 I was rather excited to find someone still carrying these , and now I see why many people do not . Although it is listed as a Hiking `` Kilt '' , it has no pleats . It has the open end of the apron on the left -LRB- a kilt is on the right -RRB- . Ok , that I knew before I ordered it , but putting it on its obviously not originally designed for men , just modified and relabled.BEWARE , these run VERY small . I got an XL and I normally comfortably wear an L in any hiking shorts or pants . The XL was so small I needed to fit in a different belt . Also , articulation is very poor compared to hiking shorts or any kind of real kilt , if I try to step higher than two feet at a time it binds up pretty badly.On the plus sides it was cheap , and it is very light fabric . It keeps down well in the wind . It would be nice if it was n't so low at the hem though , even with the lightweight fabric its still warmer than my kilts because the hem is so low .
 I was rather excited to find someone still carrying these , and now I see why many people do not . Although it is listed as a Hiking `` Kilt '' , it has no pleats . It has the open end of the apron on the left -LRB- a kilt is on the right -RRB- . Ok , that I knew before I ordered it , but putting it on its obviously not originally designed for men , just modified and relabled.BEWARE , these run VERY small . I got an XL and I normally comfortably wear an L in any hiking shorts or pants . The XL was so small I needed to fit in a different belt . Also , articulation is very poor compared to hiking shorts or any kind of real kilt , if I try to step higher than two feet at a time it binds up pretty badly.On the plus sides it was cheap , and it is very light fabric . It keeps down well in the wind . It would be nice if it was n't so low at the hem though , even with the lightweight fabric its still warmer than my kilts because the hem is so low .
 I was rather excited to find someone still carrying these , and now I see why many people do not . Although it is listed as a Hiking `` Kilt '' , it has no pleats . It has the open end of the apron on the left -LRB- a kilt is on the right -RRB- . Ok , that I knew before I ordered it , but putting it on its obviously not originally designed for men , just modified and relabled.BEWARE , these run VERY small . I got an XL and I normally comfortably wear an L in any hiking shorts or pants . The XL was so small I needed to fit in a different belt . Also , articulation is very poor compared to hiking shorts or any kind of real kilt , if I try to step higher than two feet at a time it binds up pretty badly.On the plus sides it was cheap , and it is very light fabric . It keeps down well in the wind . It would be nice if it was n't so low at the hem though , even with the lightweight fabric its still warmer than my kilts because the hem is so low .
 I was rather excited to find someone still carrying these , and now I see why many people do not . Although it is listed as a Hiking `` Kilt '' , it has no pleats . It has the open end of the apron on the left -LRB- a kilt is on the right -RRB- . Ok , that I knew before I ordered it , but putting it on its obviously not originally designed for men , just modified and relabled.BEWARE , these run VERY small . I got an XL and I normally comfortably wear an L in any hiking shorts or pants . The XL was so small I needed to fit in a different belt . Also , articulation is very poor compared to hiking shorts or any kind of real kilt , if I try to step higher than two feet at a time it binds up pretty badly.On the plus sides it was cheap , and it is very light fabric . It keeps down well in the wind . It would be nice if it was n't so low at the hem though , even with the lightweight fabric its still warmer than my kilts because the hem is so low .
 I was satisfied with the delivery , but not so much with the condition of the tag ! When I got it , it was in a manila envelope with no protection , & two of the tag 's corners were bent !! I 'm not too happy about that , so just be aware !
 this is a great ideal , but POORLY constructed . only after maybe 3 uses i was looking at it on the last camping trip and it was broke at the hinge . still usable but broke after only maybe 3 times
 I was reading the reviews for an item listed at $ 69.99 , and yet two of the reviews commented that this was a good board for `` under $ 30 '' and another for `` $ 20 '' . Are these reviews looking at the same product I am seeing ? It is very confusing to me ...
 After using this product for about a month , the plastic tab that connects the lid to the container is cracking due to the weight of the lanyard . Soon it is crack all the way through and render the lanyard useless .
 Ok , this is my wife 's favorite watch , maybe she likes it too much . It was a beautiful watch when it was new.Unfortunately , the build up of wear and tear after only a few months of daily use is unbelievable . The chrome on the bezel is marred in several places and the accumulation of tiny scratches is alarming . The bezel has come loose and spins freely like a wheel on a game show . The chrome accents on the band are badly scraped.We own several watches in the same price range and have never dealt with such soft materials -LRB- maybe it 's made of solid white gold -RRB- . I know this is not intended to be a rugged piece , but the rapid buildup of damage is unacceptable . Avoid this watch unless you intend to wear it only occasionally.No problems with the functionality so far , but I 'll never buy a Tag again .
 I thought the TAG Golf Watch as endorsed by Tiger Woods , and support from TAG when it was under warrenty and needed a new battery , was great until the strap snapped unexpectedly a few weeks ago . When I looked closely at it there were no signs of wear but it had snapped across a section where the shape of the molding changed - it appeared obviously that this was a manufactured weak point so I assumed it would be replaced quickly and efficiently foc - no such luck - they wanted almost half the cost of a new watch for a replacement strap that had what I considered to be a latent defect with it 's manufacturering process . It is now back in it 's box and consigned back to the back of the drawer and I would not recommend any TAG products to anyone anymore as they appear to neglect to stand beside their products when it comes to issues . I have spent some time looking on the web and it appears my problem is not an isolated incident either.TAG Heuer Men 's WAE1113.FT6004 Tiger Woods Professional Golf Watch
 I purchased this watch as a gift for my husband who is an avid golfer . He wore it only on the weekends . The band broke within 6 months of purchase . -LRB- They advertise it as being indestructible -RRB- . I sent it back to the Authorized TAG repair in NewYork and they wanted $ 200 to repair it because they said Amazon is not an authorized dealer . I would of never purchased the watch from Amazon had I known that . I beleive the watch was defective . Amazon would not repair the watch either .
 I 've bought this watch February 2011 when I was in NY , and after 2 months I noticed the watch was defective.Went to a Tag Heuer Authorized Dealer here in Brazil , and as the International Warrant Card sent by Amazon is completely blank -LRB- because Amazon.com is not a Tag Heuer Authorized Dealer -RRB- , I would have to pay to have my watch repaired -LRB- otherwise , I would not have to pay a dime , to get the watch repaired in any Authorized Dealer around the globe -RRB- . The diagnostic of the problem was lack of lubrification and some damaged pieces in the internal mechanism -LRB- and that was a brand new watch , which I really doubt Tag Heuer would allow something like this to be sold -RRB- . Felt like the watches are some kind of `` second line '' , or watches that did not passed the quality control ; and like so , they do n't have an International Warrant.To use the Amazon.com warrant , all the costs to send/receive the watch is on your own.The worst of all is that Amazon.com ask you to send the watch to a company called Swinford Jewelers -LRB- in Kentucky -RRB- , which by the way , it is not a Tag Heuer Authorized Dealer -LRB- not listed in Tag Heuer website -RRB- . I definitely do not recommend buying Tag Heuer watches from Amazon.com .
 My Tag Heuer Golf watch keeps perfect time as long as I do n't wear it . It has never kept time if I wear it . I have returned the watch to Tag Heuer in NJ four times . Today it was returned again fron NJ and in the less then 12 hours of wear it has lost 7 minutes . I love the style of the watch and hate the fact that Tag Heuer refuses to do the right thing and replace the watch . Do n't buy the watch .
 The set I received had only 1 sword and not 2 as promised . The sword itself was kind of cheap looking when you look at it up close . For a sword that is supposed to be Japanese it is Chinese . That would not be too bad if it did not have CHINA engraved in the sword . That makes it look cheap .
 Will , what do I expect?This set are strictly for decorating my office wall , etc. I would ` nt take this sword do `` tameshigiri '' on it .
 Now , let me get this right.For more than seven months I have been trying to get some acknowledgement of my bent wine opener , reputed to be one of the finest in the world and , BTW , of which I ordered two , in order to give one for my husband to give as a gift to his best man a little over a year ago.Now you tell me I have to pay to return it to you so you can `` evaluate '' it , despite seeing pictures of the bent material and knowing full well that it is bent and useless . I then need to write you a little note explaining that I was opening a wine bottle with my wine bottle opener and it bent and I want it replaced . Then I must purcahse shipping materials , find the time to go mail it , pay for shipping and insurance and then , after your receive it , I must wait a few weeks for you to decide whether to honor your warranty or not.Hmmmmm ... Ok , if that 's my only choice then to heck with it . I do n't need it that bad and I can save the time and start seeking out every web site I can find , including my own , and explain to the world my experiences with SOG 's fine lifetime warranty department . With disposable income in my household of more than 130K a year as a middle-aged Professional DINK couple , it 's not like I ca n't move on to the next decent brand , but as a fixed blade knife collector , I assumed that SOG would -LRB- 1 -RRB- make a fine product and -LRB- 2 -RRB- stand behind their warranty without -LRB- 3 -RRB- making the process so difficult as to be prohibitive in the value trade-off . But you win . Your company wo n't have to make good on a $ 50 . corkscrew and I wo n't bother purchasing any other SOG product again . I 'll also try to help cut down on the work the warranty department has to do with problems such as this by informing friends , neighbors , other shoppers , and the visitors to my site that they do n't need to waste their time with SOG , either . Heck , being as I have a programmer here in the house , maybe I 'll see if he ca n't work up a little spider program that will search out sites and post my complaint for me . All in the name of being a responsible consumer concerned for my fellow consumers.Set this note aside for a few weeks then do a search for `` Neva '' , SOG '' `` warranty '' and see how many hits you get . ----- Original Message ----- From
 I think I might have received a defective knife ... the silver blade lock release on my knife was n't stationary and rattled around . I know this is a good little knife , and a lot of people like theirs , but I think I got a bad apple .
 I returned this item one day after purchase . There is a lot of hype around this knife from SOG and many reviewers . Pros
 I 've been collecting blades for a bit , but do not write many reviews . I resisted getting this blade for quite a while now . But pulled the trigger . Face it - you can never have too many knives . I have more knives than my wife has shoes and purses.That said I do not find this blade to be a good value for price . Yes - others will disagree . It is a historically significant EDC knife.Pros - blade design and lightweight Great pocket clip.Cons - feels cheap like a pack of tic tacs or a pez dispenser . I hate the safety . That can be glued . The locking mechanism is loose and clicks back and forth . The click drives me crazy . The unlock is also uncomfortable and feels cheap.I have no noticeable blade play out of box.For a value knife at THIS PRICE point - I like a Kershaw skyline - volt 2 - or OSO sweet . Knives I feel do a better job at this price .
 This knife does not completely live up to the hype in my opinion . Yes it is very light . Yes the blade is good quality . But the internal mechanism is very weak and possibly unreliable . Lots of play side to side AND up and down . Side too side play can be tightened with pivot screw , but loosens again requiring fairly frequent re-tightening . Some Youtubers who are blade experts say too apply Loc-tite blah blah blah . All well-and-good for experienced knife guys , but us every-day folk just want the knife to work properly . Particularly concerning is the up & down play which can not be adjusted , and speaks to the reliability of the lock-up . I have both Flash 1 and its bigger brother the Flash 2 . The Flash 2 lock-up is much better . Considering its price , it should have a better lock .
 My wife is a poet . She said it was a small knife . Had I seen it in front of me , I would n't have bought it . Appears very flimsy and cheap.Nothing against SOG , rather this model , Flash I. Caveat emptor .
 Stay away.Blade play in every direction.I tightened the pivot screw and that helped with the side to side play but there is still way too much vertical play.You can have mine if you want it.Pure junk .
 The intended use was to be a working knife . It took amazons super saver shipping nearly a month to get it to me . Packaging was horrible , throw it in the box , cover with three big plastic bubbles , tape it closed . So the product was unprotected against a corner strike to the box . It arrived with the product box undamaged , so I know it had no shipping damage.Pros ; Lightweight.Best pocket clip design around . Sog has got the market beat by a mile on their pocket clip designs.Fairly easy deployment and lock disengagement.Arrived razor sharp.Ergonomics are good , feels unobstructive in the pocket , good in the handCons ; When closing , the blade wants to slam shut with a vengence so you may lose the end of your pinky finger.Deployment is good for a thumb stud style . I prefer the finger tip style like in the twitch or kershaw leek.Loose blade side to side and up and down.The unit I received was defective , so the loose blade is most likely caused by the broken lock and/or needed pivot screw adjustment . With the blade open , the lock felt loose , but sprung slightly forward towards the blade . With the blade closed , the lock was just plain loose , flopped back and forth like it was internally attached to nothing.I read somewhere that Sog is offering to repair units with this problem , but you have to pay to ship it to them . Amazon offered a return for refund or return for replacement , I went for the refund.I 'm disappointed that my first sog was defective .
 I have several knives and consider myself a knive junkie . This is not one of my better buys .
 SOG Specialty Knives & Tools FSA-7 Flash I Straight EdgeI was so excited to stumble across this knife as it fit my needs perfectly . It was small , lightweight , assisted opening and even had an extra secure locking mechanism . The only problem is the knife I received look like a cheap knock-off . First the saftey switch looks to be thinner and not properly made . Comparing the photos on Amazon , SOG and from youtube videos the lock on the knife I received looks damaged . Also the pocket clip does not look nearly as sturdy and has quite a bit of play in it . Also the screws are not silver but black and again very cheap looking.The body of the knife looks like it could come apart if very much force was put on it.I order something from Amazon probably every week and while Amazon did send a replacement it is just like the first with the exception that while the lock mechanism still looks cheap it does n't look damaged.In the end I wish I could have saw this knife in person because the pictures are very deceiving and I even suggested to Amazon chat that perhaps they received a ` fake ' batch but the insisted they would make it right.Well I will not be buying any more SOG knives anytime soon especially from Amazon.For a photo of what was advertised versus what was received check this link - > -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this knife for a small EDC role . I like the size and the fact it is so lightweight . It also has a great pocket clip that allows the knife to ride deep in your pocket . That said , I returned it because the arc lock -LRB- main lock -RRB- was so loose it rattled a ridiculous amount . It also rattled when the blade was deployed although not nearly as much . I have read where other people have had this issue as well . I will probably buy a Buck Vantage Select Small or Ka-Bar Mini Dozier instead .
 I found using the thumb stud on this knife too awkward and too difficult to use . For me , this knife is too small to have a thumb stud . I prefer the Kershaw OD2 . The OD2 is similar in size , but is much easier to deploy the blade , and actually fun . A knife this small needs some sort of flipper .
 I purchased this for work and there is no possible way I could use it for my job . Way too small !
 I quickly found that the blade lock rattles around completely loose if the knife is closed . I also immediately noticed how ` cheap ' the knife felt . After a couple weeks of carrying , the pocked clip became loose in an unusual manner , because the handle began to break . The blade is sharp , I 've had no issues there . But this is not the knife that was recommended to me by Nutnfancy , and I 'm going to call `` counterfeit '' on the product I received ...
 First , I would like to say that I really tried to like this knife as I have been looking at them for a number of years . However , I tend to be extremely picky when it comes to my blades because I us them pretty often and for hard use tasks . This was going to be my everyday carry , or EDC , knife to have with me at all times . Despite the excellent price , there were certain quality issues that made me decide not to go with this knife after getting it into my hands.I want to begin with the positives as there are some . When looking for a knife , you need it to be sharp ; this is a sharp knife from the factory . It 'll shave the hair of your arm with ease and rip through cardboard boxes . The AUS8 stainless still is adequate , but not the best for edge retention or corrosion resistance . Again , it is decent . However , you do not want a $ 200 EDC knife that you ar going to abuse . The AUS8 is affordable and easy to sharpen , exactly want you want in a blade of this type . Also a plus with this knife is its featherweight feel in the hand . It is a mere 1.2 oz , making you forget you even have it and proving easy to carry . If weight is of a concern to you , this knife may be something to consider . This knife also has a knife clip that is reversable for left and right hand carriers . I am a lefty and many knife makers are oblivious to us southpaws , so its nice to know that SOG is one of those companies helping us out . Since it is a spring assisted opening knife , it deploys extremely quick , nive for when it is needed immediately . Lastly , the knife just looks tactical and cool . The blade shape is really nice looking and effective for cutting tasks and the full-flat ground blade is razor sharp.Now for my critiques on this blade . First the locking mechanism used to close the blade is not ambidextrous and seemed awkward for me , as a lefty , to engage this mechanism ; seemed like for righties it is not a problem . Next , the handle , or scales , did not have much traction at all and although lightweight , felt very cheap to the touch . I know this is an inexpensive knife , but I 've held cheaper knives with better scales . Also , this knife is small , so this may be a problem for people with bigger hands or needing to do bigger jobs . My biggest issue with this knife was the LOCKUP ; it was horrible . I have purchased all Spydercos before buying this one , so I be be picky because they lock up like a safe , so be it as it may . The SOG Flash 1 's blade had a considerable amount of up-and-down and side-to-side blade play . Usually , you can fix this issue by simply adjusting the pivot screw , but this was not the case . When I adjusted it to eliminate the blade play , the knife became a stiff manual knife as apposed to a quick assisted opener . It was extremely disappointing to me . It is truly the little things and attention to the itricate details that people must see . This lapse in quality really bothered me and led me to return the item . That being said , not all the Flash 1s are like this but I did not feel like returning and trying a new one . The inconsistant quality control is what led me to ultimately get rid of this knife . However , I plan on trying a sog Twitch 2 in the future . Hopefully , I have more luck with that knife .
 This rack is not worth the price . the metal is thin , weak and malleable . the foam is cheap pvc insulation . the caps are not even glued on . the hardware it comes with is a joke . your board will deform the racks with any kind of repeated use rendering them useless . if you have a heavy board , these racks will not hold it . Worth about $ 8 max .
 There 's a reason the pictures they use are low resolution . Do n't use this product if you 're averse to ugly or cheap products.It 's not just that it is made from cheap materials . I 'm more annoyed by the fact that they did n't even glue the caps on , and by the fact that they supply bevel-headed screws , but did n't bevel the mounting metal . Sure you can use the ones they supply , it 's just uglier and weaker.It does indeed hold my board up , at least for now . It 's not worth the hassle of returning , but I would not have bought it if I had seen it in person first . I do n't expect it to last long .
 The fumes emitted from this product are unbelievable and disgusting . I ca n't even imagine BREATHING thru it !!! My 4 year old son said the mask smelled bad as soon as he put it on . Made in China from who-knows-what-might-be-in-it . This might actually be TOXIC but we 'll never know because it 's getting tossed -LRB- unless I find a place that wants it for testing -RRB- .
 I am from the Caribbean and in truth , I think I did badly in my purchase because it was specified that the advertising customized for adults 02 and buy for the holidays my wife and I , but it turns out that there are small , the breathing tube is not suited comfortably into the mouth and the mask is very close to the face causing the face to abuse , I believe that a present to my little nephews .
 I do shows and we were in need of a snorkel and mask . Since it is winter , I purchased this product online . I also needed this product very quickly so I chose the `` expedited '' delivery . Along with this product , I had made several other orders on amazon at the same time . Every single other item came in before the supposed `` expedited '' snorkel and mask . I waited well over a week for this product . No , I did not contact the seller as I barely had time to get on the computer to order it . I feel as though my money was basically stolen from me .
 We took this ball to the beach , but it drinks up water and becomes quite heavy . This is not the type of volleyball we were looking for , it was hard on my children 's fingers . We ended up buying another , lighter , volleyball that 's easier to keep up in the air .
 Bought this to go on a family vacation to Antigua , not meant for experienced swimmers . We ended up giving them to the little ones to play around in .
 I bought this watch for father 's day , a GIFT , and the box leaves broken !! so what i do now ??
 The curling bench was well built ... but the adjustment knob for raising the arm pad up and down is located on the side of the bench where you place your right leg . I believe the photo of the product intentionally does not show the bench from the front or opposite angle to hide this design flaw from the purchaser . The curling bench is usable , but uncomfortable and poorly designed .
 I bought this knife as I expected it to be attractive , but when I got it , it really was n't a good looking knife at all . Plus , the black trim was already scratched up a little which made me realize how easy it would scratch and how much more unattractive it would become with use . I was disappointed with it .
 Not what I expected . Very thin cork strip .005 thousand of inch on the flat side and all metal on uneven concave side . Just how am I suppose to use the cork padding if it is on the wrong side -LRB- Flat side -RRB- . The other side -LRB- concave side will not ride flush with the vise jaws . Bad design and cheap cork padding on the wrong side that is needed . Wasted $ 24 bucks -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . Not a happy camper !!
 I bought this for my dad 's Glock 20 , and it fit alright and it even looked nice . But when we tried to sight it at the range we were disappointed . Maybe I just got a bad one , but we would turn the dials to adjust it side to side or up and down but it would n't move . We got tight groups , but not on the target and that sort of defeats the purpose .
 Got this pouch for paintball in the Bay Area . Attached it to my molle vest the night before . Started play at 12:30 PM the following day . By 2:30 ish PM , latch needed for grommet had detached . I guess it was n't meant for repeated openings and closings before and after games . The pouch , received the night before , was rendered useless as a result . Since it is a metal latch , it is definitely not worth it to have it repaired . Stay away from this POS ... Stay far away .
 Got this Black 2-Pocket Ammo Pouch Black in October 12 , 2010for cell phone , 2 keys and wallet , not a overload.The cover clip broke off Jan 6,2011 -LRB- 87 days -RRB- and it cant be returned : -LRB-
 My 16 year-old son had been playing badminton in gym class and we all love to try different sports , so we set up our old volleyball net -LRB- on its lowest setting - still too high -RRB- and dug out some old racquets and shuttlecocks from our garage . To be fair , we hit harder than most backyard players who are just floating shots up high . We quickly realized we needed a better set -LRB- and a net that had smaller holes ! -RRB- . I ordered this set because it looked like it would stand up to some more serious play . On arrival , one racquet had a bent handle , and within 1/2 hour of play , two others were either losing their hand grips or had partially broken , and all 3 shuttlecocks were broken . We were not abusing the set at all , but were playing `` real '' badminton . If you 're looking for something that will stand up to this type of play , look elsewhere !
 Bought this set as it was the `` platinum '' set . Thought it would be a good one . Right out of the gate , the birdie was getting stuck in the strings of the raquets on every 3rd or 4th hit . That was extremely frustrating and caused us to quit playing shortly after starting . On a positive note , the net and volleyball seem to be of good quality and the set up was pretty easy . Ultimately ... we 'd use it for badminton the most and with the raquet strings being so loose that you ca n't play with them , the set is very disappointing . Would love to send it back , but ca n't find my receipt .
 I order 2 extra long shirts to try . I ordered 1 red 1 grey . When the package came the first thing noticed was the red shirt was in a smaller bag size than the grey shirt . Upon opening , the grey shirt had cardboard that the sirt was wrapped around . The red shirt had no cardboard that the shirt was wrapped around . The grey shirt had no size tag on the back of the neck for the size just a stamp and made in Pakistan . The red shirt had tag with the size Russel brand and made in Pakistan . I put the grey shirt on , it on and it was very good in size and length . Loose fitting all around and nice and log . I then tried the red shirt , it was tight fitting , almost choking me around the neck and clearly shorter in length than the grey shirt that came in the same package . I placed both out on the bed and the red shirt was around 2 inches shorter in width 3 inches shorter in length and the neckline was an inch shorter and the sleeves were not as wide.Maybe they shipped me a returned shirt that was washed and shrunk ? Who knows but a 2XT with 2 different packaging , tags and sizes is not acceptable quality imho . I will be returning both shirts .
 Quality not very good . My expectations for a Russell Athletic product were not met . To me , the material was of a very low grade .
 this shirt started out at 34 '' length after wash and dried on low heat it was 32 '' inches long so cant where it which is bad new because it cost a lot more than the others i bought of other brands , i would recommend no one over 6.0 to 6.2 buy this i am 6.7 and it is way to short unless you like showing you back off and if that 's the case save the money and do n't wear a shirt
 For years I have loved Russell Athletic products -LRB- I have one shirt that I have worn at least 500 times and it still looks new -RRB- , but then my local Academy stopped carrying them . Although I prefer to buy locally , I had no choice and so ordered from Amazon . One of the shirts I bought came out of its third laundry cycle with the sleeve seams split in several places . Not what I had expected !
 The first time my son wore this shirt the length was great , as soon as I washed and dried -LRB- on low -RRB- the shirt shrunk . Do not wash , this shirt will shrink drastically . At least 3 inches .
 I ordered 3 of these and they were not only on the small side , they also had significant size differences between supposedly equal sized shirts ... Someone slip some irregulars into this batch ?
 The packaging had dead insects in it , and in one of the 3 shirts there was a hole in it , near the collar . Whether it was a sewing mistake or insect munching , I do n't know .
 At first I was thrilled that I finally found a 2XT Tee Shirt that was actually cut for a tall person and not a fatty.The material also had a nice thickness to it , which has become a problem with many garments of late.After some inspection , I realized that the construction of one of the shirts was so far off that I had to go back to see if I ordered a blemish or factory second.If you pay $ 30.00 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- for a Tee Shirt , you should n't expect such an awful job . One of the side seams is fine , but the other starts at the armpit and then takes a sharp turn , ending close to the middle of the back . Not only does this look ridiculous , but I feel the pulling from this terribly made shirt.The packaging said that this shirt was made in Pakistan , which might be the reason for this reject of a shirt.Shirt companies were having shirts made in Mexico and Honduras , which was a slight decline from what is made in the US , but this is just unacceptable.What is next , $ 40.00 for a Tee Shirt made in Madagascar ?????
 I am very disappointed in the T-Shirt that I received . Not only does it have small flaws but it is NOT the T-Shirt that is pictured on the web site . I will NOT be ordering anything else from this vendor .
 We have purchased Russell Athletic tshirts in the past and they were very true to size . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' and this `` tall '' size is at least 4 '' -6 '' short in the length compared to Reebok , Nautica and Cutter & Buck . Such a disappointment . I even washed them in cold water . I will say that the quality of the material of the shirt is good but does me no good if he wo n't wear them . Will NEVER buy these again !
 I bought these shirts because i have a hard time finding good shirts for tall people -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' 270lbs -RRB- . These shirts all shrank up in just a couple of washed the carhartt tall shirts have been far superior to these and so I will not be buying any more of these shirts .
 Disappointing ! This t-shirt shrank about five -LRB- ! -RRB- inches in the length even though I followed laundering directions on the label .
 I 'm a reasonably fit Jillian Michaels and Jackie Warner devotee , thought to try this based on reviews for a little variation . Kinda disappointed . I felt that the choreography and changed were not explained well and that , for beginners in particular , safety measures around some of the moves are not explained well and risky for folks with knee issues . I do n't want to deal with returning it , might use it for desperate variation , but between there being better products out there and the recent price hike -LRB- from $ 70 to over $ 100 -RRB- , not sure it 's worth it .
 It 's not posssable to write a review on a product that was ordred the begining of may and still have not received it over a month later . M Wadsworth has not even returned on the cancelation that was sent to him . Other buyers stay away
 I was very disappointed in this shirt . I am an ISU Alum and wanted a T-shirt with their logo . This shirt is very thin and arrived with small holes near the neck in a seam line . The company did refund my money . However , I wo n't shop with this supplier again . Poor quality .
 Bought 3 packs of the black tape at a great deal . I was trying to be frugal and get some less expensive bar tape . The carbon texture is a bit shiny and I worried that it might be slick in the rain , but it felt fine when wet . On the bike , this bar tape works as well as any other.After a couple of months I needed to remove it for some cable maintenance . Well , that is when I found this tape not to be such a great deal . The adhesive on the underside of the tape is strong and when removing the tape , it tore apart , leaving only a strip of material on the bar where the adhesive backing was.After picking , peeling , and using some adhesive remover , I was finally able to remove the rest of the tape . I still have 2 packs of bar tape that will go unused . Anyone out there who needs to rewrap their bars and would not need to rewrap them again for a while , this might be the tape for you . Hey maybe I 'll send you a pack . ; -RRB-
 As of this writing I 'm unable to provide a review of this spotting scope , but I can provide a partial review of the company . Let me explain.I just received this spotting scope ten minutes ago . I bought it through Adorama . It was back-ordered for about a week . -LSB- Note
 This product is poisonous . I can say that is not true for all of them , my friend bought the same mat , and it was OK . My theory is that someone returned the mat , and they spray it with poison for re-sale . Anyways , my mat smells so bad , it stunk up a 2000 sq ft yoga room , and I had to leave . The poison foamed up when I swet onto it . This is very different from the rubbery smell that is normal.Don ' t buy it ! It could poison you !
 this mat gets very slippery and makes even simple moves frustrating . i would recommend a different mat.cheers
 This mat may have a design flow , or perhaps it was rolled up before paint on the cute paisley pattern dried up . Layers were stuck together and it was hard to unroll . In the process , the paisly design ripped bits of the bottom side of the mat . I suppose it 's still functional , but my brand new mat looks pretty awful .
 I just got the mat and went to unroll it but it is stuck together , expecially where the paisley patterns are so that when I unrolled it chinks of the mat came off . Very poor quality and I 'm unsaitsfied . I would not recommend getting this mat .
 I bought this mat recently , nothing wrong with the packaging.However , when I went to use it - it slips !!! Not on the ground , but the hands . It does not provide anywhere near enough grip for the hands . Down dog become downward face plant into the ground.Absolute rubbish .
 I was incredibly excited to see that Amazon.com had exactly what I was looking for . Since I wanted it for an upcoming series I was attending in less then a week , it made me even more elated with the fact that I could have it here the next day . I purchased the bag and had it here the next day . We went to the game with the new backpack . About an hour into the game I picked it up to use the restroom and the entire strap fell off . It was like it wasnt even sown on . I was/am incredibly upsefact that I paid $ 45.00 for a backpack I had less then a hour . I wrote the company over a month ago and have yet to hear a response .
 The second time we used these one of them bounced off the front of the wood frame for one of the pits and broke in two . They were not worth the $ 18 I paid for them , certainly not worth the $ 35 they are currently listed for .
 I had a horrible experience with the skywalker trampoline . We had it for about two weeks . From march 24th when we set it up , until April 5th . If you live in a windy area , for the love of your trampoline , stake it down . Ours was lifted and turned into a giant sail and landed on our neighbor 's car . No damage to the car , THANK GOD . It landed with the enclosure on the bottom , so the padded bars cushioned the impact . We brought it back and never bothered with it again . The kids were devastated because they had such a great time . This is an isolated incident , if I lived on property with less wind-vortex monstrosities coming through , I 'd get another one . It was just a really upsetting experience . Oh , the ` T ' bar that is oh-so-strong broke right in two . The bars are n't any stronger than anything else that 's made of aluminum . It was a mangled mess !
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 Item description states brush included box states no brush . I should have just paid a little more and got a complete kit . Not a bad kit for using three maybe four times before you run out of patches depending on gun use . If you order this kit make sure to get some more patches a brush and a mop type brush .
 This is the third vintage ringer shirt I have gotten , all from the same seller . The first two were great . Great fit , quality product . However , this one was not good . The fit is not quite as good , even though they are all XL . There is a seam from the sleeve going through the collar of the shirt . There is no fraying and the fabric seems to be of decent quality , as is the logo , which is the only reason I did n't give this one star . The only difference between the two shirts that were good and this one is the country of manufacture . The two that are better were made in Bangladesh , but this one was made in China . There is n't really anything wrong in terms of the order except the difference between the quality of the work by the manufacturer and other products by this seller , but a $ 26 t-shirt should be of better quality . I have purchased $ 5 shirts at Walmart that are made as well as this one . There are 4 or 5 other vintage ringer shirts I would like to get , but if I get another one like this one I am pretty much done ordering these .
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 When this item arrived the first thing I noticed was the very soft and pretty leopard print!However , I was surprised how large the bag opening was in relation to the flap which `` closes '' it . Since the bag material is not at all stiff , -LRB- in fact it is rather flimsy -RRB- I would not feel comfortable bicycling with my `` wallet , keys , & cell phone '' in this bag as the description suggests . The closure flap is held by only buckle strap in the middle , a design flaw which could allow items to slip right out of the sides.I could n't use this bag , so I returned it . I was a little bummed since it looked so cute . Amazon return process was quick and easy .
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 I bought this for my Kimber 1911 , and while it is well made , I am not sure about the design . The cross piece in the back that fits in the middle of back in the pictures has a tendency to work it 's way up my back to the point where it almost comes up above my collar . I bought the separate belt loop to anchor the magazine side to my belt , and it still does it . I have played with the balancing of the holster itself , tilting it at various angles , and nothing seems to work . I think this is a design flaw that can not be fixed . While the holster is wearable , and reasonably comfortable when it is placed properly on the back , I am constantly have to adjust it , pulling the back down and re-positioning it . I have stopped wearing it , and have gone to a Milt Sparks IWB holster , which is more satisfactory than this .
 The problem with the Frabill bait box is that the styrofoam is very fragile . After several days of use the styrofoam started to break apart from opening and closing the top . I have used the Magic Flip - Top Bait Box and it is much more sturdy .
 Cuando yo compre , la descripcion del producto decia `` SEASTAR HK6400 STEERING KITS WITHOUT HOSES THE ULTIMATE STEERING SYSTEM FOR HIGH SPEED SINGLE OUTBOARDS '' , y despues de comprarlo me llego el juego de mangueras y ningun Kit HK6400.Yo le reclame al proveedor y este me indico que en anuncio tenia mal la descripcion y que les devolviera el producto . Ahora yo estoy en Venezuela y me cuesta mucho dinero retornar el producto y no tengo mi kit HK6400.QUE IRRESPONSABILIDAD !!!
 Just what I wanted for size , strap , and light -LRB- the picture shows these accurately -RRB- - but it takes several graduate degrees to figure out how to use the time and alarm set functions .
 The handle on the bag is poorly made . . Can we get another handle ? The bag seems to be made pretty good ... just the straps on the bag popped off when my husband was carrying it .
 I ordered the arkansas razorbacks gym bag and it WASNT what i ordered ! I got the bag and it is completely differnt then the picture . It only had the razorback logo on it and all red . Razorbacks was not above the logo its not anywhere on the bag and it do not have the black on the sides . It just a big red bag with a red pig on the front . It sucks . If i wanted something like that then i would have gotten it cheaper at kmart or walmart .
 Had this bag for four months and it 's already got a sizable tear in it - the design is great , but the material ca n't handle day to day use .
 Within 2 months of using this as a gym bag , it tore at the seams in 2 different places , and 2 of the rubber zipper handles broke . Good looking bag , but low quality .
 I purchased this trampoline in the hopes that I would be able to use it in my very small home . I wanted to be able to quickly set up and put it away . The idea of a folding trampoline was very appealing to me.I was dismayed when I received this item to learn that each of the six legs had to be screwed on one-by-one -- a process that you would think would be simple , but took nearly forty mintues and , despite the claims of a tool-free assembly , ultimately required a wrench to get the legs attached . Mysteriously , the instructions that come with the trampoline describe spring-loaded legs that supposedly just pop into place.The `` spring '' in this trampoline was disappointing when compared to a non-folding trampoline I tried at a nearby sports store . I found jumping and running on it much more jarring than with the non-folding tramp I tried . As I purchased this item in the hopes of protecting my joints and ended up with an aching knee after using it for only a few minutes -LRB- which did n't happen on the non-folding item at the nearby sports store -RRB- , their claim that use of this item is non-jarring did not hold up in my case.Disappointed , I decided to disassemble the trampoline . The legs came off with less trouble , but every attempt that I made to make the inital fold on the trampline on my own failed -LRB- and no , I 'm not a weak or clumsy person -RRB- . Ultimately , working together with my sister , we were able to fold the unit.Shipping on this unit at this time was $ 30.00 . As seen on TV charges a 25 % restocking fee . I paid $ 55.49 for this unit . If I were to return this item , I would have to pay the $ 30.00 return shipping and then take a hit for the $ 13.87 restocking fee , ultimately getting a loss from my $ 115.49 -LRB- 55.49 + 30 shipping + 30 return shipping -RRB- investment -- a total loss of $ 73.87 . Save your money . Do n't buy this item .
 Showed/Named trampoline a 40 '' Rebounder -LRB- brand name -RRB- . It is not a Rebounder . Their catch is that you can refer to jumping on the trampoline as ` rebounding ' ; therefore , you can call it a rebounder . However , Rebounder is a brand and this is a `` Little Jump '' . Nothing in the ad refers to a `` Little Jump '' . This company has a no refund policy . Guess why ?
 This item is listed as a `` Rebounder '' by Urban Trampoline . Note it is * NOT * from Urban Rebounder - the true manufacturer of the fitness club quality exercise tramp .
 MRI 's , Injury , time off work , wish I had n't bought a mini trampoline and I 'm not talking about this one in particular . On the contrary , I spent $ 300 on the best mini trampoline on the market and it was n't the quality of the equipment . I 'm writing this to put some kind of warning on the internet about the dangers of exercising on mini trampolines because you will find none!I admit it , I 'm a 38 yr old female , 5 ' 6 and 200 pounds . So , yes I am overweight . However , most everyone who knows me says they ca n't believe I 'm 200 pounds because I 'm muscular and enjoy lifting weights and working out . But I had a back injury when I was 19 yrs old ... Never in my wildest imagination would I have thought I 'd be injured after using this mini trampoline . I bought the best quality trampoline made on the market and did the workout they sent on dvd and here I am ... I 've been off work for weeks on bedrest with a compression fracture . I 've spent hundreds and hundreds of dollars on pain meds , vitamin drinks , MSM/glucosamine etcetc trying to get better . I just had an MRI tonight and I 've had a bone scan and xrays etc. . Even though they say my bone density is excellent I still sustained an injury from jumping on this mini trampoline . I 'm so disappointed . I thought it was going to be healthy and low impact and it did seem to be so much fun ... Here I am gaining weight because I 've been on bedrest for weeks and how I regret buying a mini trampoline . I wish they had put warnings on the website , but no one has anything negative to say about this type of exercise . My mother just told me she read an article in the paper about all the people being injured on mini trampolines . I am encouraged to know I 'm not the only one , but sorry for all the pain .
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 Let me start off by telling you the only thing I do like about this holster . It 's pretty well made . The Materials used and the craftsmanship are good . Now to the bad . This holster is one size fits most , not all . I 'm a small person -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' , 130 lbs . -RRB- so even with the the adjustments all the way at the end , it still wo n't fit me properly . And since the excess strap needs to be trimmed of after fitting , You 're out of luck if you ever want -LRB- or need -RRB- to adjust it later . Also , the holster constantly slumps over to the weapon side of my body . I suppose if one purchased the tie down clips , this would n't happen . Because the holster is always slumping over , my shirt is always getting bunched up around the my neck . Very uncomfortable and annoying . I do own one other shoulder holster for comparison - a Bianchi Scorpio that I got used for $ 20 at a pawn shop . It has everything that this holster is missing . 3x wider shoulder straps , built in tie downs , and an adjustment system that works for my small size . I would only recommend the Galco as a curiosity , gimmick , prop or something along those lines . I hope this helps you .
 I bought this for my Kimber 1911 , and while it is well made , I am not sure about the design . The cross piece in the back that fits in the middle of back in the pictures has a tendency to work it 's way up my back to the point where it almost comes up above my collar . I bought the separate belt loop to anchor the magazine side to my belt , and it still does it . I have played with the balancing of the holster itself , tilting it at various angles , and nothing seems to work . I think this is a design flaw that can not be fixed . While the holster is wearable , and reasonably comfortable when it is placed properly on the back , I am constantly have to adjust it , pulling the back down and re-positioning it . I have stopped wearing it , and have gone to a Milt Sparks IWB holster , which is more satisfactory than this .
 When we '' tried '' to put the line on our trolling rods/reels penn 301s . I use this term loosely , it did nothing but curl , bind and create birds nest . Usually this brand is one of the best . I feel that it was n't the brand , but was old line . Maybe sitting on the shelf for too long causing the irreversible twist that could not be forgotten
 NOT * ALL * calibers ! DO NOT try to put one of these through a 223 / 556 !!!! It will get stuck and you will not be happy . You can cut them down to size and it will work then , but buyer be ware
 After receiving these I see that they are nothing more than regular old cleaning patches -LRB- that can be purchased for much less -RRB- with small holes cut in them . Save your money and poke your own holes .
 This product while it may be used to clean all caliber weapons , has a major flaw . The patches are not made to be lint free and after using them , I find it is necessary to re-clean due to the excess of residue from the patches . I had to stretch my imagination to give it 1 star . This stuff is horrible .
 They do n't fit well , and worst of all they FLAKE in the barrel , leaving behind trace residue.Save the money and just get a bag of simple patches . Will never get these again .
 I would n't waste my money on these patches again . They were suppose to fit various size barrels . That is why I bought them . I need to cut them to make them fit even though the patches have different slits to make them fit . It does n't work out with slits . They also leave lint behind .
 Avoid like the plague ! Otis products are horrible . One kit got stuck in my barrel , when I contacted Otis about it they pretty much said F *** off . Terrible design and useless .
 I 've worn dozens of holsters over the years . This is a generic , may or may not fit the gun it says it will . The suede is stiff as hell . The pivots on the harness are nice but I 'd rather have bought a Jackass or Miami Vice harness and added a holster . The offside magazine pouch is bulky and useless as a practical carry item . I wish I 'd have spent the money on a Ken Null ... Live and learn
 This hat was a great disappointment , it is nowhere near as warm as other comments made it seem .
 I bought the Level III Molle Assault Pack about a week ago intending to use it as a shooting range backpack and as a thrown - 'n' - go pack for travel . This backpack looks `` tacticool '' , and the fabric is high quality , but I am returning the pack - here 's why : - The zippers are weak ; One of the zippers `` splits '' when it should be staying zipped . This is with no tension on either side of the zipper seam . With weight in the pack , the zipper immediately splits open on the main compartment when the bag is shouldered.-The pack strap pads are comfortable and the pads sit on the right part of my shoulder to make a difference , but the straps themselves feel thin , and the seams on the straps are n't stitched on well . I would n't trust this bag with more than a laptop and a textbook 's worth of weight , especially in the pouches farther from your back.-The strap buckles and rings are all plastic , and they are cheap plastic . Again , I would n't trust this bag with a significant amount of weight.If this bag had sturdier shoulder straps , consistently reliable zippers , and beefier plastic or metal strap fittings , it 'd be a steal at this price ... but for this price , with the problems my copy has , it 's not even a keeper . I 'd keep it if the zipper issue was n't such a pronounced issue . 2 Stars .
 I 'm generously giving this Level 3 bag 2 stars : Star 1 . I liked the number and placement of pockets . It has a lot of good spots to put all the little gadgets and things I need , and the MOLLE straps allow me to clip more on the outside with carabiners.Star 2 . The straps have n't broken and fallen off my back yet.Now , why did it lose 3 stars ? For the three pockets that have torn in as many months since I bought it . I initially purchased this bag three months ago as a daily bicycle commute bag for my pens , cards , laptop , raingear , first aid , etc etc. . Then I started using it as a catch-all day bag for my travel in Asia this summer . Big Mistake.-1 Star . Less than a month in , the big nylon pocket in the middle section tore right away from its webbed edging , leaving me with a flap of fabric that barely works as a pocket . All I put in there was a checkbook and box of band aids , but I chalked it up to being a little clumsy and went on my way.-1 Star . Within a week of arriving in Asia , the largest of the pockets in the front section tore out too . This was inexcusable , because I have been much more gentle , and it barely had anything in it -LRB- headphones and some cards -RRB- . -1 Star . Less than 3 months since I bought the bag , I noticed that the bottom of another pocket in the front section has just torn right out . I was keeping my glasses case in this pocket , and I barely ever removed them , so no undue stress . Nonetheless , I opened it up today to find that the bottom was completely torn out and the only thing holding my glasses in was the tension on the nylon.Bottom line
 The pack is small , we 're talking 13 '' computer , a book , a binder , and notebook and that 's all she wrote for the main compartment . The rest of the stuff that you 'd expect to carry will pretty well fit in the pack but the shoulder straps , compression , and hip-belt are all poorly designed . Do yourself a favor and go look for a pack made by a reputable company that has years in the business and is sold at outdoor outfitter stores.Returned purchase and got a good bag .
 I bought this product because it was advertised as a DRY snorkel.IT IS NOT ! What a waste of money ! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !
 I bought two of these for our trip to Hawaii . The one I used worked fine . The snorkel that my girlfriend used leaked water from where the transparent flexible part meets the blue plastic . This was her first time snorkeling so she did n't know that the equipment was defective . She thought she was doing something wrong . We swam very far from shore . She was having a great deal of difficulty so we switched and I saw the leak . Do not buy this snorkel !! It could be very dangerous if you get a defective one like I did
 The slippers are very cute , warm , and just what I expected.I did n't expect them to have seams rip out after only 2 days of wear .
 The front seams on these pants are scratchy , especially on the knees . The seams do n't drape well , so the pants hang funny . I returned them . I have other Under Armour pants that fit well and feel great -- but these definitely did n't . The Gear Tech fabric keeps you cool , washes and hangs dry in a few hours -- so I give the product two stars for the quality of the material .
 I have owned this rifle for three months . The SKU came with a bipod and scope . Initially I was very pleased with this gun , it was accurate enough to suppress targets at close to 100 feet , and could nail people at 50 . The 3-9x scope is better then iron sights , but the utility of a $ 40 red dot scope puts it to shame - Airsoft is close quarters combat unless you have a $ 500 + gun . The bi-pod high quality but adds two pounds to an already heavy gun.After the first 2000 rounds , the thing began to fall apart . First the high capacity magazine stopped putting tension on the rounds . I spent good money on new mags . Then a plastic slide in the trigger mechanism broke apart , crippling the gun 's functionality . No replacement parts are sold . I bypassed the entire mechanism , sacrificing single fire so the gun might last a few more battles . The internal connections are not soldered , but lightly crimped together . Motor crimps can easily slip off and short . The gun has no fuse box either , so the motor is unprotected from jams , shorts , and stalls - a catastrophe waiting to happen . Finally the tiny plastic lever attached to the hop-up broke , reducing my range to under 50 feet . I jury-rigged a rubber band to provide some tension.I would recommend that any player willing to spend this much money getting into Airsoft buy a good CO2 blow back pistol -LRB- $ 100 , and the performance is comparable -RRB- and hold off on getting a rifle until they know they 'll get some good use from it . Think long an hard , then buy from a high end manufacturer like CA or Tokyo Mauri
 This dynamite didnt blow anything up . We used it on trotlines by or docks thinking it would catch the big ones . After a weekend of trying we came up empty . I did catch a few catfish in the same spot using worms so I knew they were there .
 The front seams on these pants are scratchy , especially on the knees . The seams do n't drape well , so the pants hang funny . I returned them . I have other Under Armour pants that fit well and feel great -- but these definitely did n't . The Gear Tech fabric keeps you cool , washes and hangs dry in a few hours -- so I give the product two stars for the quality of the material .
 This is one of the worst children 's watches ever . It looks crummy and is very cheaply made . It loses 5 seconds overnight and it does not perform well . In the first few days of my son owning it , the display broke and now it is hard to read . Overall , this a horrible product .
 Order this for my son who was going on a Boy Scout adventure . This was supposed to be `` Water-Resistant to 50 Meters '' ... did not make it 5 feet . Amazon took care of the problem .
 This dynamite didnt blow anything up . We used it on trotlines by or docks thinking it would catch the big ones . After a weekend of trying we came up empty . I did catch a few catfish in the same spot using worms so I knew they were there .
 I ordered this item TWO seperate times and received BROKEN boxes each delivery . This was a present and I was very disappointed with the manner in which it was packaged for delivery.I canceled the item after the second one arrived broken .
 I have had this table set -LRB- 6 chairs and a large table -RRB- out on my deck in full sun , and -LRB- it was new this summer -RRB- but did grey a little as you can see , -LRB- I posted a picture where I finished part of the table -RRB- and as thirsty as the wood was , I just did 1 coat in the area pictured and it seems like that is all it will need , I am applying it with a horse hair brush , and it is saving the product , the convenient squirt top lid is a big help too . -LRB- The area done in the picture I used close to a 1/4 of a 16 oz . bottle -RRB- I bought two bottles , may be able to get the set done with that , but I am ordering another bottle just in case , so far I am pleased , this set will be going into storage soon , I might do a review when I bring it back out to show how well this product works.I WANT TO ADD A FEW DAYS AFTER APPLYING THE TEAK OIL THE PRETTY SHEEN SHOWN IN THE PICTURE -LRB- HALF OF MY TABLETOP WAS COATED -RRB- IT WENT BACK TO LOOKING THE WAY IT USED TO , GRANTED THIS SET IS ONLY 2-3 MOTHS OLD , SO i WILL NOT BE BUYING ANOTHER BOTTLE OF THIS TO FINISH THE SET , GOING TO LOOK INTO OTHER OPTIONS , GOING TO POST THE PIC OF MY TABLESET A FEW DAYS LATER FOR YOU TO SEE , AND THE PICS ARE DATED SO YOU CAN SEE HOW LONG IT LASTED : -LRB-
 Needs to be reapplied very often . Looks good for a few days and then fades again . I will try something different/more expensive next time .
 This product uses cheap linseed oil instead of Virgin Tung Oil likeStar brite Premium Golden Teak Oil.It is also an all-in-one product , meaning it does n't clean as well as a standalone cleaner or oil as well as a standalone oil.I love Meguiar 's and use their car care products almost exclusively on my cars , but this is one product I can not recommend from them .
 Did I miss something in the product specs ? Nope , there were n't any . I thought I was buying teak oil , not finish . This may be good protection for outdoor furniture but is too sticky for indoor furniture . Has a strong smell from the additives .
 This looked like a great deal at the price . Turns out you get what you pay for . I only have one piece of teak on my expensive boat so you can bet I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to keep it looking nice . I should have spent more money on a better teak oil . After thorough cleaning and about ten applications of this oil per the provided directions , each about a day apart , I finally gave up ! I might as well have been using mineral spirits for all the protection and final appearance I ended up with . I 've been boating for over 50 years and this is by far the worst teak oil I have ever had the misfortune to try ! Do n't waste your money - I rarely make the effort to review a product but I `` m so ticked about the incredibly poor performance of this product that I just could n't let it slide .
 I was very disappointed at the quality of this oil . It comes in a smaller bottle than what you purchase at the local hardware store , so although it is priced less , it is not such a good deal . The oil is thinner than anything I have seen before , so it goes on easy , but it does not last on the the furniture , and therefore , does not protect it from the elements , not even short term . I needed to reapply it each week ! I finally gave in , bought the more expensive , local hardware store Teak Oil , and am happy with the once-a-month touch-up maintenance that it requires . Do n't waste your money thinking you will save on this Teak Oil . It is not good quality and will cost you more time and work in the long run .
 Not even close to comfortable at 30 degrees , or 40 degrees ! Difficult to zip up all the way once inside . Zipper will not stay zipped . Might make a good summer bag , but this one is n't for cold weather .
 I just got back camping from Mammoth Caves Kentucky ; it was 47F the first night and I shivered all night long . I usually sleep at home with a 64F A/c unit blowing on me with a thin blanket -LRB- my wife sleeps with a winter blanket year round over her on her side of the bed , poor girl :P -RRB- . Anyway , was inside a tent protected from elements and was still cold.On the second night , the temp dropped to 43F ; I ended up borrowing a winter blanket from my wife who was snuggled up with our two year old , I was toasty warm , but only after using the blanket.Notes :1 -RRB- 47F was still cold , sleeping on air mattress with blanket underneath .2 -RRB- Required additional blanket over top to maintain warmth , downside since I was hoping to use this for spring/summer hiking .3 -RRB- Zipper gets caught on fabric when being zipped up or down , requires you to `` rip '' the fabric from the zipper . Did not damage the fabric , but still ... I loved the light weight of the unit , just not the performance or the zipper functionality .
 I bought this bag because I do hike in and hike out camping . I needed something light that packs small and at a 30 degree rating I thought I found the perfect bag . I do a lot of camping and I 've never been as cold as I have been in this bag even at 50 degrees not to mention the zipper on this bag is lousy and very frustrating . I ended up buying a fleece liner and a down blanket to sleep on for extra insulation . Now I find myself defeating the purpose of packing light when half my pack is sleeping gear . I 've finally had it with this bag after giving it enough chances so , I 've decided to give it to my son for summer camping . If you are looking for warmth this is not the bag . Look into a good down bag , they pack easy and are made to keep you warm . I will miss the compactness of this bag though .
 The only reason I give this bag 2 stars is for it 's very light weight and how well it packs down . If that was all I was concerned with I 'd give an enthusiastic 5 stars . However , this bag is so narrow that it 's like sleeping in a tube sock . I 'm not a big guy -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' & 165 -RRB- , but the width from the shoulders thru the hips is very narrow . So much so , that I had to sleep with my arms outside ... which kinda defeats the 30 degree rating of the bag . Needless to say , I was cold and uncomfortable all night long . I did like the foot box ... plenty of room there for my size 9 feet . I 've returned my bag and very glad I decided not to tough it out .
 I bought this bag for my 11 year old daughter . It may be great for expeditions , but for regular car camping , no . It was paper thin so there was no loft to be cozy in . I sent it back and ended up buying a great bag at our local Big 5 .
 This was purchased for me a few months ago . I took it out of the pouch today and unzip it . When I try to zip it back up the end wo n't go back together . It is `` loose '' . I can connect and zip up but then the end comes undone and unzips . The return date has already gone by so now I have a sleeping bag made for the cold that I ca n't zip up . In reality what I have is a waste of money . If Eureka 's zippers are that crappy then I can never trust them enough to take them camping .
 I liked this bag until the inside pocket opposite the shoe compartment ripped . Now everything I put in this pocket -LRB- keys , phone , ring etc -RRB- ends up floating around the inside of the bag . the shoe compartment is great ... and the bag is the right size but the torn pocket now makes it unusable . It worked for a about 6 months before it gave out .
 When it was time for a new gym bag , I went for the Ogio Crunch.It was a deal at $ 25.00 and I 've had a few Ogio bags in the past -LRB- laptop bag and suitcase -RRB- that are great.This bag was a bit of a let down from the begining.I purchased this bag as a gym bag.My last gym bag has alot of inner compartments for shampoo , soap etc as well as a hook to hang a lock from.This bags side pocket has nothing of the sort.The `` shoe compartment '' takes up most of the main compartment once you put shoes in it.The final straw was a few days ago when the stiching on the shoulder strap came undone and it fell off my shoulder.This happened less that 45 days after purchase.Luckily , I was within the return period with Amazon.The bag is on it 's way back and my refund is being processed .
 The bag looks exactly like it does in the picture , but the provided dimensions are not accurate . The bag is more like 18 inches rather than the advertised 24 in length .
 IMO , Ogio makes a pretty nice gym bag but with two of the bags I have purchased and am returning they are smaller than expected . The Crunch is advertised at 13 x 24 x 12 but that is only when the bag is fully stretched , and I mean stretched . I go to the gym each day and shower there before work , needing the gym bag to hold all of my stuff until I return home . The Crunch will not hold my wet gym clothes and towel , sneakers , shaving bag , shower shoes and sweatshirt.Also , the side pocket of the bag does not have much depth at all nor does it have separate compartments . The material looks as if a set of keys would cut right through it , particularly when stretched . A couple of other reviewers have complained about this pocket ripping on other models.Otherwise , it has well made double zippers on all openings but the side pocket and the strap is well padded and the hardware is good quality . As stated I do have a concern with the durability of the side pocket and would like to see a more reinforced bag bottom.I have asked Ogio to add more product images on their website , showing different views of their bags along with interior shots of the pockets.I 'm sure this bag will be fine for anyone who is going to toss a couple of items in there and not pack it to capacity.Vito
 I previously owned an Ogio Transfer bag purchased from the same vendor . I work in the travel industry and found that particular bag to be way too big and so I would find myself over-packing and getting weighted down . So I bought this as it was smaller , still expecting the same quality . Well first when I opened the package I was disappointed as the color was not correct , but I 'm not really picky so I kept it . The zipper on the seldom used front pocket is starting to get caught up and snag after just two months of use . The overall quality is lower than the previous Ogio bag , I do n't know if they changed manufacturers or what ? If you need a small travel bag , find another . If you can live with a bit larger bag forr the money , get the Ogio Transfer you 'll be glad you did .
 I got this after reading good reviews and wish I had n't . The bag is too big , which makes it awkward to carry around . I do n't need this much room in a gym bag , it 's hard to carry it on the streets and in the subway . I will stick with my canvas bag .
 This bag looks nice but has very few features it is nothing like the Ogio bag I 've had for years the shoe sleeve makes the inside cramped
 This was a nice looking bag when I took it out of the plastic but wow did it smell . it smelled like oil or gasoline . What are they making these bags out of anyway ??? I would never buy another bag from this company.Dont waste you money
 I bought this to hold some photo equipment , including some small light stands that are 21 '' long but they do n't fit . The description says the bag is 24 '' -LRB- as does the manufacturer 's tag that was attached when I got the bag -RRB- but it 's only about 191/2 '' long -LRB- exterior dimension using a measuring tape -RRB- . I see now there 's another review that mentions that it 's not 24 '' but I missed it before buying mine.It seems like a really nice bag with some good features and would have been perfect for my needs if it was just a little bit longer .
 Bag is a piece of junk , save your money , was working ok for my needs but out of nowhere 2 months into owning seems starting falling apart . Save your money and buy something else .
 I purchased this bag 3 months ago.The size of the bag is perfect for gym lockers . Side pockets are nicely designed for shoes and a shaving kit.The inside cover started to show signs of wear and tear in the 2nd month.The shoulder strap is connected to the bag by a metal latch . The metal latch has caused the nylon to rip . this results in the shoulder strap becoming disconnected from the bag as I walk down the street.Zippers are not as smooth as they were 3 months ago and are already showing signs of wear and tear . A quality gym bag should last at min 12 months . I am rather disappointed that I will be shopping for a new gym bag so soon .
 The bag looks good . It has enough compartments that you would probably need for every day work out . The biggest problem i see with the bag is the bag does keep the shape .
 I purchased this about 5 weeks ago and have been using it ever since . The bag itself has no body or form , including he bottom . When the bag is empty and on top of a table you have to support the sides and top just to fill it . My old bag had some rigidly to it so that when empty it filled up easy.Putting sweaty gym clothes in this bag is like putting a wet watermelon in a tight fitting plastic bag , very difficult . The bag itself is a great color with lots of compartments but it is otherwise useless . I tried to return it tonight but found out I was past my 30 day mark , which is my fault . So I 'm stuck with it for a while until it pisses me off enough that I purchase another one . Do n't buy this bag , there are plenty of good ones out there .
 Bag is nice size but smells so bad of gasoline or petroleum . That smell permeates clothing and you can smell it when the bag is in the car . Its horrible .
 When I first received this gym bag , I was so excited . Until I opened it up and the smell of gasoline nearly knocked me out . I decided to use it anyway that day and it worked fine . However , the bag still reeked of gasoline so much , that I wrote to the company for suggestions . Waiting to hear back from them , I sealed the bag up with a box of baking soda in a Ziploc bag to get the smell out . That did not work and neither did trying to air it out -LRB- as they had suggested -RRB- . Since neither worked , I am sending it back and they want to charge me a re-stocking fee for returning it . Wait , so you want to charge me a re-stocking fee for something that smells like an oil spill ? This does not seem right .
 This is way smaller then i was expecting it to be , and cheaply made . Probably works well for people who do not use it ofter , but not god for everyday use
 This is my second time trying to buy the Maxxum 70 model with the Digital Maximizer . Important feature . The model shipped to me was the Maxxum 70/SC . This is a small difference in model number but frustrating if you know the difference in performance . Talked to customer service and there are issues in getting the correct product shipped .
 Ordered this holster for my sig sp 2022 . I put in all the correct information and when i received the holster it didnt fit . Took it to my local gun exchange dealer and he actually gave me wholesale price and gave me the correct one -LRB- didnt want to deal with paying for return shipping -RRB- anyways the CORRECT holster is great . Blackhawk makes great products . The site I ordered from just stinks .
 In the product description the holster is supposed to be compatible with a Glock 30 . It is not compatible with a GLOCK 30 as advertised .
 I Did not receive the Carbon Fiber finish . I received the matte black finish , and specifically ordered AND paid more for the carbon fiber finish . NOT HAPPY ! Also , it appears the original package , which says its the carbon fiber finish , was opened and switched out for this matte black finish . Buyer Beware !
 It says it fits 1911 's with or with out a rail but it will not fit the PT 1911 from taurus had to make major adjustments it is basiclly ruined !!!!
 its not really a concealment holster and it says carbon fiber on the box but both of mine did not have the carbon fiber aplique on it .
 Disappointing product . I had this for about 1-mos before it died . It started not counting all my steps despite several calibrations and finally died . I couldnt get it open to change the battery so it was a loss all around . I suggest investing in a better , more expensive product with a brand name in order to maintain it when the battery does die .
 I bought this a week ago and thought it was great . I was pretty proud to see how much movement I actually got in a day 16000 steps ... UNTIL ... I bothered to check to see if it was counting my steps accurately ... I can not get it to take an accurate number . I adjust it and it either counts way too many ... 100 % error sometimes or stops counting and doesnt count at all ... I am looking for another brand now . .
 I though that this was a good deal , and it did n't have the problems that I 've had with other pedometers
 The person who received this pedometer as a gift tried and tried to get it too work , found it much too complicated and gave it back to me .
 I ordered two OMROM 105s and received two BP pedometers . I had used the OMRON 105 for the past two years and was very satisfied with it until I lost it . The BP does not have the aerobic function and does not have the 7 day memory feature . It is quite variable in recording steps as well . Therefore , I am most dissatisfied . I do n't understand why the product was substituted without notifying me . I have reordered the OMRON 105s and I am hoping that I will receive the correct item this time.Linda JB
 This pedometer is for real couch potatos ! It is overly sensitive , even with the sensitivity adjustment turned down , so that it over-counts steps . This is most notable when worn around the house where it just does n't keep an accurate count at all . It does work fine for walking for esercise , when you have a steady measured pace , but this is n't the time most people really want or need a pedometer ...
 The pedometer is sensitive . I thought I could wear it all day and get a fairly accurate number . That 's not so . Every time you move a certain way , like getting out of your chair , it would count 2 to 5 extra steps . Also , you have to spend some time getting your stride set up so it will accuratly count the steps . If you are planning on going walking , then it might be fairly accurate . But if you bump the pedometer it will add steps . I do n't think it 's very good .
 We bought 75 pedometers for a wellness program for our organization . Within two weeks , they started `` dying '' . An email to the customer service department at the company produced 10 new batteries to replace dead ones . But as the plague of `` deaths '' continued , we sent numerous emails for more batteries . If you choose to purchase this pedometer , be prepared to replace the battery in a matter of weeks ... and do n't count on much of a response from Customer Service . After an hour and half on the phone , there was still no resolution to our problem .
 This pedometer is very difficult to calibrate . Just when you think you 've got it right it does n't record any steps . I walked for 3 miles and it only recorded a few hundred steps . Other times it would record way too many steps . Having used other Omron pedometers in the past this one was extremely disappointing . I 'm going back to get the HJ-112 eventhough it is bulky . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This pedometer which can be found at Walmart in the pharmacy section of the store for about $ 10 is a real dud in my opinion . I will grant you that it does have several nice features
 This is not a very good pedometer . Not consistent , not accurate . I had one much cheaper years ago that did a better job . Do n't waste your time .
 The Omron HJ 105 Standard Step Pedometer is adjustable for sensitivity . But mine is way too sensitive - no matter what the sensitivity setting is set on.It is approximately 24 % in error of counting my steps.And that translates to nearly a 1/2 mile error for a two mile walk . I can compensate by setting my stride to a 25 % smaller number , to make the miles come out closer , but the step count is always too high.This might be acceptable for some people , but I think it is nearly unacceptable .
 This is the most grossly inaccurate pedometer ever to the point that it looks as if it were deliberate ! I used the Omron HJ-112 pedometer , a very accurate one , for comparison and the HJ-105 was registering twice and sometimes three times as many steps . Based on the rest of the reviews I must have gotten the lemon .
 Not very accurate , spend your money on the Orman HJ112 , very accurate and gives more info .
 I attempted getting it calibrated , switching it different places on my person , etc. . I could n't get it to give me an accurate reading - and have n't successfully used it yet . My husband may have had better luck - I say try a more expensive model , but maybe I 'm just not doing it right ?
 Bought this for my wife . I figured the good reviews outweighed the bad ones . I was wrong . It completely fell apart after a couple of weeks of her using it . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 Unfortunately , this item does n't actually count the steps correctly for me . There 's a little switch to help calibrate the pedometer , but no matter how I set the calibration if I walk 50 steps it shows that I walked 4 or 5 . It counts based on shaking , so maybe I 'm just so smooth the pedometer ca n't tell I 'm walking , but I doubt it . Honestly , I had pretty low expectations , so I 'm not shocked .
 This product has a very `` toy like '' feel . The case is flimsy , the buttons feel funny , just toy-like . It only works when positioned horizontally onyour belt . Seems to work OK , but do n't dare drop it or it 'll break . The light plastic case has a heavy metal weight glued inside.Why not spend $ 8 more for the superb Omron HJ-112 ? The HJ-112 has dual pendulums inside so it counts accurately whether on your belt or in your pocket . And it 's built like a tank .
 Accurate when it works but that 's been very intermittently . Continually resets in the middle of the day so ca n't keep track of anything , then started freezing on me . Only thing I could do was readjust the battery but the battery compartment is IMPOSSIBLE to open . Tried with numerous different size screwdrivers and ended up stripping the screw & finally breaking it open just to reset the thing . Now held together by tape which is ridiculous . A complete waste of money .
 As instructed , I pulled the plastic tab from the battery and nothing happened . Ca n't get it to set . Perhaps it 's a bad battery . At under $ 12 , I expected it to look and feel pretty cheap -LRB- it does -RRB- , buexhaled it would at least turn on .
 I have used pedometers before and they just show the number of steps . I did not want or need a course in how to program a complicated system for computing many things in order to use the pedometer . It matters not how long my strides are or how much I weigh . All I want to know is how many steps I ordinarily do and then increase them to increase my lung capacity leg and back strength . It builds self esteem and self confidence.I will continue to use my old pedometer and try to program my new one , but the ones I bought for my husband and daughter to encourage them to more physical fitness will lie in a drawer with the instructions because it took too much time and effort to analyze.Please quit trying to make things more digital and complicated when it is only a $ 12 item and wanted for one thing.Thank youAlice Brown
 I thought this had a heart monitor . SMALL Display . The Calorie Burnt Counter is Kcal vs regular calories . I ran on the treadmill and compared my Calories burned and Distance and it was VERY OFF ! Overall the pedometer said I only burned 83 kcal I ran for 30 mins and walked for 15 mins = 45 mins total in which the treadmill stated I burned 400 Calories . You must also calculate the kcal according to your age , but my results did not come close to the treadmill measurements . Dissapointed . I bought this because of the reviews on how accurate it is . But it 's not . Have you compared it to something else ? a bike or a treadmill ?
 The pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell -- what are these `` packaging engineers '' thinking ? It took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it , and then I took the scissors to it , and the hard packaging almost broke them!But I was thrilled . A handsome object , thought I , and I loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open . So much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband . I yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed . But , alas , it would not follow instructions as they were written . `` Press and hold the Set button . Hour display blinking . '' -LRB- Could they not have said , `` The hour display will blink '' ? I pressed . `` Press Memory button to adjust the hour . '' I did . The Memory button never did a thing . So I asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either . We both tried several combinations of maneuvers , but nothing worked . To this moment , the hour display is blinking , blinking , blinking.I 'd like to get my money back , but ya know what ? J & R Music & Computer World in NY demand such a rigamarole to send it back , including with all the original packaging -LRB- I threw the OP in the trash -RRB- , that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions , which , of course , are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves . Now I 'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash , while I will make sure I never order from J&R ; again .
 Pedometer has tons of great features that would all be really neat and useful IF it could accurately count steps . I clipped it on to my belt , walked 30 steps , then checked the reading - 4 steps counted . Useless !
 Received the item quickly . I work retail and am on my feet all day , but 12,000 to 17,000 steps ? Reset to zero and walked up and down the break room counting . At 20 of my steps I checked the product and it was at 38 ! Guess i will try a more expensive one .
 When it works , it 's fine . Unfortunately , it occasionally loses the settings and memory . I have been unable to determine the reason .
 for the price I was pleased . And the first few days I used it , it keep steps perfectly . But now several months later , It over counts no matter how much I adjust it ! And dont even think about using it at home ...
 When I got this pedometer , I found that the instructions were n't clear . I never did get the thing to work . I have had pedometers before and they have always been easy to operate . This one was n't . The pedometer does n't cost enough to go through the hassle of returning it at your cost . It 's just easier to buy a new one . However , I suggest that you purchase it in person from a sporting goods or health store .
 The sensitivity settings are inconsistent . The clip is useless -- I lost the pedometer before I even had it on for a full day . I do not recommend this one .
 Item does n't keep accurate count of steps even when using the adjustment switch . From size and ease - item is nice . I just wished it was more accurate .
 I am 14 weeks into a walking program and dropped my simple pedometer . I buy this one and have not been able to track my steps for over a week . I am usually not technically challenged , but I can not get this to count my steps.I am going to Dick 's or CVS this weekend to buy a simple step counter so I can get back on track with my program .
 I used this every day and it seemed to b working great . Then about a month after I got the pedometer , it just stopped counting steps.I would have given it just one star , but like I said , it seemed to work great for the short period of time that it did work .
 I got this rod to match up with my Abu Garcia Ambassadeur 5601 C4 reel . I got the 2 piece instead of one piece because it is easier to haul it around in the trunk of the car without sticking into the rear passenger compartment.On the very first trip , I hooked a 24 '' Ling cod on the 2nd cast . While trying to bring the Cod in , I hear a snap and look up and my rod had snapped right where the two pieces are connected together ! The graphite just fell apart into many tiny gray strands of fiber.Luckily the fish was just a few feet away from the boat and we were able to get it onboard.I tried to contact Shakespeare to get it replaced under their 7 year warranty . What a joke that warranty is . They require you to send it back to them at your expense , and then they also require you to send a $ 9.95 check to cover their shipping the replacement rod back to you . Given it 's a irregular size , it would have cost me $ 15 to ship it back to them . Add that to the $ 9.95 they wanted , that 's $ 25 which is more than what I paid for the brand new rod from Amazon -LRB- $ 24 -RRB- . Luckily I got this less than a month ago from Amazon , and Amazon agreed to send me a replacement free of charge and to also pay for shipping to return the defective unit back to them.Top notch customer service from Amazon , Poor warranty from Shakespeare!I hope the replacement rod wo n't break as easily and that it was just a random one time occurrence . People keep telling me ugly stiks are strong and durable . This is my first ugly stick and so far it has n't been a good one . I may just have to go back to abu garcia rods and reels .
 The bike arrived with dents and paint chips in the fenders and I had a bolt snap off with minimal torque while attaching the fenders .
 This is a nice watch/monitor unless you are moving , i.e. running . I have never been able to aquire a heart rate while I am actively running - even after following the guidleines in the instructions . I do like the fact that you do n't need a chest strap and can take your heart rate throughout the day to monitor stress and active levels .
 It may look somewhat okay but if you 're buying it for using the pulse functions , do n't bother . Within a month , the battery was dead . I replaced the battery and now it is completely incapable of taking an accurate pulse . Now the pulse comes back as over 200 . I loosen a screw just a bit on the back and then it tells me my pulse is in the 40s . As for the rest of the watch , it is standard and sufficient except you have to push a button every time you want the date because it is not on the main display .
 Not a great way to make friends and influence people , but the light function on watch did not work upon receipt . In additon , the digital readout looks like it is from the first original digital watches manufactured in the 60s . Small numberal and even smaller letters ! The design is kind of strange and should have had more emphasis on function instead of form and had a larger display ! Heart rate monitor is irregular if not used exactly as described in the manual . I do not recommend this watch !
 When I bought this , I really liked it -- it worked quite well for a few months . But then , I would try to take my heart rate , and it just would n't do it . Like another reviewer noted , I first could n't take my pule while moving . Then , it stopped doing heart rate readouts altogether . If I did get a readout , it would be very off . For example , after doing an intense cardio workout , it said my heart rate was 55 . Impossible , with how hard I was gasping for air ! Other times , right before I even started a workout , it would say I had a heart rate of 220 . I guess if you buy cheap , you get cheap stuff . Next time I will definitely buy one with a chest strap , such as ones made by Polar . This was a totally unreliable product -- one I started out liking , but now want to smash into pieces because it wo n't do what it is designed to do ! I gave it two stars instead of one because it at least worked properly for a little while .
 The band already came a little torn when I got it , but it was very little and I kept using it . After 1 month -LRB- using it carefully -RRB- it snapped and I fixed it with an elastic band . Two weeks later it torn in two other different points . Very disappointed .
 I purchased three of the bands , the peach colored one , blue , and green . The peach colored one ripped my third time using it . In the middle of my workout , it snapped apart . I was n't doing anything crazy with it , I was using it for my Insanity Asylum workout . I bought this product thinking that it would be a good product for the price ... I thought wrong . Now I 'm just waiting for the other two bands to rip ...
 I was replacing a red band from my physical therapist that finally died . This red band is thinner , weaker and obviously an inferior product . It even has an odor . I do not expect it to last as it has frayed with one use . Really disappointed .
 I was expecting something that was a log bigger and not such a thin material . I would not purchase these again .
 I bought the yellow band to use with the Brazil Butt Lift workout program . It was way too big to provide resistance . Since then I have purchased the Ayilo Loop Bands , which fit far better and are effective .
 This is the second time I order one of these and once again it breaks . It works good but its a wast of mobey something more sturdy needs to be made
 I bought one of each size band ; Blue , green , yellow , orange , and red . I was quite disappointed when the blue band tore after 3 days of use , followed by the yellow one the very next day . Then , two days ago , the green one ripped . I now only have the red and orange ones in tact.I want to make it clear that I was not abusing these bands . I was using them in a fashion commensurate with how they should be utilized , and I was not slip knotting them or anything like that . While tearing the band does not render it completely useless -LRB- as it can simply be gripped differently -RRB- , I was nevertheless irritated with the shoddy quality of the bands.Band training is something I think is a good supplement to a well rounded training routine , and I definitely subscribe to their use . In the future however , I will cough up the money for additional Jump-Stretch brand bands , and avoid cheapies like those reviewed here .
 I blame myself for ordering this very poor and short product . I missed the words `` 12 '' relaxed '' . I do resistance band exercise at my senior center , twice a week , we use gray stretch bands , they are ugly looking , and are supplied by the city parks dept. I was drawn to the great colors of these bands , but this band is too short to do anything . If this band was sold for half the price it would still not be a value , I almost ordered all of them , because it said free shipping , and I am a sucker for free shipping .
 I purchased this band to replace and old one I had that broke . The new band is about 1/2 the length of my old one so it 's not really working for the exercises I purchased it for . I do n't think they come in sizes so not sure how to prevent this in the future or how to get one the size that I want .
 I did n't realize that after the reel the bottom of the pole was only about 2 inches . There is no place to hold on if you ever get a decent . You could n't tell this from the picture . When I got it home I said where is the rest of the rod ?
 I purchased those Dri-power performance crew sock 12 pair package at costco . To my surprise , it was the worst socks I ever purchased . The sock 's fiber on bottom of sock come off completely after 4 washes . It was extremely hot after you put it on and walk for a while and disintegratd after a few washes . I wo n't consider to buy this Russell product unless it is for one time use only .
 Beware of this product . The ones I got have excess material around the toes that wrinkles and makes you feel like there is foreign material in your shoes . Know the feeling ?! It does n't rate even one star but Amazon does n't give you a no star option . I will never buy the brand again .
 While the socks fit fine and are otherwise comfortable , they do NOT keep your feet dry . My feet become and stay more sweaty in these socks than in my previous Champion basic crew socks . I 'm currently at work with my shoes off to try and keep my feet dried out.In short , `` dri-power '' does not work .
 Have been using this product for over 15 years . I was shocked and disappointed with my recent purchase . The fabric quality is not the same . It is like buying used socks -- wash worn . And , every sock is now marked with a blue `` R '' on top of the toe . Wearing them without shoes covering the letter marking gets the same question . `` Could n't you afford a left sock . '' Tried bleaching out the `` R '' , but no luck . I 'm looking for a different brand . Or , maybe I will find the NEW/LEFT sock .
 I purchased 5 packs of these because the composition of 88 % acrylic 11 % nylon and 1 % lycra spandex was the formula of the Russell 12pr packs sold at Costco for so many years . Having recently purchased a pack from Costco -LRB- which by the way cost around $ 14 . for the same socks -RRB- , I discovered that the formula had changed to 86 % acrylic 11 % nylon and 3 % other fibers-the socks were bigger , thinner and nowhere near the quality of the old formula ... Anyway , when my order from Amazon arrived , imagine my dismay when they turned out to be the same new , poor quality socks as currently sold by Costco . I am waiting to return them ... If I wanted more of these not so great socks , I 'd buy them at Costco for half the price !
 These are NOT THE SAME QUALITY AS IN 2008 ! I purchased 24 pairs of these socks in 2008 . They were very soft , thick , strong , extremely comfortable & very long lasting . Made being on your feet all day a lot easier to take . I recently purchased another 24 pair and there is NO comparison . The portion above your ankles is reasonably thick & soft . The important part below the ankle is rough & thin . I 'm going to keep them because they are still better than other athletic socks but I sure am disappointed . Russell added their logo but ruined the quality IMHO . Figures !
 I have purchased these socks for years . I just purchased 2 packs of these socks . I discovered that the sock had changed . The socks now are bigger , thinner and have a rough toe seam that is irritating when wearing I am returning them . I hope they change back to the old sock in the future . I tried to contact the company to let them know my thoughts but there is no contact number on their website .
 I too am very disappointed with the change made in the composition of these socks . I 'll be looking for a new sock to wear . I 've worn these for about 15 years and the new socks -LRB- with the `` R '' on the toe -RRB- suck in comparison.If you wish to contact the manufacturer , here 's the number : -LRB-800-RRB-334-9091 Candice was the person who you can speak to about the new formulation of the socks .
 There are good Russel socks . These are not them . The shipping charge is a rip off , and the socks are cheap ass . And they sent me two orders by mistake . $ 70.00 for a bunch of bad socks . thanks .
 Dont waste your money , My wife bought this for our 3 yr old son and i put it together and it was very shakey . Not safe or secure . Dont waste your money as i said !!!!
 Bought this for my nephew in May and it fell apart in June . Not very sturdy to begin with , and it has a terrible turning radius . He had to pick it up to turn around on the sidewalk . I would recommend the Harley tricycle instead . I bought that for the other nephew 3 years ago , and it 's still going strong .
 Star batons are generally too heavy for beginners . If someone trained on a mid-weight baton , this is too heavy . I do not these heavier weighted batons .
 I used this Luxeon bulb in a 4 cell Maglite . The light was clear white and bright . However , after first time using it for about 30 minutes , it literally burned and clouded the bulb chamber . Not sure about this bulb 's reliability .
 bolts loosen while using . not very sturdy , maybe ok for lite home use by teens . easy to assembe and looks commercial , shipping was fast
 I still dont have it . It was supposed to show up over a week ago but nothing has come . I dont know what the problem is . it could fit in a letter .
 Boo - it 's not made in the USA like it says on the website . Made in China right on the package . I feel duped .
 Disappointing ! This t-shirt shrank about five -LRB- ! -RRB- inches in the length even though I followed laundering directions on the label .
 I am very disappointed in the T-Shirt that I received . Not only does it have small flaws but it is NOT the T-Shirt that is pictured on the web site . I will NOT be ordering anything else from this vendor .
 We have purchased Russell Athletic tshirts in the past and they were very true to size . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' and this `` tall '' size is at least 4 '' -6 '' short in the length compared to Reebok , Nautica and Cutter & Buck . Such a disappointment . I even washed them in cold water . I will say that the quality of the material of the shirt is good but does me no good if he wo n't wear them . Will NEVER buy these again !
 I bought these shirts because i have a hard time finding good shirts for tall people -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' 270lbs -RRB- . These shirts all shrank up in just a couple of washed the carhartt tall shirts have been far superior to these and so I will not be buying any more of these shirts .
 The packaging had dead insects in it , and in one of the 3 shirts there was a hole in it , near the collar . Whether it was a sewing mistake or insect munching , I do n't know .
 At first I was thrilled that I finally found a 2XT Tee Shirt that was actually cut for a tall person and not a fatty.The material also had a nice thickness to it , which has become a problem with many garments of late.After some inspection , I realized that the construction of one of the shirts was so far off that I had to go back to see if I ordered a blemish or factory second.If you pay $ 30.00 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- for a Tee Shirt , you should n't expect such an awful job . One of the side seams is fine , but the other starts at the armpit and then takes a sharp turn , ending close to the middle of the back . Not only does this look ridiculous , but I feel the pulling from this terribly made shirt.The packaging said that this shirt was made in Pakistan , which might be the reason for this reject of a shirt.Shirt companies were having shirts made in Mexico and Honduras , which was a slight decline from what is made in the US , but this is just unacceptable.What is next , $ 40.00 for a Tee Shirt made in Madagascar ?????
 I ordered 3 of these and they were not only on the small side , they also had significant size differences between supposedly equal sized shirts ... Someone slip some irregulars into this batch ?
 I order 2 extra long shirts to try . I ordered 1 red 1 grey . When the package came the first thing noticed was the red shirt was in a smaller bag size than the grey shirt . Upon opening , the grey shirt had cardboard that the sirt was wrapped around . The red shirt had no cardboard that the shirt was wrapped around . The grey shirt had no size tag on the back of the neck for the size just a stamp and made in Pakistan . The red shirt had tag with the size Russel brand and made in Pakistan . I put the grey shirt on , it on and it was very good in size and length . Loose fitting all around and nice and log . I then tried the red shirt , it was tight fitting , almost choking me around the neck and clearly shorter in length than the grey shirt that came in the same package . I placed both out on the bed and the red shirt was around 2 inches shorter in width 3 inches shorter in length and the neckline was an inch shorter and the sleeves were not as wide.Maybe they shipped me a returned shirt that was washed and shrunk ? Who knows but a 2XT with 2 different packaging , tags and sizes is not acceptable quality imho . I will be returning both shirts .
 Quality not very good . My expectations for a Russell Athletic product were not met . To me , the material was of a very low grade .
 this shirt started out at 34 '' length after wash and dried on low heat it was 32 '' inches long so cant where it which is bad new because it cost a lot more than the others i bought of other brands , i would recommend no one over 6.0 to 6.2 buy this i am 6.7 and it is way to short unless you like showing you back off and if that 's the case save the money and do n't wear a shirt
 For years I have loved Russell Athletic products -LRB- I have one shirt that I have worn at least 500 times and it still looks new -RRB- , but then my local Academy stopped carrying them . Although I prefer to buy locally , I had no choice and so ordered from Amazon . One of the shirts I bought came out of its third laundry cycle with the sleeve seams split in several places . Not what I had expected !
 The first time my son wore this shirt the length was great , as soon as I washed and dried -LRB- on low -RRB- the shirt shrunk . Do not wash , this shirt will shrink drastically . At least 3 inches .
 same thing happened to me as the review S. Pearlman left above me then i just opened it so i cant get a refund and i was better off goin 2 my local skate shop and getting a Blind mini DO NOTOTOTOTOTTT BUY FROM FOGDOG !!!!
 I ordered this mini size board from Fogdog through Amazon and paid for 2-3 day shipping . The board arrived eleven days later . When it did arrive it was the wrong model . The stoned dogs in the fog shipped the regular size board , not the mini . Take you business to a more competent supplier .
 I bought these as a gift for my husband . Thank goodness it was n't the only gift I bought , because these were a complete waste of money . They ripped while he was putting them on for the very first time , and it was due to poor quality , not because they were too small . AFTER tearing them , he saw on the packaging where it said not to use the loop on the back of the shoe to help put them on . Boy , they were right , because it tore right off on the very first tug . I ask , why put the loop there if not to help slip on the slipper ? Extremely poor quality and poor design . Anyway , since there was a warning on the packaging , we decided not to try to return them . The rip was mostly just a cosmetic flaw , so my hubby was too sweet to make a big fuss over it . They fit fine , but they only lasted 4 months before they fell apart . We put them in the garbage just a few days ago . Do n't waste your money on these . Spend a few more dollars and get something that will actually last .
 Works about a third of the time . I have gone back to measuring the old fashion way -LRB- finger on the neck . -RRB-
 This product is unreliable . I used it one morning and it registered my pulse at 68 . I took my pulse again a minute later , without moving from my bed , and it registered at 178 . After that I tested it again and again , and the pulse reading wildly flucuated for no reason . I can only assume that it is not really reading your pulse , but is just giving you random numbers .
 Pretty much useless for physical activity . You have to be sitting still to get a read .
 No ! Do not buy this product . I completely wasted my money on it and it has never consistently worked since the first day I got it.I bought this to wear around my neck for taking my heart rate during jumproping or spinning . It seemed like a great concept , but it never worked since I opened the package . I can not return it now , because I should have called Amazon right away , but I made the mistake of putting it in the drawer out of frustration.I even read the directions with my aerobics instructor , and she could not get it to work . She said she just uses her watch and I looked at her and laughed!The good old fashioned way of checking our heart rate is the best , and I should have saved my $ 20.00 instead.Don ' t buy this product unless you want to waste your money .
 I 'm very disappointed in this item . It only works if you can hold it flat and completely still and since I wanted it to monitor my heart rate during exercise ... It is also not very accurate . Pulse is typically 10-15 beats off . Might as well just hold your fingers on your wrist or neck and save the money .
 This hr monitor doesnt work to well , Im on here shopping for another one . It gives awkward readings.For example When I was walking trying to get 120heart rate , I place my index finger where Im supposed to , it reads 93 and the all of a sudden 189 ??!?!? hats not all it does . You can be sitting doing nothing and it gives you 2 or 3 different readings which are way off . Sometimes it works ok , but thats rarely.It gives many errors too.Not well spent money , sorry .
 of little or no use - much to difficult to use when you are excercising - i find this product totally unacceptable
 I ordered this to replace a similar but all plastic Tasco boresighter . I am really sorry I bought this one too . I `` boresighted '' 2 different rifle with this little gem . After half a box of ammo , which is getting very ecpensive , neither was anywhere near where they should have been and I had to resort to borrowing a laser unit to properly get them on paper . My scpes are fairly big -LRB- 50mm -RRB- and I need a little taller base . I believe this unit assumes they are mounted very close to the received.It 's a good thing I bought this with a gift card , so it really did n't cost me anything . But do n't waste your money .
 Since I 've bought the bike -LRB- about a year ago -RRB- I 've gone through two belts on it . The company was good about sending me a free replacement belt , but the design of the bike is flawed . This bike might be ok if you plan on peddling like a slow poke , but if you want any type of workout I 'd look elsewhere . I 'm looking for a replacement bike now .
 It 's not libel if it 's true . I ordered this bike and the 1st bad sign is the parts bag was not included . Ok company resolved that . About 4 weeks peddling the silent bike began to make the most awful noise which is obviously coming from the rotor . It is not fixable . Do not buy this pos or you will be sorry .
 I purchased this product based largely on customer reviews so I thought I better put in my two cents worth.Seller was good and fast although box came in very damaged condition.Bike was quite easy to put together , but I do n't like it.I do n't know who thought up the handlebar design , but I find it awkward and uncomfortable to use . -LRB- too far forward -RRB- Also the seat is at the wrong angle -LRB- and unadjustable -RRB- . In use it is jerky and not at all smooth . The pulse feature did n't work.I 'm sorry I bought it and will only use it until I find a better model . I 've used some good bikes and some bad and although it is not the worst , it 's pretty bad.Maybe you 'll like it better .
 I bought this on amazon and used the free shipping and received it about a week and a half later ... Took it out of the box , it 's pretty simple to put together -LRB- took about an hour -RRB- . But after about 20 minutes of riding the bike on tension # 6 the rubber belt has flipped off it 's wheel -LRB- like a bike chain off its gears -RRB- . The bike is now completely useless as there is no resistance anymore . And I ca n't get to the belt to try and fix it because the cover is impossible to take off without breaking it . Tried calling customer service but they are only open on weekdays 9-5 , going to have to call them from work on Monday.Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to get a more quality item than this . It 'll save yourself a trip to the dump , too . This bike is a piece of junk .
 Description of bike was misleading . Weight limit of person using this exercise bike should have been part of description . Small print in booklet accompanying bike says it is unsafe for more than 250 pounds.Although I weigh slightly less than this , I am afraid to use the bike for fear of it falling apart . I would not have purchased the bike had I seen this limit in the description . Also , the directions for operation of this bike are very complicated . I thought I was purchasing a simple exercise bike , not such a complicated piece of machinery . This bike would be perfect for a younger , more athletic , slimmer person .
 Arrival was fast . Case looks protective . What I did n't like was the size . It 's huge . I did n't like the tripod as I bird and needed one to view from standing position not lying on the ground . Just d n't fit my needs . As far as quality of scope , did n't spend time with it , the size overwhelmed me . As far as returning no hassle except fit the 60 day credit - seemed excessively long .
 The scope is fine but it came in a soft case , not a hard one as advertised . I am sending it back . This kind of order -LSB- un -RSB- fulfillment is not acceptable . Nor is the unnecessarily complicated return label process . We will find it hard to order from Amazon in future . If the product came from LG Outdoors , then Amazon has poor oversight . If the product came from Amazon , then Amazon needs to have a more accurate product description.This is not a review of the scope , which is good for the price , but of Amazon 's customer service .
 After using this product for about a month , the plastic tab that connects the lid to the container is cracking due to the weight of the lanyard . Soon it is crack all the way through and render the lanyard useless .
 Cuando yo compre , la descripcion del producto decia `` SEASTAR HK6400 STEERING KITS WITHOUT HOSES THE ULTIMATE STEERING SYSTEM FOR HIGH SPEED SINGLE OUTBOARDS '' , y despues de comprarlo me llego el juego de mangueras y ningun Kit HK6400.Yo le reclame al proveedor y este me indico que en anuncio tenia mal la descripcion y que les devolviera el producto . Ahora yo estoy en Venezuela y me cuesta mucho dinero retornar el producto y no tengo mi kit HK6400.QUE IRRESPONSABILIDAD !!!
 !! Any other sword is too big !! I ordered 2 of these after seeing them ` Frequently Bought ' with another Sword I was purchasing . Since I was getting 2 swords I figured , I 'd get 2 Frogs as well , Big Mistake . The Frogs do not adjust and actually do not fit either sword I purchased that were both ` Frequently Bought ' with them . The frogs are of good quality material , and since they do n't look too professional , that 's just about all they have going for them . If you buy a RAPIER they might be okay for a cheap fix , but nothing else . Do yourself the favor and buy something that is adjustable , and even something that looks better . It would cost me more money to return these items then it would to keep them , so I am stuck with them . Hope this helps you like it would have me .
 This frog fell apart when my husband used it . The first time he wore it , one of the bands came undone . Since he had no other way to wear his sword with his costume , he tried using it a second time - the remaining loops came undone . The sword he uses fits properly , so I do n't believe it 's a matter of size , but that the frog ca n't handle any kind of weight if you have an actual sword . Do n't buy !!
 Very cheaply made . I would not recommend this at all . Very thin leather , feels almost like cardboard . I could make a better one and I will .
 I ordered this product primarily based on the description and the picture , and I was pretty unhappy with the results . Lesson learned-I 'll read the reviews next time . This is DEFINITELY a rapier frog , but I have trouble believing it would fit any other sword type at all . There are no snaps , JUST rivets , meaning there is NO way of adjusting it . The center piece of the frog was very low quality material and just from simple handling it has cracks and wear lines.The loops are good as far as I can tell but its hard to say anything else about it because is functionally useless as a sword frog.I would NOT recommend!I would NOT buy again !
 Very low quality . rusted bolts and the straps are not adjustable . :-LRB- I would not recommend this product to hold a sword .
 I found after I received this item that the pouches are not very usable due to the sizes that they are . It is perfect for holding fish as long as you do n't need to carry much fishing gear as well -LRB- which I do cause I am great at getting my line caught on things -RRB- . Unfortunately I was disappointed and only use this one as a backup . I do like the color !
 I spent the better part of one morning this week trying to buy one of these in my town . Three large sporting goods stores carried them . The first one I bought had the strap sewn on backwards . I took it back . At each store I went to , everyone was assembled backwards . One was even sewn with the strap twisted so that it would have to be re-sewn to hang right . The quality overall is great except that they are useless unless you take the strap off and sew it on right . I have been using this kind of creel for over 40 years and this is the first time I have seen this problem . What do you expect from China ?
 So I wanted a cheap creel in case I decide to not release something I catch -LRB- a rarity -RRB- . Well careful what you wish for , because for less than $ 15.00 I got this decently constructed creel which was of higher quality than I expected , but there is a caveat on the tag that says it may contain lead . This is somewhat troubling because , now I 'm not sure if this is something I should keep , due to issues of lead in trout streams . I 'm sure the minor amount of lead in this very light creel is negligible , but I would have appreciated a little blurb on the product description about its leaden construction . I 'll probably hang on to it until I find something better -LRB- and lead-free -RRB- .
 I order 2 extra long shirts to try . I ordered 1 red 1 grey . When the package came the first thing noticed was the red shirt was in a smaller bag size than the grey shirt . Upon opening , the grey shirt had cardboard that the sirt was wrapped around . The red shirt had no cardboard that the shirt was wrapped around . The grey shirt had no size tag on the back of the neck for the size just a stamp and made in Pakistan . The red shirt had tag with the size Russel brand and made in Pakistan . I put the grey shirt on , it on and it was very good in size and length . Loose fitting all around and nice and log . I then tried the red shirt , it was tight fitting , almost choking me around the neck and clearly shorter in length than the grey shirt that came in the same package . I placed both out on the bed and the red shirt was around 2 inches shorter in width 3 inches shorter in length and the neckline was an inch shorter and the sleeves were not as wide.Maybe they shipped me a returned shirt that was washed and shrunk ? Who knows but a 2XT with 2 different packaging , tags and sizes is not acceptable quality imho . I will be returning both shirts .
 Quality not very good . My expectations for a Russell Athletic product were not met . To me , the material was of a very low grade .
 this shirt started out at 34 '' length after wash and dried on low heat it was 32 '' inches long so cant where it which is bad new because it cost a lot more than the others i bought of other brands , i would recommend no one over 6.0 to 6.2 buy this i am 6.7 and it is way to short unless you like showing you back off and if that 's the case save the money and do n't wear a shirt
 For years I have loved Russell Athletic products -LRB- I have one shirt that I have worn at least 500 times and it still looks new -RRB- , but then my local Academy stopped carrying them . Although I prefer to buy locally , I had no choice and so ordered from Amazon . One of the shirts I bought came out of its third laundry cycle with the sleeve seams split in several places . Not what I had expected !
 The first time my son wore this shirt the length was great , as soon as I washed and dried -LRB- on low -RRB- the shirt shrunk . Do not wash , this shirt will shrink drastically . At least 3 inches .
 The packaging had dead insects in it , and in one of the 3 shirts there was a hole in it , near the collar . Whether it was a sewing mistake or insect munching , I do n't know .
 At first I was thrilled that I finally found a 2XT Tee Shirt that was actually cut for a tall person and not a fatty.The material also had a nice thickness to it , which has become a problem with many garments of late.After some inspection , I realized that the construction of one of the shirts was so far off that I had to go back to see if I ordered a blemish or factory second.If you pay $ 30.00 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- for a Tee Shirt , you should n't expect such an awful job . One of the side seams is fine , but the other starts at the armpit and then takes a sharp turn , ending close to the middle of the back . Not only does this look ridiculous , but I feel the pulling from this terribly made shirt.The packaging said that this shirt was made in Pakistan , which might be the reason for this reject of a shirt.Shirt companies were having shirts made in Mexico and Honduras , which was a slight decline from what is made in the US , but this is just unacceptable.What is next , $ 40.00 for a Tee Shirt made in Madagascar ?????
 I ordered 3 of these and they were not only on the small side , they also had significant size differences between supposedly equal sized shirts ... Someone slip some irregulars into this batch ?
 I am very disappointed in the T-Shirt that I received . Not only does it have small flaws but it is NOT the T-Shirt that is pictured on the web site . I will NOT be ordering anything else from this vendor .
 We have purchased Russell Athletic tshirts in the past and they were very true to size . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' and this `` tall '' size is at least 4 '' -6 '' short in the length compared to Reebok , Nautica and Cutter & Buck . Such a disappointment . I even washed them in cold water . I will say that the quality of the material of the shirt is good but does me no good if he wo n't wear them . Will NEVER buy these again !
 I bought these shirts because i have a hard time finding good shirts for tall people -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' 270lbs -RRB- . These shirts all shrank up in just a couple of washed the carhartt tall shirts have been far superior to these and so I will not be buying any more of these shirts .
 Disappointing ! This t-shirt shrank about five -LRB- ! -RRB- inches in the length even though I followed laundering directions on the label .
 I bought Uvex Shooter Sport sunglasses two months ago . Within one month the plasic frame broke but was still usable - just now , it broke for good . Save $ 40 , do n't make the same mistake .
 I bought this set opened every pack out of 36 packs not one Emmitt Smith rookie card it was a waste of 20 dollars
 the product i received was not the product i ordered . when i tried to contact the seller there was no response . However , Amazon did take care of the situation with their A to Z guarantee . Thank You Amazon . this is why i continue to shop with you .
 I followed the instructions but found this glue to be not . That is , it did n't hold . Now maybe it works great on waders where there is no torque on the material , but on my Muck boots it lasted for a day and then simply gave it up.Very frustrating .
 I purchased this scope and was willing to pay a little more , because I had in the past had owned some Bushnell scopes . I was disappointed with the dot , it was blurry . If buying a red dot that is n't really a dot is ok with you , then buy it . I went with a Tru Glo TG8030TNB instead . That does n't mean I sponsor the Truglo red dots over Bushnell , only that usually their dot on TG is more an oval .
 Bought this to go on my Mossberg 535 slug shotgun . It mounted fairly easy but that was the only plus . The reticles flickered bright to low no matter what setting it was on making it difficult to aim . Took the battery out it came with and it tested low so put in a new battery and still did the same thing . Would not hold any adjustments when sighting in . This was definately I got what I paid for , this is my only experience with red dot sights and probably my last .
 Not a bad piece of equipment ... if you do n't mind looking through a straw ! Seriously , that 's my take . Yes , one can use it with both eyes open with practice , but be advised the reticle control knob and windage/elevation turrets will be visible and may interfere . By contrast , my Weaver V-3 scopes have nearly 2.5 times the FOV when set to 1X , where target acquisition is instantaneous and the sight picture is much less cluttered . I do like the dual colors and the multiple reticles ... and they score very high on my boys `` cool scale '' . Fit and finish are decent and seem typical of Bushnell . All knobs are thankfully snug but not overly so . I am not pleased , however , with the positioning of the battery and cover , ie right on top of the reticle brightness control . I found that whenever turning that knob counter-clockwise , we would inadvertently loosen the battery cover . If the cover was slightly smaller than the control knob instead of the same size , and slightly recessed , there would be no issues . We will overcome this with use though , I 'm sure . I will never mount this to one of my ARs due to the straw effect/limited FOV , but will have fun with it on our 10/22 . UPDATE
 If you are one of the lucky ones you will get a great scope for the price , solid built with nice features . In my case the image was doubled on all the setting and it did n't matter what intensity the light was set at . Really no excuse for this . Thankfully Amazon had no issues with me returning it and picked up the Aim Sports Red Dot Sight with 4 different reticles from here . It only has one color but the image is sharp and it was a third the price . So plus to Amazon for their competitive prices and fast shipping and minus to Bushnell that needs to spend some time at the manufacturer .
 I tried this out on my 44 super blackhawk , after about 60 rounds it lost zero . Not a bad scope I think it would work better for a smaller caliber or rifle .
 I was going to use this Bushnell red dot sight on my AR15 in 5.56 , but it never worked correctly . First off the control knobs were very hard to turn . The sight has 4 different sights in green and red , and they were all fuzzy on each brightness level . The package came with a new battery , and the sight kept fading in and out on both green and red , and with each type of sight - the brighter it was the easier it was to notice.This Bushnell red dot sight was really disappointing , since it would have been a nice package to have - it comes with rings , 2 colored reticles & 4 different sights . It was fairly light weight , and a good size to use on an AR , or other railed weapon . So for around $ 75 - $ 90 it 's not too high if it worked right .
 There is some ghost image issues with the one I purchased , it is however not a problem , good brightness , I like the different cross-hair/dot/circle + dot options , overall I am happy with it , I have it mounted on a Mossberg 500 Tactical so I 'll be at the range this weekend to give it a shot.EDIT
 The red reticles are all perfect , the green reticles all show a pronounced ghost image about 2 MOA to the left , rendering the green reticles useless .
 Disappointing ! This t-shirt shrank about five -LRB- ! -RRB- inches in the length even though I followed laundering directions on the label .
 I am very disappointed in the T-Shirt that I received . Not only does it have small flaws but it is NOT the T-Shirt that is pictured on the web site . I will NOT be ordering anything else from this vendor .
 We have purchased Russell Athletic tshirts in the past and they were very true to size . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' and this `` tall '' size is at least 4 '' -6 '' short in the length compared to Reebok , Nautica and Cutter & Buck . Such a disappointment . I even washed them in cold water . I will say that the quality of the material of the shirt is good but does me no good if he wo n't wear them . Will NEVER buy these again !
 I bought these shirts because i have a hard time finding good shirts for tall people -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' 270lbs -RRB- . These shirts all shrank up in just a couple of washed the carhartt tall shirts have been far superior to these and so I will not be buying any more of these shirts .
 I ordered 3 of these and they were not only on the small side , they also had significant size differences between supposedly equal sized shirts ... Someone slip some irregulars into this batch ?
 The packaging had dead insects in it , and in one of the 3 shirts there was a hole in it , near the collar . Whether it was a sewing mistake or insect munching , I do n't know .
 At first I was thrilled that I finally found a 2XT Tee Shirt that was actually cut for a tall person and not a fatty.The material also had a nice thickness to it , which has become a problem with many garments of late.After some inspection , I realized that the construction of one of the shirts was so far off that I had to go back to see if I ordered a blemish or factory second.If you pay $ 30.00 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- for a Tee Shirt , you should n't expect such an awful job . One of the side seams is fine , but the other starts at the armpit and then takes a sharp turn , ending close to the middle of the back . Not only does this look ridiculous , but I feel the pulling from this terribly made shirt.The packaging said that this shirt was made in Pakistan , which might be the reason for this reject of a shirt.Shirt companies were having shirts made in Mexico and Honduras , which was a slight decline from what is made in the US , but this is just unacceptable.What is next , $ 40.00 for a Tee Shirt made in Madagascar ?????
 I order 2 extra long shirts to try . I ordered 1 red 1 grey . When the package came the first thing noticed was the red shirt was in a smaller bag size than the grey shirt . Upon opening , the grey shirt had cardboard that the sirt was wrapped around . The red shirt had no cardboard that the shirt was wrapped around . The grey shirt had no size tag on the back of the neck for the size just a stamp and made in Pakistan . The red shirt had tag with the size Russel brand and made in Pakistan . I put the grey shirt on , it on and it was very good in size and length . Loose fitting all around and nice and log . I then tried the red shirt , it was tight fitting , almost choking me around the neck and clearly shorter in length than the grey shirt that came in the same package . I placed both out on the bed and the red shirt was around 2 inches shorter in width 3 inches shorter in length and the neckline was an inch shorter and the sleeves were not as wide.Maybe they shipped me a returned shirt that was washed and shrunk ? Who knows but a 2XT with 2 different packaging , tags and sizes is not acceptable quality imho . I will be returning both shirts .
 Quality not very good . My expectations for a Russell Athletic product were not met . To me , the material was of a very low grade .
 this shirt started out at 34 '' length after wash and dried on low heat it was 32 '' inches long so cant where it which is bad new because it cost a lot more than the others i bought of other brands , i would recommend no one over 6.0 to 6.2 buy this i am 6.7 and it is way to short unless you like showing you back off and if that 's the case save the money and do n't wear a shirt
 For years I have loved Russell Athletic products -LRB- I have one shirt that I have worn at least 500 times and it still looks new -RRB- , but then my local Academy stopped carrying them . Although I prefer to buy locally , I had no choice and so ordered from Amazon . One of the shirts I bought came out of its third laundry cycle with the sleeve seams split in several places . Not what I had expected !
 The first time my son wore this shirt the length was great , as soon as I washed and dried -LRB- on low -RRB- the shirt shrunk . Do not wash , this shirt will shrink drastically . At least 3 inches .
 I purchased theFuelBelt Gel Ready Race Number Beltabout a year ago in order to carry gel packs with me during longer training runs and races . It had the added benefit of being able to hold my bib number so I would n't have to stick pins through my jackets.Almost immediately , I noticed the belt would not stay in one spot . It constantly spun around my waist no matter how I loaded the gel packs . The problem persisted with bib number attached.After a few uses , the elastic on the belt started to lose it 's elasticity and after a little over a year of use , is on the verge of being unusable even with the belt fully cinched.The only thing keeping this product from one-star territory is that it does secure my gel packs without fear of falling out.This is my second equally disappointing product from FuelBelt -LRB- FuelBelt Sahara 22-Ounce Palm Holder with Pocket -RRB- and until they improve their quality control , I will not be purchasing any more FuelBelt products .
 I 've have a whole different -LRB- and negative -RRB- experience with this fuel belt for gels . I used it in the Boston Marathon and it was constantly rotating around on me so that my number was riding on my hips . I also ended up using a safety pin as before the race even started , one of the elastic cords on the belt -LRB- that hold the race # -RRB- caught on my jacket zipper and tore out the perforated whole that the cord has to go through . Then during the race one of my Honey Stinger gels dropped out of a loop and onto the ground -- this also happened in an earlier half-marathon where I stopped to pick it up -- but no way in Boston -LRB- I would have caused a wreck on the congested course -RRB- so I came up short a gel . In examining the belt I found that the stitching on one of the loops has torn and several of the loops are stretched out . This product is good in concept , but poor in design and construction . Think twice before staking any important run on this one .
 I thought this would help me on a recent triathlon , but when it arrived I was disappointed . The gel holders make it easy to rip your gels just trying to load them , and the squeeze-clips for the race number are very weak . I gave an extra star for the price - admittedly I got what I paid for .
 Item received was not as described on Amazon . Amazon listing said `` Lures - 1/12 oz - 3/4 oz . '' The picture showed about 8 Lures with a cost of $ 47.00 , which had been reduced to $ 2.95 . I placed the order and a 5 days later received only 1 single Lure . This Lure I could have bought at Walmart for about $ 2.00 . I called the company and they blamed Amazon for making a mistake on the listing , but they have done nothing to correct it . I am unhappy and very disappointed with this company .
 Item received was not as described on Amazon . Amazon listing said `` Lures - 1/12 oz - 3/4 oz . '' The picture showed about 8 Lures with a cost of $ 47.00 , which had been reduced to $ 2.95 . I placed the order and a 5 days later received only 1 single Lure . This Lure I could have bought at Walmart for about $ 2.00 . I called the company and they blamed Amazon for making a mistake on the listing , but they have done nothing to correct it . I am unhappy and very disappointed with this company .
 I mounted the banner 6-24 on a Rem 700V 308 . It worked ok for about 110 rounds . Apparently recoil killed it . When I would fire , the scope would blur slightly . It would not hold zero anymore . I wasted a box of custom loads trying to figure it out . Took it off and shook it , and there is pieces rattling around inside . I am sending it back to Bushnell for warranty . They say it was shock tested on , and rated to , a .375 caliber ... whatever that means . If they choose to fix it I might try it on my 243 , but its probably more suited for a very small caliber gun . Go with a Nikon or Leupold . You wont regret it in the long run .
 I ordered this scope , ended up with a dusk & dawn scope . The did a partial credit . When I went to use it , I noticed two rings jiggling around in the scope , large medal ring , and a small platic ring.We currently have the scope in the mail to Bushnell -LRB- lifetime warranty -RRB- . I never mounted or dropped this scope . It sat in box for a month until i went to use it . I did not notice the jiggling of the parts when I first opened it.Pretty sad on someone 's part.November 3rd 2012 . I still have not received my scope back from Bushnell , and was told I would not have it until the end of November . The scope is covered but they said this one was on backorder.December 4th 2012 . I called to see if the scope was sent . It was not , and I was told it was still on back order . They said it would be another 30 days . After 3 months and a promise they would have it at the end of DEC , I jumped ship on this particular scope . I swapped the scope for a Red Dot they have in stock . For this resolution , I 'll raise them a couple of stars , but it really was a pain . I will say the customer service was very friendly , it was just that they did n't have the scope I ordered . I asked for a Supervisor this time and he was able to exchange/swap the scope with a Red dot of equal value.WILL UPDATE WHEN I RECEIVE THE SCOPE .
 The item shown is a clima-cool tank . You can see that on the back in the picture . The item sent , is not . It 's just a rough farbic tank . I have a red version of the clima-cool tank show in the picture and it 's a completely different fabric/feel .
 Very rough fabric . I do n't like it . My $ 16 Champion Running T , I bought from Target is much metter and softer.I rerurned this product to amazon anyway .
 The item shown is a clima-cool tank . You can see that on the back in the picture . The item sent , is not . It 's just a rough farbic tank . I have a red version of the clima-cool tank show in the picture and it 's a completely different fabric/feel .
 Very rough fabric . I do n't like it . My $ 16 Champion Running T , I bought from Target is much metter and softer.I rerurned this product to amazon anyway .
 Great slipper -- could NOT find the size chart anywhere , when trying to place the order . What does Medium mean for a men 's shoe ? I thought that my 12 yr . old son would surely be able to wear them . I was wrong on Christmas -- Medium meant too small . Irritating .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I had this shipped twice as the first one was the wrong size and the second when I started to assemble it , I stopped as it was smaller than I thought and did n't seemed to be built well at all .
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 My son got this for Christmas and has n't been able to use it yet . The plywood with it is n't great ... problems with screw holes and it does n't sit level . We actually need to replace it ! Box arrived severely trashed . There must be an easier way !
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 I thought this would be a good band to help with my knee problems and was only doing three sets of 10 bend and stretch knees . After a week it broke . I made sure that it was well kept , no contact with oils because I know that can be bad for rubber and latex products . So I can only say this product was not worth the money and my next band will be a heavier one from another company .
 This band broke after about 2 years of not very intense use . It always felt somewhat flimsy without good resistance .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 I bought the blue 2 pound Stott pilates toning balls quite some time ago and continue to be pleased with them . They fit perfectly in my hands and are comfortable . According to the Amazon description , the blue 2 pounders and the green 3 pounders are both 10 cm high - this is absolutely not true . The green toning balls are significantly larger and are too hard for me to hold , rendering them useless to me . The green ones are also hard , not malleable like my blue 2 pounders . I give the blue 2 pounders five stars ; if I could give the green 3 pounders zero stars , I would .
 I just ordered two Stott Pilates Toning ball in pink . They came dirty as they were used and the worst part is they are not filled properly with the sand . One is bigger and softer than the other . This is my second purchase . First I ordered two pounds ball in blue . One came bigger than the other . I used these balls at a Stott Pilates Studio and they look totally different . They are nice and shinny . The one I bought from Amazon , the color is pale . They look OLD or used .
 I ordered two 2lb toning balls . One was solid and was true to its weight ; the other one had leaked its contents -LRB- sand -RRB- so it was flabby instead of firm . I ended up returning it for another ball ; the next ball I got was OK but still not solid .
 The gym I go to has two pound Stott Pilates Toning Balls and I like them , so I wanted to order these Stott one pounders for home . The 2lb versions at the gym squish to conform to your hand so they 're easy to grip . These are much larger -LRB- even though they 're 1lb instead of 2lb -RRB- and do not conform to your hand like the 2lb ones at the gym . The contents inside slosh around since they are so large , which leads to an unbalanced feeling . I 'll probably end up returning them .
 I have used this product in my gym so I thought I would like my own . When I put my order in I assumed that there are a pair in the purchase . I got one . Amazon should specify how many are there in each purchase . They sent me another one but charged for it . When I sent it back I am not sure if I get a credit . Just poor management on the part of Amazon.com .
 Ordered 2 of these . One if perfect and malleable . The other is as hard as a rock . Both shipped from Amazon so you would think the packager at Amazon would catch this . Now I am stuck paying for the return . Completely dissatisfied and Amazon gets a 0 for this one .
 Pilates ball not inflatable . Had to be returned . More than one person tried , and we even took it to a gas station to use air compressor , but could n't make it happen.Martha
 I ordered two of the green 3 lb . balls and they are two different sizes . The bigger one feels like it has sand and air in it . The smaller one only has sand in it and it is n't even round ! They both have the same UPC # though . I wish I had read the other reviews first before I placed my order .
 I expected a solid ball I could use to excersize with . This ball is puffy and air filled . I have no use for it at all .
 I love STOTT and all of their equipment . However , I have had these weighted toning balls for a handful of years . When I received them , one was more stretched out than the other . I thought that after awhile they would even out ... I have had them for a few years and they still are uneven . As a result , I hardly ever use them . Such a bummer . I recently found out that the batch I got had a defect with them , but I have had them for so many years that I ca n't return them , even though they are basically brand new . I do recommend this product , but if you receive product that seems like unequal distribution , return them asap , as they wo n't stretch out and ever become even .
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 This item is exactly what 's in the picture . It 's a lightweight foam pad . However , I needed something to raise the back of my English saddle and this pad was just too squishy . As soon as weight was in the saddle , the pad was flattened , not doing the job I needed it to do . I do n't think riser is the correct word for this pad . The foam is not firm enough to raise the saddle when weight is placed in the saddle . I must also say the company did ship the pad quickly and well packaged .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 These balls are top quaility however the listing was for a dozen balls so when I got my package I was very dissapointed to find out that there was only 6 balls not 12 as promised . Amazon did correct the problem by refunding me half the purchase price .
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 the hat is fine but size is not correct . the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labeled . will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against them
 I got a pair of this a while ago , and I did n't open it until now , only to find it has an enormous hole in it . Now is too late to return it or to leave seller a feedback , so I guess the only thing I can do is advice people to open the package as soon as you receive it , so you can take action if something is wrong with the product . Very dissapointing .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 The photograph accompanying this ball made it appear much larger than it proved to be . I returned mine , as I had expected a much larger one .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 The instructions for this watch are so confusing and unclear that I have not yet been able to even set the time on the watch .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 THE COMPANY THAT SELLS THIS PRODUCT USUALLY SELL GOOD PRODUCTS , NOT THIS ONE . THIS IS THE WORST SQIUEGGIE ON THE MARKET . IT DOESNT FIT A TIPPMANN 98 CUSTOM , A5 , OR CUSTOM PRO . AS A MATTER OF FACT THE PRODUCT BROKE AFTER ONE TRY TO FIT THROUGH THE BARREL . THIS SQUEGGIE IS SUUUUUUCH BAD QUALITY , IM SERIOUS , I WOULD NOT EVEN ACCEPT THIS PRODUCT FOR FREE . THIS IS THE SUCKIEST SQUEEGIE , AN OVER PRICED PIECE OF SQUEGGIE . DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY
 I got this squeegie , i used it in my 14 '' barrel , I thought the cotton part would get smaller as i tried to force it into my barrel , but it didnt , it got stuck ... then i pulled really hard to get it out , then the wire snaped off the cotton part and the rings were stuck in my barrel , got them out with my drum sticks , dont buy these
 Does not fit any barrel ! After a lot of cutting I managed to use it , but it scratched my barrel in the prosses : -LRB-
 This squeegie does n't fit through any barrel at all . REALLY !!! DO N'T BUY THE JERK
 I liked the placement options of the 360 however as this unit was used by my two boys -LRB- 9-10 yrs -RRB- to hit the inside and outside pitches the ball holder was destroyed . This unit probably ok for young kids with slow bat speed , but as strength increases this unit will not hold up . Upgrading to -LSB- ... -RSB- this unit is used by colleges/pros alike .
 I would like to see Derek Jeter try and hit off this pitiful tee . Very cheaply made , and very flimsy . No way anyone over 10 years old could use this tee . Very disappointed .
 I just got this tee today . I took my kids to the park . After 12 hits from my 8 year old daughter and 5 from my 5 year old son it snapped . The plastic piece the two screws on the side go into snapped . There was one mishit from my 5 year old . Very disappointing and I will be buying a different brand today .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I 'm in complete agreement with the customer that posted a review on 12/12/2003 . The reason I bought this watch was for the `` self-setting '' feature . I live about 20 miles north of the city of Chicago . I also only get a good signal about once a month . I have also tried to get a signal in Milwaukee , Denver , and Las Vegas with no luck . Basically , if you take away the self-setting feature there is really nothing on this watch that you ca n't get for much less money.Oh , and I also agree with the customer that talked about the scratches on the crystal . I 've never had a watch that scratched so easily .
 Overall I wanted to like this watch , but after 6 months the plastic crystal has accumulated so many scratches it looks much older than it is . Just look at it sideways and it picks up another scratch . The features are great , and the atomic precision is very nice , but the crystal is cheap and a poor design . I 'd love to see all these features in a decent quality package , till then I 'm wearing my Skagen .
 I basically like the idea of the watch . But the main claim to fame is the ability to receive the correct time automatically . I live within the range of the transmitter , but the watch does not often receive the correct time . Currently , it seems to get the correct time about once a month . Sometimes I can stand outside and point the watch in an easterly direction and get the time to synch . Sometimes I 'll put the watch in a different position at night in the house to see if it will connect with the time signal . But at some point , you have to ask yourself how much time you want to invest in getting your watch to `` automatically '' synch to the correct time.Also , sometimes the watch goes kind of crazy . Last month in November the watch suddenly decided that it was some completely different time in March . I figured that I 'd let the watch reset itself . Well , it never did.Now it is true that you can reset the time manually . But I found the controls a little difficult to understand.When the automatic time update feature works , it 's great ; you literally have the perfect time . When it does n't work , which in my experience is most of the time , you have a watch that 's basically like any other watch , except that the controls to set the time are somewhat harder to understand than watches that are meant to be manually set.The watch currently resides in a drawer . Maybe some day I 'll take it out . Or maybe not .
 I received this watch 3 months ago as a birthday gift . Loved the watch , the features and look were great . Then this week , the plastic piece that is the bracket for the band broke off when I took it off . The plastic material it was made of appears to be substandard .
 the first time i went swimming -LRB- not diving -RRB- , water got into the watch . it 's so fogged-up , i ca n't read the time .
 I bought this watch about a year ago . It was pretty convenient when I traveled and I loved the look on my wrist . Unfortunately it stopped walking about seven months after I bought it . Casio did repair it and it walked for another five month and Stopped again . caso is asking me to pay them to repair it again for the price I bought it 40 $ .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I was not happy with this product , the tails came off in my box . Product arrived in a timly manner , and were what i wanted .
 I purahsed the airsoft pistol and it did not work . After unsuccessfully trying to get it to function for about 1 hour , I called the vendor . They said they would credit me for the cost . This was about 7 weeks ago . I still have not received my credit to my credit card account . So I am very dissatisfied .
 I bought this on a lightning deal and gave it to my husband for Christmas . We played with it about 5 minutes . The ball is made of foam as well as the paddles . The ball barely bounces . You have to hit it a lot harder than normal to make it over the net . Then when you expect the ball to bounce back up so you can hit it again , it just kind of rolls on the table . This is not fun - just another source of frustration .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 It worked poorly from the start . And lasted about a month before giving up the ghost completely . What a waste of money !
 I was very excited to get this pedometer . It looks good and reviews were not too bad.Now that I have gotten this pedometer , I am finally able to leave my honest review . If you have to change the battery , grow claws in order to open up the back . To view your distance walked/calories burned , etc.That 's another challenge . These are terrible design flaws.the item is NOT that cheap . I am honestly very disappointed ... the jury is still out on how well it functions .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I was not happy with this product , the tails came off in my box . Product arrived in a timly manner , and were what i wanted .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 Poorly designed - broke in the first day . The plastic on the clip is weak , and with repeated use got weaker and eventually broke .
 if ur just abought messing around with airsoft this is a good pistol . all in all it is just cheap chinese junk for ppl who are not serious abought this sport.pros --------- Durrible-fun to mess with.-nice realistic weighted clip.-does not hurt my firends like some guns do.-has a mount for a good scope.-has a mount for a good laser.-looks cool with just the laser on it.cons --------- it 's very cheaply made.-the scilencer is stupid looking and does n't scilence !! - the scope does not lign up at all.-THE LASER SIGHT is why i bought this item and the batteries came exploded , so i bought new ones and it turns out that the whole thing was ruend !!!!!! - the cocking action is much harder than a real gun and realy hurts your fingers.-the gun just doesnt feel right in my hand and my firend agrees.-50 % of the time the the bb goes wheir ur aiming and the other 50 % of the time it goes to a diferant plase just below and to the right of wheir ur aiming . no it is not just me.-fps are not the best.-only accurate for 40 feet .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I ordered this item for a Xmas gift , however when we put the picture in with the matting it did not fit , the frame and glass were crooked so picture did not fit . However you could not see this in looking at the product only when you tried to fit the picture and matting together in the frame.Very disappointed in this item and would not order anything made by the Memory Company again . I have also contacted the Memory Company who makes this frame to see what their response will be .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 We bought these for my son and within a minute of riding his bike the `` tire '' on one of them split in two and fell off ... as did my son . Thankfully he was n't going too fast.I have only heard good things about Bell Products , so I assumed it was just that we got unlucky and so we bought a replacement set . This time the tire came off the wheel altogether and I am very , very thankful that I was running alongside my son as he raced down a hill so I could catch him before he face planted on the asphalt . These are flawed and DANGEROUS . I do not recommend that anyone buy these !!!!!!! I will be contacted Bell about them when their office opens on Monday . If I could give this review a ZERO I would .
 I got these training wheels for my son . I did get them to fit on his bike , but they are horrible . The slip out of place , are unstable and did not keep the bike upright . Rather than giving him confidence on the bike , they made him less sure of himself .
 These wheels do n't last . The rubber came off one after the first day and I could n't keep it on my son 's bike . I kept putting it on , but finally it came off and we could n't find it . He road on just the platic and it worked better . Of course it was about 4 days until the rubber on the other tire came off and the plastic started to wear down . These are horrible and a waste of time and money ... . The cheap cheap plastic ones are much last a lot longer with less issues .
 I bought these training wheels for a 20 '' girls bike and agree with the other two reviewers that this product did not work and made my child less sure of herself . Even with ` pre-loading ' the springs , the bike seemed like it was going to tip over if the grade of the road changed . I would not recommend this product and returned it within three days and purchased steel training wheels . They have made a huge difference .
 I bought these for my son and they say on the package that they will work on a 20 '' bike , the directions show what should be a hole to attach them for a bike that size - problem ? The actual product does n't have the hole that is shown in the directions for a 20 '' bike ! We put them on anyone thinking that maybe the directions were wrong since the packaging claimed they would work and the wheels just kept bending upwards and the bike tipped over . So now I am looking for new training wheels and my little guy is reluctant to even try again .
 We bought this for my daughter 's 20 inch bike . They did not fit properly on the rear wheel bolt at first -LRB- bolt was too short for this thicker-than-average installation hardware -RRB- . We were able to get them on there with a ton of work and compressing the bike frame to get them to fit on the bolt , but then we discovered that the suspension system is too springy . She falls right over because of the give in the wheels , and she 's only 50 lbs . If she leaned just a bit to the right or left , the spring system bent too much and tipped her over .
 my 80 pound daughter feel with these as they spring/coil is to flimsy !!! original idea but not practical and safety hazard for the kids .
 I purchased an 8 foot ballet bar for my daughter . I checked the package for all the parts since the box had been damaged during shipment and they all were there . When I tried to put it together Christmas Eve , the holes were not placed in the bar that was sent to me to attach the legs . There were no instructions as to where the holes should be , so I contacted Amazon and the seller -LRB- on Christmas Eve -RRB- . Still have not heard back from the seller ... and it is now New Year 's Day . I submitted this review before , but it was not posted .
 I purchased an 8 foot ballet bar for my daughter . I checked the package for all the parts since the box had been damaged during shipment and they all were there . When I tried to put it together Christmas Eve , the holes were not placed in the bar that was sent to me to attach the legs . There were no instructions as to where the holes should be , so I contacted Amazon and the seller -LRB- on Christmas Eve -RRB- . Still have not heard back from the seller ... and it is now New Year 's Day . I submitted this review before , but it was not posted .
 Wash number one . The inseam on the bottom of the T shirt disappeared . Wish I could just return it but now as my brother is n't too excited about returning the gift , someone will have to spend time on the sewing machine to fix it .
 I bought the satin pink color Razor for my grand daughter . She is not careless with her sports equipment . I am very disappointed that after only a few months , the color coating on the helmet is chipping off in dime size hunks .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 My wife bought me this watch as a Christmas present last year and while I like the craftsmanship , the watch face is VERY DIFFICULT to read even with excellent eyesight that I have . It 's too bad because I do like it but you literally need a magnifying glass to read the hands .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 This combo was a gift to my grandson . His dad tells me he hooked and was reeling in a 21/2 to 3 pound fish when the gears in the reel were damaged . Amazon replaced the product , and I hope it was only a defective sample . Else , only plan to catch small fish .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I 've had this attached to my S&W ; M&P 9 ; for the last two trips to the range . Before I was able to get this product to the range , I had the problems detailed below . After my second time , they are far worse.For starters , the laser turns on less than half the time . Secondly , after firing a few rounds , the part that holds the battery in and contains the on/off switch of the unscrews itself to the point where , if the laser were working in the first place , the laser shuts off . Finally , the on/off button on the LED flashlight does n't work at all.Don ' t bother wasting your money on this product .
 Would not sight in , the parts immediately came loose when trying to sight it in , making it frustratingly impossible to get started .
 The product took 6 days longer to arrive than what was quoted . When I popped in the batteries , I noticed that the flashlight did n't work at all . Returned
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I am completely pissed about this item ... the product dimensions state 7.5 X 3.5 inch . Who measured this item ? . . The person who measured it ca n't READ a tape measure . The smaller dimension is 31/4 inch and with the plastic weld seam reduces max width of bill to 31/8 inch . . as a result i have some large bills with 1/8 exposed for damage and oxidation .
 So we really wanted this helmet to work out , but it 's just not comfortable . Looks cute , but just is n't comfortable .
 From reviews I thought this will the right , sturdy helmet fro my 5 & 7 yr old kids . WRONG.The helmet is large enough to fit my head ; unfortunately kids could hardly stop themselves from carving their name on helmets and ruining it thoroughly that they are hardly in position to return . Guess I will keep one for Mrs & paint another black so I can use it : -RRB-
 This is NOT for 5 years and up as the description indicates . Packaging that arrived with helmet states for 8 years and up . It is WAY TOO BIG for my 61/2 year daughter . Do n't have time to order another as skateboard camp starts on Monday . Very frustrating . However , the helmet itself appears to be great quality and looks great . amazon should update the description .
 I bought this product for my stepdaughter 's 8th birthday because it indicated 8 years and older . It was too small . The very next day , I was riding through the park and saw a 5 year old with this helmet on.Otherwise - it is a really cute helmet . Just make sure to measure your child 's skull and not go for `` age range ''
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 The Stiga Bart outs shorter than the standard table tennis net . It is about the same width as the table itself . Most nets are wider . As a result out did not fit . The length of the net should be listed in the description
 I guess the gel works , because it 's really bouncy , but the design of the seat kind of does the opposite of what it 's attempting with that hole .
 This seat is tiny and firm . I thought it would be good to try since it has `` gel '' and it has the space to protect your unit but the seat is not at all comfortable . After about 1 mile it starts to hurt your bottom . There is no chance in hell of relaxing on this thing , just look at it . It 's sooo tiny . Maybe if you 're a guy whose 5 foot 4 and weighs 140lbs , but if you 're near 200lbs or over , do n't even think about it . I think this is designed for racers like Lance .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I ordered this for my boyfriend , who has the blue with blue hat . He loves the blue with blue hat , and he wore it out . So i thought i got him a new one . When it came it was incredibly disappointing . IT COMES WITH A RED BILL ! IT LIES !!!
 i had ordered this hat with the blue bill . When i ordred it it had the picture with the blue bill on it . When i recevied it , it had the red bill on it and now the picture shows the red bill on it . I did not want this hat . I wanted the one with blue bill on it . I did n't have time to send it back and get the corrected one by Christmas . I 'm upset that they would advertise one thing and send me an alternate . Make sure you double check with vendor cause in this case , what you see is n't always what you get .
 To add to the confusion , I ordered this hat and recieved a blue hat with a blue bill , but without the baseball player logo . It only had `` SOX '' written on the front . So I sent it right back . Amazon should really be more consistent about the photo and the product they are shipping .
 Sent product unlike picture . Amazon said they would give full refund . Sent product back and was told I would receive ZERO refund . Email to Amazon not answered . Will not do business with seller or Amazon again . Amazon fine when things go well . No where to be found when there is a problem .
 since the return policy is such a hassle . Also it wo n't fit the airsoft gun right and we had to drill holes in it to make it fit .
 I ordered similar guns directly from this company . Their return policy is NON-EXISTENT ! They say you can return , but they will only `` attempt '' to repair and send the same gun back and say you only have ONE chance to send the gun back then it is yours . So we have 2 broken guns -LRB- because they do n't hold up for any length of time -RRB- and spent $ 200.00 . I am also going to report this company tho the BBB and Amazon.com . Order at your own risk -- if it breaks or never worked -- it yours and you are out the money !
 we purchased two things . an airsoft rifle and an airsoft gun . never received the gun . paid partial with a gift cert for amazon and balance on my debit card . I have asked multiple times for my money back by ck and i beleive a credit for amazon . We will never use it and would not log on to amazon because of the customer service . I feel the whole experience as a `` christmas gift from my nephew '' has been terrible . The rifle that we bought on the same order broke within a few hours . We are not very happy . I would not even rate this experience .
 The image really looks like a ceramic plate , with mottled edges , but these are melamine . The item description should have mentioned that .
 I never wear this top after having purchased it . The stripes have awkward stitches that irritate the skin touching them . The shirt itself hangs very awkwardly . I prefer fitted shirts for working out and this one kind of flares out at the waist on me and , therefore , is n't very flattering . I think I 've worn it once and will probably donate it soon . Generally , I have been pleased with Adidas products , but this shirt did not work for me personally .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 Never even got a chance to try it out . It striped while trying to site it in . Very cheap construction , terrible design for adjusting laser . Would not recommend . With full battery laser would only reach 50 to 60 feet . Outside casing very strong , inside was held together with cheap glue and the spring that holds the battery in place .
 I recently got a smith and weson SW9VE pistol.I bought this laser to go on it and after buying it found that it needs a adapter to make it work.Luckly I found a frind that had a Rurger that did not need a adapter to make it work.I went with a more expensive laser from Stingray and am very happy with it .
 The price is low and so is the quality . I ordered 2 and the laser would not adjust on one and then it stripped out . The second sight changed every time I shoot 10 rounds and that was on a 22lr pistol . I can only imagine how bad it would be on a higher caliber . Unless you want to re sight it every time you shoot a magazine then spend a little more and avoid the headaches !!
 1 've tried a number of laser sights and all of them so far have 2 ajustment screws . This one has 4 scews . I spent hours loosening and tightening them and finally gave up . The other laser sights I tried have a spring on the opposit side so you only need 2 screws . The best I 've been able get this one is about 3 '' low and 3 '' to the right at 25 feet .
 I received this laser sight and was actually shocked by how sturdy it appeared . I attached it to my XD40 and began trying to sight it in with the tiny allen wrench that 's included . Within the first couple of adjustments , one of the adjustment screws broken and fell into the laser housing , which forced the laser to be stuck pointing at at 45 degree angle . Not only that , but the laser itself just stopped working . I 'd save your money , or just put it toward a well made laser sight .
 A solid mount but a cheaply constructed laser assembly . The batteries are hard to install . Probably best done off the firearm which would likely require reaiming . I never had the chance because the unit was DOA . Batteries were good . I returned the unit and bought a LaserLyte SubCompact for four times the price and am delighted . Amazon is wonderful about returns if you still want to try the NcStar .
 I mounted this sight on my Mossberg 500 Cruiser . After I fired about 100 rounds the sight stopped working . I would mount this laser on low caliber firearms only ...
 Laser looks good mounted up on my S&W .40 but it broke after 2 or 3 shots . I 've tried everything to get it to turn back on with absolutely no luck . I 'll have amazon send me another , and am hoping for better luck , but at this point I ca n't recommend this product .
 It did not come with any supporting documentation on how to sight it in ... also the firing causes the laser to go off ... I will continue to tinker with it , maybe I 'm doing something wrong -LRB- again , I do n't know because it does n't tell you how to sight it -RRB- . If I can find a way to fix it I will update you ... until then save your money , because I 'm probably sending it back .
 I purchased one of these lasers last week and received it the other day . I honestly did not even bother mounting it on my gun . I got a 22 rifle , and a 22 handgun that I was considering mounting it on . I figured the recoil is minimal for both , so it should work ok.I took it out of the packaging , and turned it on . Low and behold , a red dot appeared inside my garage ... ok Im gon na put it on my rifle since Im heading to the range in about 20 minutes I thought . then I pointed the laser outside onto my driveway and it disappeared . I tried shining the laser onto every surface I could find outside in the sunlight , and it was not visible anywhere.Inside my garage , a fairly bright red spot about .75 inches appeared where I pointed it . However the slightest bit of actual sunlight completely washed out the laser . I mean , there was zero visibility in the sunlight . Even shining the laser on my driveway 2 feet outside of my garage -LRB- just into the sun -RRB- it vanished . I kneeled down and pointed it on the ground in the sun from like 2 feet away again and if I looked really hard I could vaguely make out a faint red dot on the ground.It took me all of two seconds to realize this thing was worthless . Im sure it would work ok indoors , in the dark etc. but outside its completely worthless . I may still mount it on my Walther P22 just because I wont be taking long range shots with that , and for inside my house -LRB- self defense -RRB- it might be beneficial if for some reason I grabbed the 22 instead of my 12 gauge.All that being said though , this laser is simply not powerful enough to be any good in my opinion .
 I was excited to mount this to my new Ruger SR40 and take it to the shooting range yesterday . After one shot it shut off and went in and out while I was shooting . Then the laser inside shifted when it did work so it was not accurate too . I 'm returning it now , and I wish it did work .
 Well , they say you get what you pay for ... and that is the case with this sight . I bought it for my Walther PK380 and it looks really cool on the the gun . I went to the range and fired 3 rounds and the laser stopped working . When I got home I took a good look over the laser sight and now it goes and comes on when it wants .
 I purchased this for around 10.00 on of the adjustment scres stripped out before i had a chance to sight the laser in . Too cheap to be effective .
 The screws to sight in the laser were stripped would be nice I was able to at least try to sight in but no going to waste a little more money to get a better one you should too !
 The laser sight did n't fit my sw40ve I had to buy a rail mount adapter once I did so it worked fairly well .
 After installing this laser and trying it out at the range a few of things became evident immediately . 1 -RRB- Every other shot the switch will flip itself off from the inertia of the recoil . 2 -RRB- Unless the battery cap/power switch is screwed in with a healthy dose of loctite , you can expect the thing to come unscrewed from the laser every third to fourth shot . 3 -RRB- The dot will not stay zeroed . The shock from the recoil has the thing in a slightly different position after every 2nd shot if not after every single shot . I installed it well , making sure all the mounting surfaces were oil free and put loctite on everything , but this laser just is not made to handle the shock from recoil when attached to a real pistol .
 I wish I could rate it zero ! The Allen screws broke/stripped before I could get it zeroed in . This was the biggest waste of money ! Buyers beware !!!!!
 I got this from ebay for the same price . The first thing I notice out of the box was the cheap construction . The on/off switch was made of cheap plastic . The rest was aluminum , I 'm pretty sure it was n't aircraft grade ... Instead of a dot the laser is a flat line . In my opinion you could get a better laser pointer from the store . Just remember you get what you pay for , so do n't be very mad if you get this and its not what you expected .
 Pretty much what I expected . Package had been opened & instructions were missing , however not too difficult to figure out . Shipper did include instruction on battery install .
 Laser did not fit firearm shown in link in Amazon search . Return policy of airsplat sub-subsupplier was not acceptable .
 Not impressed . I realize this is not an expensive item but I expected more.the alignment mechanism in the laser is very cheap and easily strips out . Would n't buy again .
 I had a lot of trouble with this item , not only because of its shoddy construction , but also because it was incredibly difficult to sight in . After having not too much luck with thePressure Switch for Red LasersI bought for this laser sight , I eventually gave up and reattached the original switch . I attached it to my WASR 10/63 and tried to sight it in using the allen wrench that came with it , only to find out that even the tiniest adjustment sent the red dot flying across the target . I shifted the little adjustment screws back and forth for about a half hour until I eventually gave up and threw this piece of crap directly into the garbage . This sight was a colossal waste of time . At least I got a couple of decent allen wrenches out of it .
 i purchased this product for my new XD9 and does not fit my guns rail , i just gave away my money ... also , after inserting the batteries and before trying it on the pistol , i noticed that it did n't work at all , the batteries are installed the right way so i guess the laser is faulty
 I was impressed by the laser and after reading some of the reviews had hopes . Alas as I read for some , it did n't hold it 's sight very well , and after about 2 clips it just stopped working . It may be a nice laser pointer , but as soon as you attach it to anything with recoil , it seems to vibrate itself to death .
 I loved the possibility of a low-cost laser pointer ; cheap , simple , and effective would be a great combination ! Unfortunately , this unit is not only difficult to sight in but it does n't hold sight location for pistols with ANY recoil . The really tiny hex screw adjustment system is very difficult to use - with non-intuitive interaction between different screws . Once sighted in and the screws tightened down , a single shot from a Walther PK380 - a medium-caliber pistol with an exceptionally light recoil - knocked the sight off-center . Also note that this is not a tiny sight - it barely fit on the Walther , which is a medium-sized pistol -LRB- 3.6 in barrel -RRB- . Would probably work great for an Air pistol/rifle or even 22 LR pistol/rifle . Not so for anything more powerful , unfortunately .
 OK , i consider myself fairly reasonable , but to be nice , i think this is the worst purchase i have made on amazon in the past four years . To start off , i did not even get a chance to zero this laser as before i had an opportunity it broke . The screws are next to impossible to zero any weapon with , poorly made , and made for as a pen laser . I would not recommend this for any shooter , not even an air softer . The only thing i can say is it makes my sig p250 look mean ! other than that , no reliable functionality .
 I own a Smith and Wesson Sigma 9mm and this laser did not fit the rail as well as it could have . I 'm sure if you can get one to fit a firearm , it would be an ok laser .
 Initially everything was great . I mounted the laser on my Sig Mosquito easily without effecting the slide -LRB- there have been issues with tactical mounts causing the slide to bind -RRB- . Attempting to sight in the laser was excruciatingly annoying . It never actually zeroed , there just was n't enough adjustment for it to actually work . Later I notice that the laser has a very hard time staying lit , it 's clearly not shock resistant . At least I got a decent dog toy for my black lab . She loves it . Overall , no problem with Amazon , just a low quality product .
 I just got this laser sight and a pressure switch for it yesterday , and it did n't even last the night . I could n't figure how to adjust the dot to be perfectly aligned with the iron sights on my airsoft gun . It took me like 5-6 hours alone just to try and figure out how to line it up , but not even close to perfectly . To top it off the laser dot was like a big blurry circle , though I think that 's just defective , so I 'm returning it for an exchange to see if a new one works any better .
 In short , the product had a built in short somewhere in the housing . Would have been to expensive to return for another , so bought a higher quality product .
 What you have here is a Laser . Thats it . You can mount it . But it will not act as a real site . Pass .
 What a waste of my money ! The switch is so sloppy you are lucky if it comes on once with 20 flips of the switch.Don ' t waste your $ $ $ $
 My first one did not work even with new batteries . The return and replacement was simple and fast but the replacement does n't work either .
 it looked like a great product till i started to adjust it , The screws fell in to the laser then when i went to retrieve it it wouldnt turn on again . Not gon na order another one of these again guess you get what you pay for .
 I read all the reviews before I put this laser on my gamo pt85 blowback took my time and carefully installed this to my gun . I got it dialed in to shoot rite on point . Then took a 5-8 shots and it was off site again . Did it all over again 5 more times and gave up ! It 's just for air soft or toy guns .
 Only cool for looks . If you want something like this that 's actually FUNCTIONAL , you 're gon na have to spend more money than this.The recoil of the gun -LRB- I had it on a Umarex SA 177 -RRB- tweaks the `` dialing in '' work out of use.Worthless for reliability , but cool in looks .
 I got it for a few months ago . It is small and nicely fit on my Beretta M9A1 making the gun look very cool :-RRB- I did a test drive at my local range last weekend , it did not survive the shock of 9mm , turned on/off and lost zero unpredictable . Just took it off , I can not rely on it for my home defense since I might shoot at my family members rather than the bad guy if a situation may happen .
 I was really very excited about the price on this , but as soon as I got it I KNEW there was gon na be trouble . I got it very fast , with all the parts , which is the only reason i gave this thing 1 star . As the old adage goes , you get what you pay for . I took it to the range , sighted it in , and within three rounds had to readjust , then , 3 more round , rinse and repeat for over an hour . So i decided to give it a break , sight it in and then go home , the next week i went back to the range per the usual , and put it on to see if it had improved while it sat in my bag -LRB- because gnomes tend to fix things at night -RRB- . But , low and behold , it was off set by a large difference , and so I just gave it the old tin burial . I would n't recommend this to my enemy.However , and its a fairly loose however , if you felt like putting this thing on one of your plastic pellet game guns , it might works as long as you never removed it , and that 's a HUGE might . If so , good luck with that .
 Well , what did I expect for the price ? What a horrific little piece of junk . Difficult to sight in and wo n't hold zero without Loctite on the adjustment hex screws , that is , if you do n't strip them out like 90 % of the buyers seem to have done with this little gem of Chinese engineering.It may be suitable for toy guns , like Airsoft , but not for real weapons.Save your money folks and buy a real laser , like a Viridian .
 I spent two days trying to sight it in but whenever I managed to get the laser spot in the accurate position , after a few hours it had moved again and I had to do the adjustments all over again . So basically it was useless from the very start.After two days of making adjustments , the screws that I had to fasten and loosen every time again to adjust the position of the laser beam , broke off and made this thing even more useless.Of course you get the quality you pay for . But at the end of the day , the couple of bucks that I tried to save buying this cheap product does in no way justify the amount of frustration that I experienced with this flimsy product.I am very frustrated by this product and advise strongly against buying it .
 I ordered this sight for my Glock 19 knowing full well it was cheaper and likely to have some issues , but I decided to give it a shot . The sight mounts on the accessory rail just fine , looks good and the laser is crisp . However , the sight is practically impossible to sight in . I spend 2 hours adjusting it and was never successful in zeroing the laser . Returning it .
 Do not waste your time on this product it arrived non-functional due to a grounding issue with the battery cover/switch . It is a good size and seems like it would be a nice addition to a range pistol ; however , it is very poorly constructed and likely would not hold up to the recoil and the battery cover would likely come unscrewed as there is no rubber o-ring to hold it in place .
 I own the same gun that 's shown in the picture . Yet the laser does not fit to my rail . How they got it to fit I do n't know but this is pretty much garbage .
 Average laser sight not perpect product but if you do n't have a budget to get a discent Red Laser Sight I can recommend this , its okay .
 I have an FN Herstal forty nine chambered in 9mm . It has an integrated rail that is standard width . This laser sight is too narrow to fit anything other than a bb gun or airsoft maybe but not a real gun , this thing is a toy do not waste your money . I tried everything to get this cheap thing to fit and nothing works . Atleast I 'm only out 20 bucks , buyer beware .
 ok I put this laser on a sig 22 pistol , very hard to zero , and the zero screw stripped.this is not a good product , its cheap , and it shows !!
 Bought for the cheap price to practice my trigger squeeze by dry firing and watching the gun movement . Fit great on my Sig 229 and decided to try some live fire with it . Switch is fairly easy to activate though it is small and cheap feeling . Aligning it with little set screws was a little time consuming but not imposssible . Worked great for 5 shots with the 40 cal but them it died . If you bang it and wait it would come back on but each shot from that point would casue it to go out . Might be good with a .22 but it ca n't take the recoil of a large caliber .
 Keep in mind I 'm writing this review from the standpoint of a firearm user and not an air-soft/paintball user . This laser would probably be excellent for an air-soft gun given the nonexistent recoil . However , I mounted this laser to my Generation 4 Glock 17 pistol and it malfunctioned very quickly . The lens came out of place due to weapon recoil and nothing could be done to get it back into proper working condition . At $ 15 , it was n't much of a loss , but it is still disappointing considering I was looking for a cheap laser that would do its job .
 Rail mount works great , adjustments for laser work alright , however ... the laser 's on/off switch does n't function correctly . Even in the on position the laser will randomly go off and you have to tap it for it to come back on . Now after about a week of use I 'm luck if the laser stays on 5 % of the time . The rest of the time it keeps shutting it 's self off because the switch is so janky . It 's not as if I can tape it down or something , it simply ceases functioning . Now I ca n't even use it . I might as well throw it in the trash . What a crappy laser .
 i got this laser for my sa177 bb gun . it works great i had to sight it properly now it shoots right where the laser is aimed atTheres one problem though , because the sa177 delivers a shocking blowback . the laser sometimes turns off , then you have to take the batteries out and put them back in . this is just annoying doesnt take that much time to do.but overall its a very good laser . very very long rangeeEDIT
 Took a week to arrive with expedited shipping ... do n't pay for that ! The sight itself would n't work right off the bat , I had to fiddle with it for quite a long time to get it to turn on and off correctly . Spend a little more and get something better offered by a different seller . Absolutely no instructions or documentation are included in the package .
 Maybe I got a lemon but I had to return it , found it impossible to adust it!Is easy to install , laser works great , looks cool on the gun and is a very good price.If you want to try it , you should ! Again , mine was probably damaged and good luck aligining that red dot : -RRB-
 This item did not work out of the box . Broken on/off switch BEWARE of CHEAP JUNK . The batteries were good and worked in another device .
 The laser was instantly defective . The adjustment screw for the laser was missing . I cant tell you how well it would hold up but I could n't even mount the laser to my rifle or sight it in . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Just received this laser sight today and I was excited to go try it out at the Gun Range . After the first shot the laser turned its self off . I shot two more rounds then it turned off again . After about the 7th round the laser stopped working permanently . Poorly made sight , would not recommend this sight for anyone to use with a real gun . It would probably work great for an airsoft gun .
 I bought these cages because I have a smaller frame bike and have had difficulty getting my bottles in and out of their cages . To call the Elite Ciussi Side Cage `` side loading '' is a misnomer . Yes , there is an opening on the side , but the opening is so small that I have to cram the bottle in with more force than is safe to do while riding . I 've conceded to top-loading the bottles , which is still difficult , but easier than side-loading , by comparison . The fit is so tight that I have to toggle the bottle to remove it . For the price , I would have expected something much more refined . I 'd return them if they were n't already an exchange . My cheap LBS cages do a better job .
 i felt pretty disappoint with this snack helmet , for those who ever have a real helmet you will fell disappoint for those who has n't it will feel ok .
 Do n't be fooled people , you are not going to get what the product description says you are getting !! If you contest this fact she will just cancell your order !! So what that says to me is that everybody that thinks they are getting the para-cord bracelets that have the 4 strand core , they are actually getting a 2 strand core . She gave me the option of just accepting a 2 strand -LRB- when it says in the product description that its a 4 -RRB- or she would cancell my order so i could re-order and pay more to get the one i wanted . To me thats false advertising and blatantly bad buisness ! So go elswhere if you want a good product .
 This bracelet style was originally designed by someone else and this person bought one and ripped off the design . I 'm not talking about using cord to make the bracelet ; I 'm talking about the specific way this `` person '' makes it.You can buy this fake if you want to , but the original designer was jumpmaster99 on ebay and his are the best . They are much better made than this knockoff .
 I gave this item 2 stars instead of one because it did arrive on time . Other than that the hoodie was poorly preshrunk where the zipper does n't align right and you have to fight with it to zip it up . And after normal wear , one week later a two inch rip has appeared on the inner seam of the right arm , a result from all of the lose strings that had to be cut away as the stitching in various places was coming undone when it was first opened . This shirt is warm I will admit and though it was very badly preshrunk , it was not faded . I like the oversized hood and simply wish the shirt was taken care of better on the factory 's side . Their methods for prewashing do a number on the shirt and the seams could have been better sewn . At this price its a bad buy , this shirt is something you 'd find in the $ 5 bargain bin in a department store and should n't be going for the $ 20 they 're asking for it before the shipping and handling even .
 I have worn many brands of hooded sweatshirts but this one is shapped strangely . The shooulders are so wide they hang well down my arms , yet the waist is considetably smaller than any other large sweatshirt I have purchased.I am keeping it as it is only for wear arond the house and not worth the effort to return .
 I ordered 3 airbeds on January 6,2006 . The description on Amazon is for the Swiss Gear model SG55613 airbed . You can verify that by going to `` wengerna '' site and looking under the Ourdoor Gear web pages . However , when you order this from Amazon , they are shipping the SG55013 model airbed . This model airbed does NOT have flocked sides and does NOT have an external air pump . So , you will be paying for airbed model SG55613 and getting the cheaper SG55013 model in the mail . If you look really closely further down in the Amazon page , you will see a model number SG55013 . Of course , this makes false advertising OK ????? Only order this if you want to be ripped off as a consumer . By the way , on the box a new sticker is pasted over the barcode with the description `` Swiss Gear Queen Swiss Comfort Airbed with External Inflate / Deflate Pump '' . The box is clearly the SG55013 cheaper model and so is the contents . Does a small sticker magically override the description on the box and change the contents of the box ???
 I ordered this airbed from Amazon and was surprised to find no pump . I had to rush off and buy an external pump that worked just fine . But be warned that this airbed DOES NOT COME WITH A PUMP .
 I ordered the airbed from Amazon and it did n't come with an external inflate/deflate pump .
 I purchased this bed few weeks ago . I had out of town visitors and ended up giving my bed to the visitors and I slept on this bed . Two complaints ... 1 -RRB- it is leaking air , so if you pump it up at night to a hard bed , it is very soft or not sleepable by the am . 2 -RRB- the area where it kinks up for a sitting up position is also troublesome when in flat position . There is a GAP there and you feel it when sleeping or should I say trying to sleep .
 My dad got this for me as a present . I was so excited when I first inflated it . It was noisy , but then , what else would you expect.The first problem became apparent immediately . I inflated/raised the head portion . And when I wanted to put it back down , it would not lay flat . You have to deflate the whole bed in order to start over flat.But that is no matter , because the mattress started to mushroom out at the bottom and would not stay fully , firmly inflated . It only got worse in the next few days . Just a big bean-bag bed . Like other reviewers , I could find no holes or leaks . I could n't detect that the valve was leaking , so I really do n't know what the problem was . It seems to be common though . Without being firmly inflated , it will cause you to lay in a bow position , making it impossible to sleep on your stomach . If you have back problems , forget it.The pump did get overheated pretty quickly . The sheet , while not sliding around due to the surface of the mattress , did not fit well.It was pretty easy to move when inflated . When deflated , it was so heavy I could hardly drag it around.But the bottom line is , if it wo n't stay inflated , the whole purpose is defeated.Luckily , I have the Amazon Prime and I returned the item for a full refund , no problems . Great service , bad product .
 . . this is a worthless product . The mattress deflates in six hours even tho no one has touched it . The company behind it is very spooky and barricades itself behind the appearance of recourse which is actuallyWenzel Signature Series Insta-bed Premium Queen Size Airbeddesigned to be impenetrable . No one should buy this product .
 I thought I was getting a great buy . My back was injured a number of years ago and I need to keep my bed light so I can move it when I change locations ... air beds have been the perfect answer for this and they give me the flexibility of being able to have my bed hard or soft depending on my current level of pain and what will help it to feel better through the night . Unfortunately , this bed did not hold air and I was often awakened by the very pain I was hoping to alleviate . As soon as one leak was repaired another appeared . I had to get a different bed . No thank you ...
 This air mattress is the worst there is . It is the most uncomfortable air bed there is , plus it does not hold air at all.As far as it reclines , it breaks your back to lay on it.I hate it .
 i purchased this item it seems to get little pin holes in the upper part i dont no how but it does the patches dont work its like its tape i tried everything to keep it flated it just wont work bottom part is fine though but with out the top it seems like your sleeping on a box spring
 Do n't ! This item suffers from significant problems . First , because of the way the bottom of the bed is constructed , there develops a large depressed area in the center of the bed making it very uncomfortable and unsightly . Second , the `` back rest '' portion of the bed has never folded completely flat so using the bed is again uncomfortable . And finally , after only three months the item is now leaking air making it worthless . I rate this $ 130 bed JUNK .
 Set up bed . Had trouble with the pillow part . It did n't go all the way down , suggested by the brochure.When we slept on the bed the first night , we kept losing air and the bed was slowly deflating . We checked for holes , and/or tears , found none . The air seemed to be seeping slowly from the valve . We inflated it every nite and by morning it was deflated again . Very uncomfortable , and frustrating , especially for my husband who slept on it . Since I have a back problem I slept on our 2 year old twin Aero bed which was like new.Don ' t know if I would trust another one ! Fortunately we were in our new Condo not on a camping trip . Our bedroom set was delivered 4 days later so we got comfortable again.Got in touch with Wenzel and they told us to cut out the logo on the bed , and mail it back with an explanation as to what happened , and send a copy of the bill . We just did that and are waiting to hear from them .
 Due to the consruction of the top section , the edges of the bed stay firmly inflated , but the center portion does not and you `` roll '' to the center of the bed whether you want to or not . Also , this makes it difficult to climb out of the bed . The portion of the bed that you can raise is a good idea for someone who has just had surgery -LRB- which is why I ordered it -RRB- , or for someone who likes to read in bed , but the manufacturer needs to work on the construction of the air chambers .
 I purchased this item for extra sleeping for guests coming in for Christmas . Set the bed up and inflated it to make sure it worked - by morning the top mattress was deflated by half . Refilled it and checked the next morning - same thing - with no one even sleeping on it !
 i recently purchase this item , i weight 140lbs . i used this product twice it become a bathtub where it sink in the middle and the both end corner rise up . this product is not supportive as they say from my experience .
 The pillow top portion of the bed started leaking after few times of use .
 Bed is not even after few hours of sleep , Very difficult if two people are sharing the bed , when one rolls in the sleep other person wakes worse still you will get up with back pain , shoulder pain even if you manage to sleep .
 Maybe not the best idea but i attempted to use this bed as my regular bed and after about 2 weeks it unsealed with a hole in a seam and that was that . it just couldnt be inflated for that long straight and be slept on for that long staight with a 150 pound guy on it so i give it a thumbs down for durability .
 This was a big waste of money . The first day of use , my two guest had to pump it back up about five times throughout the night.I thought maybe it was because two people were on it . A couple of monthe later I had another guest sleep on it . He had to do the same thing . IHe ended up sleeping on the couch . He thought it was a mre comfortable sleep anyway.Again , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 This bed was absolutely dreadful . The bed popped a hole along the seam after a mere couple of weeks . We tried to patch up the hole , but it kept getting larger and we had to replace the bed . I can only tell you to be careful if you buy this bed and keep your receipt . Our mattress is headed for the trash recycle bin , where it belongs . Shame on you Wenzel for selling such a bad product . Amazon customers beware of this product !
 Bought the raised airbed in December for a visit to Toronto at Christmas . . inflated the bed , it immediately started losing air , but the time mid morning arrived , , 2-3am . . had to inflate the bed more , and then again at 6am . . once air starts leaving the bed , it wraps around you and is the most awful feeling of being consumed by some slug or something . . Even the information that came with the bed , tells you to expect that all air beds lose air . . this is just not true . . Coleman makes a better bed . . and i wish Wenzel would stand behind their product . . a $ 130 . down the ole air hole , , R Guy Detroit Michigan . THIS PRODUCT SHOULD BE BAND FROM AMAZON
 The design of the bed is awesome . Unfortunately it would not hold air . There were no visible flaws . The instructions state that the bed will need additonal air after the bed is originally used . The bed would not hold air at all . -LRB- I only attempted to use it in the house and checked for possible problems there 1st -RRB- I purchased another bed assuming that the 1st bed had a flaw and the second one did exactly the same thing . I love the design but I am disappointed in the quality .
 This mattress has deflated on my guests since the first time I used it . Very aggravating because it 's a pain in the you-know-what to send something this large/heavy/bulky back .
 This airbed was at a great price from Amazon and I liked the idea that it could be raised up to a sitting position . Unfortunately , the airbed did not inflate completely . The air pump initially became `` strained '' then stopped with the bed inflated approximately 3/4 full . I repeatedly allowed the pump to cool then tried to fill the remainder but the pump continued to strain and stop without filling the bed . Clearly , the pump is either underpowered or defective . Either way this airbed is totally unusable and I 've returned it .
 I 'm back to revise my original -LRB- positive -RRB- review , apparently I wrote it prematurely . Since then I 've become very disappointed with this purchase . Today is November 29 , 2008 . I bought it to replace a Coleman camping mattress as a permanent nightly bed . I liked the Coleman , but it has a separate pump that seemed like a hassle . Plus I wanted something more durable.I was initially pleased with the Swiss Gear until the first leak appeared in less than 6 weeks of use . After dragging it into the yard to soap it down , I found a crack in a seam . It patched up okay , but it was still leaking elsewhere that night . Too cold to go outside again , I finally found the next crack after hours of listening through a piece of tubing . I patched it , and still needed to air the mattress up every few days . Now it wo n't last 4 hours once again.Back to the usual , roll it up , unplug and pull it out of the frame , then re-air it up to hopefully find the latest leak -LRB- s -RRB- . No luck , and I 'm really surprised to find some of the pillow-top seams have separated internally . The whole corner sticks up like a built-in pillow!Looks like I 'll need to bite the bullet and return this thing . That is , if Swiss Gear has decent customer service . And I suppose I 'll end up with another bad one for my effort and shipping costs , a refund is probably out of the question . We 'll see.So . I can not live with losing sleep every night because of a deflated mattress . Looks like I 'm back to sleeping on my Coleman -LRB- that cost one-fourth of the Swiss Gear -RRB- , until something changes.I 'll re-edit this review depending on the outcome .
 It was flat after one night of sleeping . We had to blow it up to capacity every night and would be sleeping on the ground by morning.Also , be aware that you need an AC outlet to pump it up ... it 's NOT for camping .
 I wear a 10.5 EE shoe and these socks fit tight out of the package . After washing the first time they shrank to 51/2 '' from heal to toe and 21/2 in height . Had to give them away after one use . Someone with a size 4 to 7 and a narrow foot may want to give these a try .
 I purchased these sox for my husband who has Parkinson 's Disease , and has trouble putting on sox . -LRB- The disease has limited his finger dexterity . -RRB- The sox came in a package of six pair . I opened the package and we tried to get them on his feet . It was difficult as the sox did not stretch . At the end of the day I had to help him take them off . After washing them I found they shrunk so much he could not wear them at all . I looked into returning them but because they came in a six pack I could not do so . I ended up giving them to a charity . This is the only time Amazon has disappointed me . I decided to only use Amazon for books , not other products .
 The socks are soft , but fit loosely on my foot , not snug . They are thin and after a few hours no longer provide absorption . Instead , they seem to get looser and often get creased under my feet.I ordered 24 pairs . About 3 socks came damaged when I opened the packages . I also do n't like that the paper that holds them together leaves glue behind .
 new york yankees `` franchise `` fitted mlb cap -LRB- blue -RRB- -LRB- x-large -RRB- ordered the hat believing it to be and extra large adult hat for my husband . received the hat and found to be much to small . found out from jr 's sports that the ad hadnt been clear enough and that it was a childs size . was offered to return or get a 20 % discount on another item . as i had given it to my granson i couldnt return it and had no desire to purchase anything else.i felt misled and with no options that would have not cost more money .
 I was very upset when this hat arrived . The picture makes it look darker than it really is . I was looking for the closest to black yankee hat I could find , but this picture was very decieving . From now on , I 'm shopping at the stores .
 I got this for airsofting and i was pretty impressed with it . But for airsofting with glasses or goggles forget it . Unless you get some mesh goggles.Pros.Looks coolComfortablegood protectionConsEye hole is way to big.Airsoft Goggles or Glasses fog up even with defogger.Hard to breathe after wearing it a while .
 I purchased an 8 foot ballet bar for my daughter . I checked the package for all the parts since the box had been damaged during shipment and they all were there . When I tried to put it together Christmas Eve , the holes were not placed in the bar that was sent to me to attach the legs . There were no instructions as to where the holes should be , so I contacted Amazon and the seller -LRB- on Christmas Eve -RRB- . Still have not heard back from the seller ... and it is now New Year 's Day . I submitted this review before , but it was not posted .
 I ordered this item for a Xmas gift , however when we put the picture in with the matting it did not fit , the frame and glass were crooked so picture did not fit . However you could not see this in looking at the product only when you tried to fit the picture and matting together in the frame.Very disappointed in this item and would not order anything made by the Memory Company again . I have also contacted the Memory Company who makes this frame to see what their response will be .
 I received this bell about 9 months ago . I bike every day to work and thus I 've used the bell quite a bit and am very familiar with it . I like the timbre of the bell and the loudness -- this was great . However , after 9 months , through rain and muck , the ringer mechanism has already rusted and broken . So it 's no longer a bell . The compass is one of the crappiest compasses I 've ever had -LRB- and hardly useful -RRB- . So I love the idea of a dual purpose bell , but I think this one fails in both regards .
 Not impressed at all with this device . Title says it all . Looks cheap and feels cheap . Returned as it was n't what I had hoped
 crap compass and dull bell.pretty disappointing . not worth returning for credit.go with the old school mechanical ringer bells . this is asian junk .
 I purchased an 8 foot ballet bar for my daughter . I checked the package for all the parts since the box had been damaged during shipment and they all were there . When I tried to put it together Christmas Eve , the holes were not placed in the bar that was sent to me to attach the legs . There were no instructions as to where the holes should be , so I contacted Amazon and the seller -LRB- on Christmas Eve -RRB- . Still have not heard back from the seller ... and it is now New Year 's Day . I submitted this review before , but it was not posted .
 I ordered this product thinking I was going to get a complete set , which includes pitching rubber , removable anchor and the stanchion anchor and hardware , as described in the item description . When the item was delivered , I was highly disappointed when it was missing parts . -LRB- stanchion anchor part -RRB- I followed the directions for `` missing parts '' and was told that there was no way of getting replacement parts for the item . So I requested a return item shipping label . I then looked online at amazon.com and found out that they also sell just the part I need and its shipped from the same place as the `` complete set '' . I would advise everyone that this is False Advertising at its best . It even shows everything in the complete set in the pictures . Just to let everyone know that I will not order from amazon.com or onlinesports.com ever again until this is straightened out.Markwort Movable Pitching Rubber Complete Set , Adult Size
 Ordered this set and although the description and photo show the double metal ground recepticle , it is not included and I can not get anyone to respond , not happy
 Do not buy a mask online unless you have tried the model on your face . Also I have found that the sniff test does not necessarily ensure a water seal so I would never buy another mask without first wearing it in water.The snorkel sucks . It is supposed to prevent water from getting in but none of these gadgets really work and I think you are better off anticipating it being filled with water then the other way around .
 I received the unit intact but before first use , the goggles broke by means of a peice of plastic attaching the strap to the mask . Thus , I did not even get a chance to use the goggles so they may in fact work nicely provided you carry them everywhere in a pillow.The snorkel is extremely heavy and the unit which I had problems with the valve at the top which prevents water from entering . The valve stuck way too much , even after lubricating , causing a reverse affect where you could not breathe even when you did n't have water in the tube . The weight also causes it not to stay upright if using other goggles.I 'd recommend sticking to the Seabreeze and Cozumel set , from my experience at least .
 I had the same problems as as other reviewer . The valve on the snorkel closes when you do n't need it and in turn , cuts off your ability to breathe air . I also found it to be heavy and feel it should be held in place by the mask .
 While this set is not the most expensive , it certainly is not the cheapest either . And I expected quality workmanship from a product with quality -LRB- silicone -RRB- materials . I had the same problems with the snorkel that some others did but I could get used to it . It 's kind of a trade-off for such a dry snorkel . But the biggest problem is that I bought two of these sets for a Caribbean vacation and one of the masks had a slow leak from the very beginning . We were on vacation for a month so no returning the darn thing . Now I 'm here shopping for a replacement for an upcoming Florida Keys vacation . Not good .
 Was not pleased with Jersey as would have preferred one with Steeler logo & back of one of the Bettis Jerseys had a piece of material behind the silk screening but was not worth hassle of returning .
 I PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT AS I WANTED SOMETHING TO USE ON MY DOG THAT WAS SAFE AND NATURAL TO KEEP MOSQUITOS , FLEAS ETC. . OFF HER . THE PRODUCT AD LISTING SAYS SAFE AND ALL NATURAL BUT WHEN I RECEVED IT AND READ THE LABLE IT HAD A WARNING TO KEEP AWAY FROM CHILDREN AND ANIMALS SO , I RETURNED IT AS I WAS NOT REALLY SURE IT WAS SAFE !
 This does not seem to work on my short haired dog . The spray nozzle also frequently `` sticks '' and I have to pry the lever bar out of the squirt nozzle with my fingernail . Very frustrating !
 My girls are still laying and digging in my flower bed as soon as the next day after I 've sprayed .
 I purchased this set and one of the racquets broke in half within the first five minutes of use . We bought a replacement and it too broke immediately . It is amazing that such complete CRAP can make it to the marketplace . This company should not even be in business . They are just filling up landfills and pocketing the cash .
 Wish I had not ordered so many of these , as I hate the SIG Sauer P226 Spring Pistol airsoft gun . This was just a waste of money for both products .
 ok first of all u can see that for me they never showed up . im practicly depressed and pretty upset . DNT BUY THIS !
 They advertise 8000 perfect grade , polished bb 's but , what you actually get is 2000 perfect grade , polished bb 's in the plastic bottle and 6 bags of 1000 junk bb 's with indents and plastic nubs sticking out . Not polished or perfect .
 Ok for starters , if you think its ONE whole thing of bb 's in a container , its not.actually , its 1 container of 2000 polished bb 's in any color , i thought orange , and 6 bages of 1000 bb 's . its weird.I dont know if the ones in the bag are polished.mine were entitled UK ` BB 's For electrict airsofting and gun.i think they didnt translate right.either way , i think you should just go to a near by Sports Authority or any orther convient store
 I ordered over 30,000 bb 's and none of them where like what the description said . Instead I ended up with 30,000 cheap yellow bbs that break in my AEG . My whole Airsoft team ordered some and all of them ended up with cheap bbs as well . Do n't buy .
 `` Never got order . Had to cancel . They said address was wrong , but i had 3 other orders from different suppliers shipped to same address . ''
 I was very unhappy i got 4 bottels of low quality ukarms bbs they suck they are in no way polished they are low end bbs order good DO NOT ORDER THESE !!!!!!!!!! they jammed my spring pistol and i would never put them in any gun but a junker
 These are fast but inaccurate and break easily bet bigger and more accurate bb 's
 I ordered a mag , these 8000 bbs and a speed loader . Together , these items were $ 11 . The shipping was $ 12 and it took over 11 days . Do your self a favor and go to a store instead of buying from this seller .
 I 'm just gon na cut right to it . These BBs may be the worst I 've ever seen . They would shoot in all different directions with my gun -LRB- the M83 you can also buy here on amazon -RRB- and have little plastic things sticking out of them . Overall , DO NOT BYE THESE BBs IF YOUR LIFE DEPENDED ON IT !!!
 I was fully expecting to get something like in the pistures . Nothing remotely close arrived . What arrived were a bunch of UKArms regular unpolished , BB 's . You can cleary see where the BB 's were taken off a lattice of some type when being maneufactured . I would n't put these BB 's in my gun without first sanding down the little leftover plastic on each.I 'm so mad about this , they basically lied about what you are ordering . DO NOT order these you will be highly disappointed , I would n't recommended ordering from this company if they are going to pull a switch like this either . I know I 'll never buy from them again .
 I know that if I was looking for fantastic BB 's , I should have spent more money on them . However , these BB 's are barely functional . They jam up in my AEG and are only accurate to within 10-15 ft. So , yeah , I definitely would never use the words `` Perfect Grade '' to describe them .
 Pros
 these bbs are terrible in any aeg . first of all you should almost never buy .12 gram bbs . you should at least purchase .20 bbs or higher . Second , there is no way these are even remotely polished or seamless . These bbs or no where close to perfect . DO NOT BUY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES !
 DO NOT buy these if you have a mid-to high end airsoft gun -LRB- electric or gas run and cost $ 150 + -RRB- Cyma is a `` clone '' brand , which means they design their products to imitate other higher-end brands , but with much cheaper and lower quality parts . Another problem is that these are .12 BB 's . you should NEVER fire anything less than a .2 through any airsoft gun , as the lower weight not only makes it less accurate but can break the air seal on your gun , making it just about completely useless if you 're planning on shooting things 15 + feet away or have any speed behind the BB . . .12 g bb 's will also put a lot more stress on your gun 's internals , as there 's not much weight to transfer energy to . I would suggest sinking an extra $ 5-10 on a higher-quailty brand , or at least buy some .2 g BBs ...
 Yes , it sticks well , but the handle is junk . It came loose after only a few throws . SOG 's lifetime warranty does not include its Fusion line , which is warranted only for a year , and only IF you can produce the receipt . Who saves the receipts for a $ 25.00 tool ?
 This item broke after only a few uses . And now I ca n't figure out how to return it . That does n't seem quite right . : -LRB-
 I once bought this tomahawk from the SOG website a few years ago , it was excellent . This item however not only is poor quality but is not even authentic . The product does not bear the Fusion by SOG logo , is not the correct thickness and is not even FLAT . This piece wobbles like a playground see saw when placed on a table.I would not recommend this seller or this product to anyone ! This item is falsely advertised and is not authentic .
 This is more like a T-shirt . Nothing special . Compared to other name brand products this item seems to run on the small size . You can probably get an equal value by buying a $ 15 T.
 I bought this carpet for trailer bunks and its so thin that the glue seaps through it . Also its not 12 &#34; wide either its 11 & 3/4 wide instead . I would not buy this carpet , it just ruins a project .
 This is more like a T-shirt . Nothing special . Compared to other name brand products this item seems to run on the small size . You can probably get an equal value by buying a $ 15 T.
 Wiley X Blink Model 555 are not Polarized . I bought a pair recently from Amazon and found out the hard way . If you are looking for Aluminum Gloss Frame Blinks with Polarized Silver Flash lenses the model number is 558 . The seller -LRB- Sunglass Express -RRB- in the case of my order just blamed Amazon for improper item description and told me to complain there . Since then Sunglass Express has removed there posting .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 This is more like a T-shirt . Nothing special . Compared to other name brand products this item seems to run on the small size . You can probably get an equal value by buying a $ 15 T.
 This is more like a T-shirt . Nothing special . Compared to other name brand products this item seems to run on the small size . You can probably get an equal value by buying a $ 15 T.
 This scooter was safe but it has had constant problems with controls breaking and belts breaking . A real disappointment .
 This scooter only worked for a couple of hours on Christmas day and never worked again . I would have given it a 5-star rating for the fun of it but we have yet to be able to have any fun on it ! Ended up having to push it back to the house ! Amazon.com will not allow it to be returned and the manufacturer has yet to replace the item in 6 months . Looks like we were ripped off ! Do n't let it happen to you!Lisa Wolfe
 I only give this one star because I 've had nothing but problems with it from day one . I 've read some of the reviews and agree that this scooter is unsafe . Once the front end pops up and rolls on the back wheels you have no control over the steering . You can usually pop it back down but it gives you kind of a scarey feeling . The battery discharges way too soon . At first it would go for several minutes before needing a recharge and now , after a few weeks , wo n't go for longer than maybe 8 minutes . I 've also looked at some of the reviews like the one that says `` bad batteries ... it happens '' Yeah , it happens ! And when it happens to you , it is n't just a casual problem . Good luck finding a new one ! I refuse to deal with Sunco customer service any longer . They really should be ashamed of themselves for continuing to sell this product . I have addressed a strong letter to Toys R Us in regards to this scooter and Sunco . Maybe that is why it is on clearance .
 I bought this scooter and assembled it per the instructions and also charged the batteries per the instructions . When I tried to give it a test drive IT DID NOT WORK AT ALL . I was extremely disappointed because this was supposed to be a christmas present for a sick little boy who can barely walk . I called the company in the operators manual Snake Eye USA and they told me since I did not buy it from them directly that they could not honor the warranty . I called Unbeatable Sales which is the company that sold it to me through Amazon and they had no tech support for this scooter . They would not send me another one until I sent them the broken one first but unfortunately I threw the box and foam away because I thought it would work , Customer Service said they would call me or email me and they never did . It is 7 days before christmas and when I told them it was for a sick little boy they did not care at all . I had no choice but to try to repair it myself because neither company -LRB- Snake Eye USA or Unbeatable Sales -RRB- would help me properly or support the product or problem . When I took it apart I discovered that the three batteries which were dated 2006 had significant damage.I had to order three new batteries at a cost of $ 37 each times three -LRB- $ 111 + shipping Total -RRB- not to mention all the time I spent troubleshooting this defective piece of junk . I am waiting for the batteries to arrive to see if I can get this scooter to work and save this little boys xmas . What ever happened to good customer service ?? You would be better off buying this somewhere else where you can get much better customer service and a good warranty or exchange a defective item more easily . I have yet to get one ounce of support from the company I bought it from . Unbeatable sales does not care about the customer and does not care about a sick little boys christmas . Now I have to scramble to find this little boy another gift.Unbeatable Sales Ruined this little boys christmas with their lack of caring , terrible customer service . DO not buy anything from this company or you will be sorry you did . This company only cares about making money and not about the children whose christmas wishes are ruined .
 This is more like a T-shirt . Nothing special . Compared to other name brand products this item seems to run on the small size . You can probably get an equal value by buying a $ 15 T.
 I should have paid attention to the first review . The product I received is nothing like what was described/pictured . No cork handle , no compass , no ruler , no rubber tip cover , no threaded stud for camera . If I knew what I was getting , I would neve have considered this product . This is false advertising and the company should be kicked off of Amazon .
 I ordered this because of the detailed description and photos . The item I received did not have a cork grip , did not have a compass in the handle , and did not have a rubber cap for the carbide tip ! The photo in the middle , with the pouch labelled `` Hammers '' is what I received . You can see the top of the black plastic/neoprene type handle in that photo . The top and bottom photos are not the same item , and should not be advertised or described as such !
 I bought two of these hats recently because I ordered one that was 71/8 but it was too small so I reordered a 71/4 . I noticed on the 1/8 cap that it was made in China and it felt different from this 1/4 I received but the 1/4 one does n't have a made in ` X ' label on it . The 1/4 also feels slightly nicer but also rougher along the edges and its uncomfortable on my ears . After only 2 days of having the cap the color is already starting to fade so I have to question its authenticity and if what I am buying online are quality products or just cheap knock offs . I assume always that I get what I paid for but I am not so sure anymore if that is the case ... I wish I could return this one that I am wearing now except that I 've already taken all the labels and stickers off so I assume they wo n't accept it back . I 'm pretty disappointed with this hat and I probably will be buying from stores now .
 Normally Great hats . Best to try on first . Do n't think ill order another here . Spent 30 minutes watching YouTube vids on how to stretch . Gives me a headache . At least I only paid $ 20 for one day shipping .
 Seattle Bicycle Supply 's support department does n't seem to exist , so I ca n't confirm if I actually received an SBS chainring or not . There are no distinct markings on the chainring I received , and it looks nothing at all like the one pictured.Anyway , it 's really , really crudely made . A Rocket Ring looks like a work of art compared to this hunk of junk . Spend the extra $ 5 for something a little better .
 Got the item , put it on and did a drop test . Was n't the fastest nor did I expect that but kept a good rate , mostly faster than most can fire . Worked great for a whole day , great on battery life and everything . Then it took a hit , not to close range of a hit either and it jammed . Never worked again you can tell the motor is trying to work but nothing moves . Took it apart put it back together still nothing . Now it just sits there pretty much a gravity loader now .
 We bought this bike for our 2 year old last year . It was a little too big for him at first , but by the end of the summer , he loved it and could maneuver it pretty well . He loved having a 2-wheel bike like his big brother.After 6 months , however , the hardware that holds the wheels on the bike came loose and we lost a piece of the hardware . The hardware holding each wheel on the bike includes several small pieces -- screws that you tighten with a monkey wrench , spacers , tiny brass rings and one long bolt . We tried contacting Skuut by email and by phone , we tried our local bike shop , the hardware store -LRB- to see if we could match the parts -RRB- and a local REI -LRB- who carries the bike -RRB- to see if they would help us get the needed part or fix the bike for us , but to no avail . No one wanted to take responsibility for a bike we assembled ourselves -LRB- Skuut sends it to you unassembled -RRB- or , if they did want to help us , they were unable to obtain parts or even a response from Skuut , like us.So , we have a very cute and cool bike that my eager 3-year old can no longer ride because no one services this bike . REI offered to give us a brand new Skuut if we had purchased the bike there , but sadly , we bought the bike online and were out of luck . So , if you 're buying this bike , either buy it from a local store that promises to service the bike for you , or else tighten up the hardware every chance you get . This bike does not hold together like a regular bike . I 'm very disappointed with Skuut and their non-response to our requests for parts .
 We purchased the Skuut after reading reviews and closely examining the competition -LRB- primarily the Likeabike -RRB- . First , the good
 Ordered this for my 3-yr old son for Christmas , and waited to assemble it until Christmas Eve.The wood laminate was of such poor quality , I feared for my son 's safety while playing on it . My neighbor and I spent two hours re-gluing and clamping the front fork so my kid would at least be able to sit on it Christmas morning.We called customer support Christmas Eve , and received a call-back from a U.S. based , English speaking person -LRB- ;--RRB- -RRB- on Christmas Day - quite remarkable . Anyway , no questions asked , they sent a new bike out without even getting a proof of purchase , so excellent customer support.New bike arrived , and it was n't much better than the first , but at least he could ride it . He loves it too , and now in March , he 's ready to move up to a real bike WITHOUT training wheels . Great concept , really.So yesterday , as expected , while riding the old -LRB- repaired -RRB- Skuut down a slight grade -LRB- Woohoo , look I 'm doing it ! -RRB- Wham . Faceplant on the concrete when the front fork splintered into three pieces . Since he was wearing helmet and pads , nothing but a sad kid , but hey ! We 've got a spare in the garage!What I 've noticed with this toy , as well as his Schwinn tricycle -LRB- oh , do n't get me started on that one , we 've replaced literally every piece of that bike at least once -RRB- is that the companies selling this junk know it 's junk and would much rather repair or replace at the drop of a hat than actually invest that money loss in developing and producing a decent product.Think about your kids safety , be reasonable in how you let your kid use this toy , and have them wear at least a helmet .
 The idea of a glider bike for kids learning balance is brilliant . I bought this Scuut bike . It is made out of the cheapest materials . The tires and tubes were defective . There was NO response from the Scuut customer service number which I called many times . You buy this product and you are on your own . Next I bought a Strider . There is no comparison . For effectively the same price you get a bike that is metal and made to last and has all the range of movement of a larger bike -LRB- with infinite seat and handlebar adjustments -RRB- . The Skuut is just bad design and over priced for what you get -LRB- limited adjustments , cheap materials , bad design -RRB- with no support to boot .
 It is Christmas Eve and I ordered this Skuut bike for my 4 year old for tomorrow - Christmas . We just started wrapping presents tonight and when we went to put together this bike - all the parts were missing . Ca n't even put it together . It is sad because this was actually the ONLY thing that my daughter asked for for Christmas when she saw Santa several weeks ago.I am so upset right now as this has never happened to me . The box was perfectly intact and everything inside did not look like it had been opened - just missing the parts to put it together . What a I supposed to tell my daughter tomorrow ? Or should I just leave it out all disassembled?I bought this her from Amazon in November ... it was not a last minute gift . I am so mad at myself for not opening it up and putting it together before tonight . As like most parents , this is what we do on x-mas eve ... we wrap and put together toys . I will never do that again .
 You do know you can achieve the same thing with a regular 12 '' bike right ? Just leave off the pedals and the training wheels . When they 're ready , you put the pedals back on and they can ride a 2 wheeler . Worked for my 3 year old twins . AND we saved the extra expense of having to buy one of these -LSB- &#8230; -RSB- balance bikes . -LSB- &#8230; -RSB- you 've got 2 bikes in one . I mean it 's your money , I 'm just sayin ...
 I wrote the same for one of the others . It is nonsense . You can make any bike -LRB- i.e. the one you probably already own -RRB- one of these by just taking out a wrench , and taking the pedals off your kid 's bike . It works . Trust me . There is no magic about these bike other than the fact that they have no pedals , meaning if you take the ones of your kid 's bike - well you saved yourself a lot of money . Also , it seems logical to have your kid learn on the actual bike he or she will be riding - not learning on one of these - and then switching to the real bike.Try it .
 My kids love to play with this bike my oldest daughter 's first bike was a tricycle my sons first bike was this well my daughter knows how to peddle a bike this taut my son that you use your feet to make a bike go so now were trying to reteach him to ride a bike i wouldnt buy this unless you plan on teaching your kid to peddle a bike also
 I read that this was one of the best bikes you can buy but when it arrived and I assembled it my kid was just plain confused . She wanted to know where the pedals were . I knew there were none and attempted to explain to her how it worked but she still felt the need to pedal . It just led me to believe if you get the kids started off with a trike of some sort , you do n't really need a `` glider '' - no matter how young .
 My wife and I are attempting to assemble the Skuut Balance Bike for our 3 year old daughter and discover that it is UNSAFE . The screws holding down the handlebars do n't attach to anything . They go thru the handlebars and into the forks but do n't bite into the plywood at all . This item is going back . It 's too bad because it is a very cute bike , and easy to assemble . Our daughter will be getting a Likeabike for her birthday instead , which fortunately is in only a week .
 Our 21/2 year old loves it . In a few rides he was coasting short distances and having much fun . So how do you explain to him that tomorrow his new favorite toy is disappearing and going back to the manufacturer ? I 'm generally pretty forgiving about minor product imperfections . These are n't minor . The Skuut arrived stinking of mothballs -LRB- the seat still smells strongly -RRB- . Within less than a week , the wood bushings on the rear wheel assembly had become separated making the back wheel dangerously wobbly and unstable . Not helpful to a kid trying to learn to balance , and , I think , unsafe as the bike speeds up . Does n't matter how fun , educational , etc. a toy is , it 's useless if a kid ca n't play with it .
 The front tire of this bike blew after my daughter was on it for about 20 seconds -- on her third birthday ! What a great way to ruin a birthday , Skuut . I 've seen other reviews complaining about the tires , perhaps it 's time you listen to consumers and do something about the quality of your material . I know things happen , but seriously , could n't be more disappointed with this product . I was so excited for my daughter to ride , and now we 're sitting here figuring out how to return it . Wo n't be recommending your company to any of my friends looking for a balance bike for their children ! And can I say one more time -- What a way to ruin a birthday !
 I bought this when my son was 18 months old . It was so heavy that he could not balance it well at all . Also it is simply too tall for him that his feet could not touch the ground even when we lowered the seat to the bottom at 18 months old even though my son is 95 % on weight and height of his age and he was quite strong . I immediately sold it and bought the `` Chicco Red Bullet '' . What a difference . My son immediately got it without any couching . He was able to manipulate the Chico Red Bullet '' without any problem . He is now 3 year and 3 months old and still going strong with his little `` Red Bullet '' . The price of the `` Red Bullet '' is also $ 30 cheaper than the Skuut . My son now is 42 lb . and 44 inches 95 % of a 3-year old . The `` Chico Red Bullet '' definately was the best toy I 've purchased for him . He has had so many good times in the skate board park with his little bullet , almost every weekend when the weather permits . Oh , save your money do n't buy that over priced Strider .
 We have had this bike for just over a year . It 's been used by one child and stored indoors or in the garage . The wood is cracking in two places , one of which is the handlebars . With such poor durability , I just ca n't recommend this bike . The seat also could not be lowered enough to fit our two year old .
 We purchased the Skuut balance bike for our 3 year old who was n't really confident on a ` real ' bike with pedals . After only about 3 weeks of use , mostly in the house , the vinyl on the seat started to wear away at the front , leaving a white patch which seemed to get larger by the week . We returned the bike for a replacement , but then the replacement arrived with a cracked wooden piece on the wheel . We returned that one as well and will now look at a more sturdy bike for our son , as this one unfortunely did n't stand up to regular 3-year old usage . He loved riding it though , and it was lots of fun , so I think it 's a good concept , you might just want to buy a slightly more expensive and better built brand .
 We got one of these for our 3 year old at Christmas last year . There is no doubt that our daughter loved it , had great fun riding it , and found it easy to move on to a regular bicycle by the end of the summer . The problem is that the material is incredily shoddy . One day while she was riding it , the entire front handlebar/wheel assembly popped completely off , sending our daughter head-first onto the pavement . Fortunately she was wearing a good helmet -LRB- which was split completely in 2 -RRB- or else the outcome could have been catastropic.This is a great idea , and there may be better-quality balance bikes out there . But this particular model is just too hazardous to let your kid ride on it .
 OK , after spending the morning once again duct taping this bike together , I thought I should share my thoughts . We love the concept of this bike and our son absolutely adores the activity . Unfortunately
 First , I did not buy this from Amazon - we purchased from REI based on a suggestion from another reviewer , in case we had problems . Good thing we did , because right out-of-the-box we had issues with the wheels/tires . I have to say , my husband is a `` bike guy '' -- he knows his way around all types of bikes and so it helped to have a knowledgeable source for installation and troubleshooting . Anyway , the issue was had was with the actual tire and tube BOTH splitting apart , which then damaged the rim of the wheel . After multiple emails to the manufacturer , we did receive a new wheel/tire/tube in the mail . Installed it and within seconds , the same thing happened again.Thankfully , REI agreed to take back the bike and allow us to purchase a metal-framed balance bike . I got the distinct impression they have done this exchange many , many times . I would personally not ever buy this bike again based on my experience .
 I did buy two Skuuts at a local store for my twins -LRB- before readng all the reviews here : - -LRB- I can only say workmanship is marginal
 My three year old son has had this bike a little over a month now . He 's probably ridden it about ten times . The handlebars have completely ripped off from the bike . The screw holes are completely stripped so reassembling it will be a problem . I 'm going to try and rig it up but this bike is just shoddy . Not durable enough for my three year old .
 My 2 year old loved his skuut until it broke - few weeks after the purchase.Since then I 've been on a quest for spare parts . The costumer service at skuut has been very poor - no responding to emails , no phone number on the official website.Balance bikes are great , but next time i 'd opt for a metal one .
 We got my son this bike for his 2nd bday in February . He was a little small for it at first but started riding it about 3 months ago . He 's crashed it the way that a normal 2 year would . First the wood around the handle grips started splitting . My husband duct-taped which worked fine . But the handlebars completely popped off and the wood split from the screws making it completely un-fixable after a normal fall on the sidewalk . Pretty bummed because now I 'll be out another $ 100 replacing it with a more durable metal version .
 This calls itself a dome tent but is only supported by two uprights , with a canoe-shaped roof that does not withstand strong winds . Both aluminum clips snapped in half the first time i put it up . A segment of the uppermost roof pole shattered the first night of use , which let the ceiling hang flopped down . Do n't know about waterproofness because I did n't get rain . Nice colors , awful design , waste of money . I only did n't return this because I was traveling and missed the 30-day window . Boy was i pissed .
 This is n't my first dome so operator error is not the issue . First time setting this up the screening on the upper left side just opened up like a zipper . Its not true no seeum netting its some fish net looking weave and the material is weak . Thanks to a roll of duct tape we did n't get any large bugs in but we had some tiny ones that were able to get by weave of the netting . The configuration of the shoe ports are a total waste . The space it wastes could have been put to better use by just leaving the square design alone and the threshold door mat is nothing more than a gimmick . Waste of time and money . I 've been camping for well over 30 years and most of that is from a back pack so this is n't from a week end warrior car camper .
 The tent is great for space . My husband and I had enough room for a large sleeping area , two suitcases , and our dog . I was able to stand up while changing , that was awesome ! I liked the fly , it kept the top of the tent dry and covered the tent well . We also have enjoyed how sleek looking the tent is when the fly is on . Shortly after we fell in love with our new tent , the trouble began ... After four camping trips , all this stuff had gone wrong
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 This tent is not as big as it shows , the main room is too small for two queen size mattresses and the first time camping the over the door flap bar broke . Third time camping one of the poles in the middle of the tent also broke so its really a useless piece of crap unless we can get new poles to replace any that break and it leaks in a rain storm . It says 3 room but its not big enough for 3 rooms or 7 people unless they are little children not adults . I wouldnt recommend this tent to anyone .
 We searched and researched . The brand looked reliable , size was good and price was great . The first night we used it , it leaked terribly from dew -- NOT rain -- dew . Followed all the instructions , waterproofed it with the spray stuff . It still leaked . We had a rainstorm a few days later and it leaked like a faucet -- straight from the rain fly . We returned it and were sorely disappointed with this tent .
 I have tented in a wenzel tent for years but this tent did not compare . First the dimensions were very deceiving , the two sides of the tent narrowed dramatically which made for very limited sleep space and we were 2 adults and 2 children . Worst of all the tent did not hold up under the rain !!! I would not reccomend this tent .
 I was so excited about this tent - it was big enough for 2 queen sized air mattresses , BUT the first day we set it up a pole broke - no wind , no rain ... just broke . So Sad !
 The product looks really nice when viewing it online , but it 's alot different in person . I ordered a large for my girlfriend , but it was so small it would n't have fit an 80lb 13 year old . Also , when I read hooded jacket , I expected something warm . Instead the material is very thin with no use of keeping anyone warm . I 'll admit , it is nice looking , but the extremely small size is what turned me off to this product . If you plan on buying it , do n't be ashamed to order something larger than your actual size ... you 'll need it .
 Purchased this set from Target while on sale for $ 39.99 . Figured it would be a nice set with the name and the nice bag . Used it on the beach the first day and was a blast . Used the set on day 2 and noticed one of the red balls was cracked and split down the middle . I would say we played a total of 4 full games before noticing the crack . It would only be a matter of time before this ball and others completly break apart . I am taking this back to the store and am going to try a different set . The balls are heavier than I expecte with this set too . I believe Sportcraft ? makes this set for Eddie Baeur but could be wrong .
 Purchased bocce ball set for a wedding gift . Two identical sets were given , one purchased at Target and the other purchased at Perpetual Toys through Amazon . The Target price was $ 50.00 . Perpetual Toys price was $ 181.00 with shipping . Tried to return to Perpetual Toys within the Amazon return policy period and Perpetual Toys told us tough luck we were too late for a return . I am very disappointed in Amazon for misleading us to the over priced bocce ball set and then not able to return it . I feel very ripped off.Judy McAuliffe
 The sunnto viper add said it was 0-100 % o2 compattible sunnto site said 0-50 % so this was a descrepancy I found buyingWell I ordered 2 and did not get a working unit they did give a refund but what a pain had to wait for them to comfirm they recieved the order back and they were out of stock for a replacement this is the second time I have posted more than 20 words but I am sure a negative post is the reason they bounced the first review .
 I bought these gloves to have a pair of cheap gloves in my jacket pockets at all times . These are not worth carrying at all . They 're very small and incredibly thin.I can not stress enough how poor the quality is on these . I 've seen better quality gloves from Walmart for a few dollars BY FAR . Do not waste your time or money on these.These would be better categorized in the novelty and/or costume section . -LRB- Seller
 theese gloves are more for womens size , if your a guy they will be tite around the rise and hand . Im man and they dont bearly fit . they do state there adult size . the seller emailed me back rite away . very good polite . dont for get men u may not like tite gloves . they are knit multi collors to pick from as the same product . tho they all dident feel like they where the same product . some feel looser then others . if there ganna be adult they should fit adult . tho it dosent state weather it is for men or women it simply dosent say the size tho there adult . they could have a lot more to that . more for kids a ladys because there smaller then guys . good luck in your order for the rite size
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I adhered to their sizing guidelines 100 % and when this arrived it was about two sizes too small . It 's like children 's sizing . I was very disappointed , especially since they would n't let me return it . Money wasted .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 The paper is so easy tor rib . I do n't recommend this product . I rather pay more for a plastic stencil .
 I bought the rack , used it less than 10 times and now it is broken and I 'm not getting any help from the manufacturer . When it worked I loved it , maybe a little harder to get the bikes on and off , but for the money it was great . I had one of the mounting bolts that secures the bike to the rack freeze up . The nut it threads into is hidden inside the rack and ca n't be accessed and the only way to remove the bike was to cut the bolts with a hacksaw . Now even using screw extractors and long handled pliers I still ca n't remove the stuck bolt . After contacting the manufacturer with my problem I was offered the opportunity to purchase a replacement bolt for $ 5 plus shipping , and payment can only be made by paypal ... no help on how to remove the bolt or an offer of replacement .
 NEW REVIEW -LRB- 2 stars -RRB- : Ok , I 've had it for awhile and I have to downgrade it . Yeah , the value for the money is still there . But if you have the extra money to go for a better unit , go for it . Simply put ... it is a HASSLE to put bikes on and take them off.The top-plate on this thing is simply ridiculous . 2 long screws that have to be cranked a bunch of times is part of the problem . Bikes that do n't perfectly balance -LRB- wedging the top plate against the screws -RRB- is the other part of the problem . If you have a hybrid/commuter bike or offroad bike with thicker frames than typical street bikes these problems will be even worse.If you 're looking for something to haul bikes long distances solidly and securely and you do n't want to take them off the car regularly , this will be fine -LRB- though in this case you wo n't really need a swing-away rack -RRB- . If you like to take your bikes with you every day to commute or on vacation spots ... this is - not - the rack for you.I 'll be paying the money for a better rack soon and either try to sell this or put it on my fiancee 's car for when we take hers instead.OLD REVIEW -LRB- four stars -RRB- : For the price this is a fine bike rack . I - almost - wish I 'd spent the extra $ 150-200 to get a rack that did n't have the funky top plate . But that 's mostly because I 'm lazy and want the bikes on/off quicker . The swivel seems solid . It does sway some but not badly .
 I bought these gloves to have a pair of cheap gloves in my jacket pockets at all times . These are not worth carrying at all . They 're very small and incredibly thin.I can not stress enough how poor the quality is on these . I 've seen better quality gloves from Walmart for a few dollars BY FAR . Do not waste your time or money on these.These would be better categorized in the novelty and/or costume section . -LRB- Seller
 theese gloves are more for womens size , if your a guy they will be tite around the rise and hand . Im man and they dont bearly fit . they do state there adult size . the seller emailed me back rite away . very good polite . dont for get men u may not like tite gloves . they are knit multi collors to pick from as the same product . tho they all dident feel like they where the same product . some feel looser then others . if there ganna be adult they should fit adult . tho it dosent state weather it is for men or women it simply dosent say the size tho there adult . they could have a lot more to that . more for kids a ladys because there smaller then guys . good luck in your order for the rite size
 The product looks really nice when viewing it online , but it 's alot different in person . I ordered a large for my girlfriend , but it was so small it would n't have fit an 80lb 13 year old . Also , when I read hooded jacket , I expected something warm . Instead the material is very thin with no use of keeping anyone warm . I 'll admit , it is nice looking , but the extremely small size is what turned me off to this product . If you plan on buying it , do n't be ashamed to order something larger than your actual size ... you 'll need it .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I had this knife for about a year , used it on maybe 20 dives . On my 20th dive i had it on my leg like usual , and all of a sudden the plastic just crumbled and broke into pieces and off came the knife . I was at my safety stop so i did not retrieve it , not sure if it was worth the effort if i did have air to spare.only good thing about this knife is it was pretty sharp , and worked somewhat well until it crumbled into pieces.I think if this knife was put into a different sheath it would be great .
 its my own fault really - for not reading that there were magnets in the arm band . My boyfriend has been suffering from golf elbow and Ithought this would help . . He 's and electrician by trade and cant wear a magnet at work ! do ` h ! I am curious to hear if this actually helped anyone .
 This product would have been great , except for the use of unpadded velcro . Velcro all by itself has sharp , rough edges . Wrap some around any soft area on the body and tighten it down . Do n't even have to tighten it a lot , a little will do . OK , now leave it for a half hour or more -LRB- your tolerance may vary -RRB- . Eventually you will know you have velcro strapping on your arm , as it attempts to cut into your flesh . It wo n't cut , but that nice , thin , rough edge will become rather uncomfortable after a while.The idea is great in my opinion . I 've had luck with magnets for other aches & pains , and I liked how the main pad was built and how it dampened the tendon flex . The other pad has a tendency to rest on the inside of your arm and not allow total flexing of your arm.I 'm sending mine back . Traded discomfort and annoyance for some pain remediation . Not worth it . Going to look for something else.Oh , by the way . If you buy this , or anything for that matter , from `` Pro Therapy Supplies '' they WILL charge you a 10 % restocking fee and their cost to ship the product -LRB- s -RRB- to you , if you decide to return the item .
 I have tried several elbow tendonitis bands with varying degrees of success . My physical therapist recommended this one and so since I respect her opinion , I tried it . I wish I could say I am thrilled with it , but due to the discomfort of the narrow band of velcro , I am disappointed in this band . One really can not tell from the picture , but the band has three parts , two `` cups '' that contain the magnets and apply pressure to the tendon area , and a fairly narrow velcro band that connects the cups . No matter how one adjusts the cups and band , the velcro digs into the skin and produces pressure sores , abrasions , and even some small hematomas . The only way I have found comfort with this product is to first wrap my forearm with a protective layer of adhesive bandage . Even then , the velcro from the band tension can hurt , but at least it is not on the skin directly . If one tries to tighten the band to apply tension to the tendon area , it just becomes too uncomfortable . I have stopped wearing mine during the day , and now only use it at night , applied with light tension , to expose the area to the magnetic field . The whole issue of whether magnets work or not is one I choose not to get into , but I have not found overwhelming evidence that magnets work . However , my mind is open to the concept and I will continue to wear the product at night to see if the magnets have a positive effect.There are better products for elbow tendonitis than this one . My advise is to avoid this product and seek a band that has a broader strap that keeps the velcro off the skin.kone
 Sega 's ESPN NHL Hockey -LRB- 2K4 -RRB- is n't the great hockey game that it was last year . Where it has some good options and unlockables -LRB- great teams from the past -RRB- , the gameplay really hurts one 's ability to fully enjoy the game.Graphically , the game looks a tad bit better than EA 's NHL 2004 . The sounds in the game are n't that great as well as the horrible crowd chants and rink announcer . The only good sounds comes from the play-by-play/color commentating by Gary Thorne and Bill Clement -- which is the best I have ever heard -LRB- they could mention the `` shoulder '' a bit less , though -RRB- . The gameplay is where this game falls behind EA 's NHL 2004 . The animation is smooth , but very slow . Trying to perform a hook , poke check , block shot , etc. are animated so slow , that by the time the move is done -- it 's too late . Minor things like fighting and watching the player skate around can look really bad and silly . Other than that , the action is fierce and quick -- which can be good and bad.Where this game has an advantage over EA 's NHL 2004 is in it 's roster updates via online . EA 's NHL 2004 updates have trades , but never includes rookies or call-ups -LRB- I play as the New York Rangers and they have a rookie , Jed Ortmeyer , who has been with the team pretty much the entire season , and is n't on any EA updates . Granted , he is n't an impact player , but that is just an example of how poorly EA 's roster updates are -RRB- . Sega 's ESPN Hockey updates are true to the game . Every player that has played on an NHL team this season , is in the roster updates -- from one game call-ups , to rookie skaters.So , if you want a hockey game to hold you over until the next hockey season or until the World Cup of Hockey this summer , I would recommend EA 's NHL 2004 over Sega 's ESPN NHL 2K4 Hockey if you want a more realistic game of hockey .
 I was very excited to get this game because I thought last years version was outstanding . The graphics in this years version are incredible , unfortunately the game play is not . Getting to collect a loose puck is time consuming after skating circles around the puck which is right at your feet . Your teammates ' player AI is terrible and you might as well not ever try to pass out with the goaltender as most passes miss intended receivers and go directly to the other team . Ref interference is also idiotic . Keep last years version or wait to see if nhl2004 is actually good .
 First off , let me start out by saying that the online aspect of this game is simply awful . Sega must fix it 's network or else be laughed out of the online business . If you 're used to the smooth play of Madden 2004 online , do n't expect anything close to that w / this game . The play runs very sluggish and freezes often in the middle of a game , it is n't my connection either because many people complain of the same problems.Secondly , 2003 's version had better game play . The checking was better last year , this year 's players move very fast and are difficult to get a good hit on . It is very easy to score on one timers but nearly impossible to score w / slap shots . They got rid of the slide move that you could do to block shots also for some odd reason.All in all you 're better off staying with 2003 and trying out NHL 2004 by EA Sports , they probably have a better online network .
 I am so pissed I bought this piece of garbage . Sega still does n't get the concept of making the levels gradually more difficult . instead Im treated with NHL HITZ type play . Or I get smoked . There are things to unlock as well , like jerseys and teams which is cool but , No Hartford Whalers love ? Very sad , Considering every other team that has existed is represented in some form . Unlocking things can be a chore though , and it does take a while . Good points include the Air hockey feature in the skybox . Outstanding graphics but that 's about it Deeking is difficult.Fighting is worthless , jerky and almost worth skipping altogether . Kind of like this game . For it 's few good points it has about 5 bad ones that pop up . This game just sucks .
 It 's been a while since the online play has worked correctly . The gameplay itself is great . By far the best available , but SEGA needs to get their network fixed .
 I WILL NBVER KNOW ! I ORDERED IT WHEN IT STATED AVAILABLITY , HOWEVER , THE SELLER LATER INFORMED ME THAT SUDDENLY IT WAS NOT AVAILABLE ! IMAGINE THAT!I KNOW ONE THING , I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER THING FROM THIS SELLERDIANE
 The game has a few bugs in it . There were times when it announced the right score , but the numbers were posted for the wrong teams and vise versa . AND !!!!! I was forced to play 7 games for the championship because the software kept switching the scores . Though I won all 7 games , according to the game , I only won 3 .
 After playing live 2003 I could n't belive how bad the graphics are on espn . The players are so small and rigid . I got my system hooked up to my widescreen and I can barely see the players . In live 2003 the players are bigger and look like the actual NBA player . It even has the mannerisms down too . For example playing Jordan is like you are Jordan . From the shooting style to when lands from a dunk , it looks just like him . The play control reminds me of the old Lakers vs Celtics game on the Sega Genesis . It is really hard to move around the court and get to the paint . When I try using the crossover button I end up getting a charge even though I 'm standing still and just pushing the circle button . The games are pretty close until the last 2 minutes of the 4th quarter when the computer gets incredibly hot and you are unbelievable cold . For instance , I was the Kings playing the Lakers . I controlled the whole game then around 2 minutes I ca n't make lay ups or dunks while the computer is making impossible shot and getting every offensive rebond no matter how many guys I have blocking out . VERY FRUSTRATING !!! I have n't played live 2004 yet but live 2003 was fun as hell .
 I am utterly dissapointed in this game . The controls are too picky , passing is a pain , 24/7 mode is a rip off from EA Sports , and is extremely boring anyway , the dunks do n't look that great , rather kind of cheesy in my opinion , and the music is so annoying you have to have the volume muted . Not to mention if you try a spin move , or juke , expect a charge call no matter what you do . I was really looking forward to ESPN NBA Basketball , and ended up wasting $ 50.00 on a pitiful product .
 I do n't understand how any of you people would say that ESPN Basketball was a good game . First of all the difficulty settings do n't even serve a purpose . there just there to look good because its all the same difficulty level . the graphics are the only things that are good in this game but too bad you cant see them during the game because the camera settings are garbage . theres like 5 different angels and 4 of them are from the sidelines . the 24/7 mode is cleaver but also very tough to beat . For a person who doesnt play every minute of his life like me , it is too hard . I get to playing ps2 once a night and i dont like how hard it is to get used to the controls . I am an EA gamer because the controls are easy and you are more in control . this whole isomotion thing is trash . i cant control my player because hes still in that 15 second crossover that sends him in the wrong direction and eventually gets the ball stolen or i charge the defender . speaking of defender , this AI is impossible to get . where ever you go he goes there is no escaping him . Now im stuck with ESPN Basketball . I shouldnt have listened to the guy that sold it to me . Very disappointed .
 EPSN NBA BASKETBALL IS ONE THE WORST SPORTS GAMES IN TERMS OF GAMEPLAYING . WHEN I WAS PLAYING THE GAME , I HAD A HARD TIME TO PRESS MY BUTTONS TO PLAY . I BELIEVE THIS WOULD HAPPEN TO WHO HAVE PLAYED THE GAME . THE GAMEPLAY IS THE WORST , SAME AS THE PREVIOUS VERSION . THE GRAPHICS IS BAD TOO . THANK GOD I RENTED THE GAME FROM BLOCKBUSTER TO PREVENT FROM RIPPING OFF . IF YOU WANT TO PLAY A REAL QUALITY BASKETBALL GAME , TRY NBA LIVE 2004 . I HEARD THAT IT 'S PRETTY COOL . I AM NOT TRYING TO PROMOTE EA SPORTS TO YOU . BUT IF YOU HAD PLAYED NBA LIVE 2003 , YOU KNOW WHAT I AM SAYING .
 At first the game seemed fun , and the 24/7 looked interesting , but as I played more and more , I just got really frustrated . I 'll just talk about the training in 24/7 - it 's impossibly difficult . Sometimes you are required to do a certain thing many times in a row , for instance , layup , but you can hit all the right buttons and the guy just wo n't do it , then you have to start over -LRB- think about the frustration when you have only one more to go but fail the last time -RRB- . Sometimes you run or jump for a rebound , the timing and direction are all right , but the ball would hit your guy 's head and bounce off -LRB- it looks so stupid -RRB- , then your opponent gets it . Spin/crossover are useless , your opponent can steal your ball everytime you try . Guarding people ? Good luck ... your character constantly slips or gets knocked down and there 's nothing you can do about it . They move REAL SLOW too !! turbo does n't make them move any faster . The only easy thing is to block your opponent , but that means you get blocked all the time too . I think Sega wanted to make it `` realistic , '' but it turned out really bad . 24/7 is a great idea , but you ca n't use the character you create to play in a real game , and the training sucks -LRB- real-time sucks even more ! I mean what 's the idea ? do I have to play game all the time like I have no life ? -RRB- . In short , good idea , but horrible game .
 Dont waste ur money ... Sega cant compete with Easports at all . The graphics are terrible , the camera angles r horrid , the isomotion mode causes u 2 charge in2 the defender 9 times out of 10 , and the i cant reli figure out hw 2 change the length of the quaters . Nba live isnt perfect but it is certainly better than this game . the only reason y i gave this game even 1 star was because it reli looks like an espn game and the nightly wrap up thing is pretty cool . This is a waste of 50 bucks ! I havent tried the 24/7 mode but i hate how its in real time . i dont play ever second of life so how am i goin 2 accomplish nything in this mode ?!?!?!?!? Overall this game is something u dont want 2 have spent $ 50 on .
 I 'm not sure where to begin with this deadful game.I played Live 04 and was pleased , great graphics , easy to control , however this simulation stats and rating attributes were upsetting . So I bought ESPN , and man , am I upset . The graphics on this game are not too far up from Dwouble Dwibble . The game play and camera angles are the worst I have ever seen and the player motions and animation are Horrid -LRB- except in the instant replay which gamers never use -RRB- ! I tried to bring this game back but was n't able to because I already opened it . Nothing will please me more than to burn it , which I am about toi do now . If you are all about simulations without playing a game than this is for you . However if you love actually playing games - DO NOT buy this game . Oh yeah , EBX changed its policy and it is now impossible to bring back a game , so once you have it , your stuck .
 I bought this game with very high expectations . But to my disappointment this game was a joke . The best quality for this game was the graphics . The players looked very sweet , but that does not make up for the other garbage this game had . I have loved the 2k series since it came out . Unfortunetly the games for basketball have progressively gotten worse . NBA 2k1 is the best by far . since then the basketball series has gone down hill . Back to 2k4 , the biggest problem i found was the camera angles . you can barely adjust them . there is no zoom feature . that was really frustrating cuz it seemed that the hoop was 300 feet away . it was very hard to tell if you made or missed a shot . rebounding was difficult and the overall gameplay was down over the last couple of years . this game was definetley overrated by earlier critics . i expected this game to be similar to last years with the problems they had fixed . They may have been somewhat fixed but they fell in more important areas of this game . as a person who loves basketball games do n't waist your money on this . i recommend getting NBA live 2004 . It is much improved over last years game . Live is definetly better than NBA 2k4 this year . It has the potential of being a better game than any of the previous 2k series . The only game that is better than Live 2004 for basketball has been dreamcast 's game 2k1 . Definetly rent 2k4 before you buy it , because you might find out how disapointing it really is . Compare 2k4 with Live 2004 and see how Live is a better game this year . Hopefully next year ESPN will get their head in the game and make a game that will make all basketball fans happy .
 I purchased this for my wife for a birthday present . She has a variety of videos of this type but not this specific one . Other videos she has purchased have been 30 minutes long for the price paid . This video was only 1 routine for 15 minutes for the same price as others with 30 minutes . Very disappointing .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 The helmet is okay , except for the strap to go under the chin . It does not have a seat for the chin or that area . So the strap which is nylon by the way , will be quite uncomfortable.The set only comes with one set of pads , not two sets as shown on the picture , which can either be used as elbow or knee pads . The pads also can not fit securely on the elbow or knee and will slip around . the nylon straps also squeeze the limbs and leave impressions on your skin.Not recommended .
 Cute ? Yes . Cheaply made and poor quality ? YES YESThis helmet feels and looks so very unsafe and ... just cheap ... that I would not even try it on my daughter . This seems to be much more of a toy than a safety item . Maybe it is rated by some safety board and maybe it might protect your little girl 's head -LRB- once -RRB- in an accident ... maybe ... but I 'm not willing to take that chance.My opinion
 I got this for my daughter last year -LRB- 3 yr . old -RRB- . Very disappointed . It does not fit her right . We 've tried adjusting every possible way . We get it so tight it is cutting into her chin , then we loosen it just a hair and it shifts forward and falls over her eyes . It has actually been falling off of her head when she swings her head or falls off her bike . It is supposed to be the right size for her . My older son has a schwinn helmet . We have not had any trouble with it . It fits perfectly and the straps seem much better quality . I am now shopping on amazon for a schwinn for my daughter . My daughter does have a small head , but from now on I 'm sticking with schwinn .
 I purchased this helmet and elbow / kneepad for our granddaughter for her birthday . The helmet was ok , sort of . The suspension system was difficult to adjust and the chinstrap connector pinched her neck when it was engaged . A Velcro closure for the chinstrap would have been more appropriate . As for the elbow / kneepads , they had a hard plastic bubble type fixture that provided protection for those particular joints but they did not allow the pads to flex and bend because it was one piece and rigid . This item seemed to be made for and more appropriately used by her to play dress up with her doll babies that would never actually be riding . Definitely not designed for what it supposed to do . I would return the item but being her age she does not understand why grandpa would take her present away from her . I would definitely NOT recommend this product and will be buying her functional equipment locally .
 I thought the jacket was going to be a bit heavier . Its like wearing plastic .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 The basic concept of this fender is simple and straightforward
 This fender , if nothing else , looked really nice on my Mtn bike . But unfortunately , it does n't offer much more than looks . There are a couple of decent ideas here , but I think Topeak forget to do any sort of quality control , prototype testing -LRB- or anything else for that matter -RRB- before shipping this to retailers . The adjustable front lip of this fender is great for extra splatter control , and the idea of making this a quickly removable piece is an idea that is great on paper . Sadly , that 's about all the good I can say for this piece.As stated , the quick release design needs some serious improvement . It consists of a strap threaded through a piece of plastic . When put on my bike , the fender would not stay in line with even the slightest of nudges . I ended up using both velcro and zip ties to hold it on , which completely negated the quick release use . Strike 1 . The design provides very limited placement and is n't very adjustable at all . The only two places that provide any sort of movement are the front lip of the fender -LRB- which is a huge plus ! -RRB- , and there is a pivot point right where the arm attaches to your seat post . So , once you put this on your seat , all you can really do is tilt the back end of the the fender up . Not entirely bad , but with a full suspension bike , you 're pretty much guaranteed to get some wicked tire rubbing . Hopping a curb today slammed my tire into the fender ~ ended up shattering the front lip and cracking the fender in several places . Strike 2 . I 'd offer up a third strike , but as the fender shattered after a mere five miles of city riding , that sums up my experience with it.So , as far as recommending this to others , that would be an absolute no . There are several other fenders on the market that are more adjustable , make of higher quality materials , and are just all around better .
 This is a great looking fender which is let down by a rubbish lokcing mechnism and is terribly noisy on the road . . I have spent over half an hr trying to adjust the fender to eliminate the sound to absolutely no avail . Also the grip keeps loosening . . Do youself a fovor and avoid this one .
 The mount was easy enough but the fender could not hold its weight as soon as i hit a slight bump the fender hit the rear wheel and the plastic cracked .
 this fender could barely support its own weight , often dropping and scraping the top of my rear tire almost like a baseball in the spokes of a bike . when it was n't moving out of position vertically , it would rotate laterally & scrape the sides of my rear tire . fastens to the frame well enough not to fall off -LRB- which would have been desirable -RRB- but not well enough to stay in position . i bought a replacement within a month because this fender worked so poorly .
 Warning
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 These usually work well for my needs but the little note about it being for a mac was not very prominent on the site and I ordered it by mistake .
 The net is flimsy , the sticks only about 18 inches long . I have 5 boys between 2 and 13 who have a skate rink in our yard to use They like to play Hockey for fun but we are better off buying old sticks at the thrift store ... no one really likes the little plastic ones I bought .
 Buyer Beware ! The item description does not give dimensions of the goal or sticks . The package arrived in the actual packaging - no brown box or wrapper , giving away contents - at Christmas time ! - and the set is very small . Packaging shows toddlers playing with the set - item description did not specify this ! Not a good item for a 10 year old . Poor description . I 'd say pass ...
 I picked this up from a garage sale for around $ 2.00 , and even that price was a waste . I bought it for my then 5 year old boys and it was still way too small to do anything with . They still had to bend down to hit the sticks . And mom , on my knees . I guess if you have younger children or are playing this indoors it might be more fun , but it 's not any fun outside on the driveway , it 's just too short and too small to enjoy , even for a 5 year old !!
 Not a problem with the product , but I try to return this item , because want to get another ball which I was going to pay them MORE money and the company was NOT able to give me a return LABEL.Very poor customer service NOW somebody else is getting my business .
 Not getting this brand or box . Seem to have gotten some cheapy smaller version from the seller . Have n't needed to use them , yet , but hope they last .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 Bought this product to clean `` black streaks '' from a cargo trailer . Product does not instantly , nor with scrubbing , remove the black streaks as it claims . False advertisement . May be good for cleaning floors as the other reviewer stated , but I bought it to clean `` black streaks '' as advertised and it does no such thing ?
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I bought this as a gift for my husband who is a big Tigers fan . I was disappointed when I received the hat , but went ahead and wrapped it thinking maybe it was n't as bad I perceived . Well , it was . The material was very cheap feeling , rough and extremely stiff . The dimensions were not correct either , meaning that the height was too large and the bill even extremely wide . Compared to a previous Tigers hat I had bought , it was completely different . Needless to say , the gift did n't go over so well . I could n't find my papers to return it , so I suggested he just use it whe he mows the lawn . He made mention that he would n't even wear it for that .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 this necklace is a piece of junk i would not recommend it to anyone
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 I bought a 36 inch GoFit red foam roller and I loved it but itturned from a cylinder to an hour glass revolved around itslong axis ! This happened after 1 month use . It did notregain its original shape . It was great while it lasted.How can I use it now ?
 I got this in the hopes of being able to use it while playing my favorite MMOs . Unfortunately , it is impossible to use with an ordinary desk and keyboard setup and still have any kind of ergonomic support for the wrists . The vertical motion of the bike means that your knees * will * hit the bottom of any reasonably-adjusted keyboard tray . If you do happen to have a reclining chair and a keyboard tray that can be independently moved to a correct position for a reclining person , then great . Otherwise , you 're going to have to either sacrifice good wrist posture -LRB- not an option for me -RRB- or give up on the biking-while-gaming idea.The resistance on this little guy is also disappointing . I realize it 's not a full-sized exercise bike , but I was hoping for something that would make me feel like I was getting exercise . This gets my blood flowing , but does n't actually give me a workout.Also , the bike comes with foam pads attached to the pedals , presumably for a comfortable grip when doing an arm workout . I found that , if I used the bike while wearing sneakers , the foam hit the edge of the bike and started disintegrating , leaving a black mess on the floor.I thought about returning this , but am hoping to at least get a little use out of it while watching television , if nothing else .
 In short , this is a $ 60 pedal assembly with three bucks worth of electronics with an exotic retail price . If the price was cheaper it would be a good way to test your own interest in game bike gaming , but the price makes this a little unreasonable.I bought this while waiting for a decent full-bike conversion kit to become available . Not a serious workout , but a vast improvement over sitting still for hours . I actually found my ability to combine movement axiis improved by the use of my feet . In World of Warcraft ` traveled ' about 500 miles to level to 60 , and felt a difference . Suddenly exploring for map-flukes was n't such a pointless habit.I agree with others , configuring a workable setup around this thing is tough , and the ultra-thin pedals with the annoying foam rubber ankle-brush guards are a bad idea . The pedals are a foot-arch killer and the rug looked like the welcome mat to a coal mine after a few sessions . I used a wire-rack shelf and wire-tied a comfy chair and the controller down to keep it from sliding or rocking about . This looked like heck . Wives would not be pleased.Ultimately I got sick of working around the thing and retrofit the electronics to my full-size bike -- negating any warrantee . This lasted a few days before ESD killed the controller chip
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 This Caliper is for FAT people . This will not work well if you are an athlete or wish to watch the way your body fluxuates . If your are Truly FAT and plan to loose 40 lbs . than this may work for you . The instructions that accompany this device ar n't all that helpfull and if your already thin and wnat a precise mesurment DONT waist the money on this devise .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 My recumbent bike wore out so I thought I would try this cycle since it seemed like a good solution as it was more portable . The cycling mechanism is not very smooth . I actually had the first one replaced because the right pedal clicked so loudly that my whole family complained . Ditto for the replacement . It also moves around easily and the rubber feet are worthless . Buy something else as this is not worth your time .
 I purchased this item for a family member and give it as a Christmas gift , little that I knew , item did not come with all parts . What an emberasement ! My advise `` when buying present open first than check if everything there than give '' . Stamina 15-0120 InStride Cycle XLZIMA
 I can not attest to the way that this product functions - because when I received it it was already broken -LRB- the pedal was off and the ring that attached it was broken . I was planning to use this just to get a little extra exercise during the work day - not worth buying .
 I actually hurt my achilles with this crap . Does not put together right , does not work right ; a worthless piece of scrap metal .
 This thing has a free-wheeling action and offers no resistent . When I screwed down the `` resistence '' knob , it rubbed - metal on metal , it seems - for a second . What a waste of money and time .
 I thought i would be able to use this in the place of going to the gymn . Oh you can get a workout , because the cycle does n't stay in place , so you 're constantly having to stop and move it back into place , guess you ca n't expect much for the money.I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I do n't understand how this item got 4 star review . when you tighten the screw to increase difficulty level , the steel pedals get so hot that it burned my skin other day . I called Amazon for compensation . But got only advice to return the item and write anything in the review . I got a lesson that four star review at Amazon does n't really mean anything .
 WHILE USING THE PRODUCT IT STICKS AS IT TURNS - NOT GIVING ME A TRUE FEELING OF RIDING A BIKE . ALTHOUGH , THE RESISTANCE IS DUE TO TURNING THE KNOB IN THE MIDDLE OF THE TUBE , IT DOES N'T SEEM TO GIVE YOU A TRUE VERSION OF EXERCISING . IF THE PRODUCT CAN BE IMPROVED IN RESISTANCE AND SMOOTHNESS OF PEDALING - IT WOULD PROBABLY BE MORE EFFECTIVE .
 If you just want to move your muscles then its fine . I would not recommend it for workout . The knob at the top loosens and even when I tighten it , it does n't seem to increase the resistance of paddles . Unimpressive .
 you get what you pay for . uneven pedaling motion . cheaply manufactured . will not last . not worth one dollar . save your money for something better
 The InStride Cycle is too big to fit under any desk and slides along the carpet . The motion is also herky-jerky and the resistance is not consistent . I could barely get enough resistance for anything meaningful . It is OK if you use just your toes , but of course you bang your knees on the desk . I do NOT recommend this .
 The product is very poorly designed and does not assemble properly . After some frustrating time , I had to give up.Amazon should drop this product from offering .
 I got this for my wife , she does not use it because the feet rotate on the unit so will not stay in place .
 This product was very unstable , even on carpet . There is no resistance and the caps on the feet kept coming off . Sending it back !
 Does the job for my wife with some modifications . As designed it will not stay put on the floor . I bought a piece of capet mesh to put under the cycle to keep it from moving . Also when you increase the resistance it makes pedeling an uneven jerky type of motion . Overall it will help her until the weather gets good enough to walk outside .
 You can use this thing for about 30 minutes before it gets too hot and starts to squeak horribly . You can tell it 's from overheating because the pedal arms get too hot to touch ! We have two of them bought from amazon and we took them apart to see if we could lubricate the mechanism -LRB- not easy to do -RRB- but with wd40 and lithium grease it still squeaks like you 're strangling a goose . The manufacturer has a laughable return policy requiring original packaging , packing slips , paid shipping and mandatory insurance which makes it not worth it to try to return and therefore not worth buying if you are worried about the noise . OTHER than all that , it works fine .
 Product looks fine , assembly was easy as could be , but once we got it set up ... It was unlike any other bike type THING I 've ever used . The only thing it has in common is that it has pedals.As someone else mentioned , the resistance is either nothing or stuck . If you manage , somehow , to get it to the resistance you want , you 'll pedal along just fine for a bit and then just suddenly get stuck . Probably once every thirty seconds . So you 're starting to get into your set routine pace and then it locks up and you have to get it all set back up . Reason I say you have to get `` set back up '' is because it will not stay put . They might as well have put oil on the feet instead of rubber for how much it moves around . Chances are , if you are using it at work and you have a chair with wheels , you 'll be moving backwards if you can find a position for the bike to stay in and not move from . I 've found myself * holding onto * my desk to keep from moving backwards while using this.I 'm sure there are other similar , light-weight products on the market . Save yourself from wanting to strangle someone and just buy one of those . They 're more than bound to be better than this piece of junk .
 This product is well built . I put under my desk at work ... and after 5 minutes or so it would start squeaking and it has absolutely no resistane . Still looking for a challenge .
 I bought this machine with high hopes but I just ca n't make it stop from sliding across the floor when I use it . On multiple occasions , I tried several different ways to stop it from moving away from me or from becoming crooked .
 Very disappointed with the look and feel . Seems very cheaply made , like it wo n't last long even if it did work . But the real issue was that it was impossible to use on carpet . Every time you put any pressure on a pedal it just slid away from you across the carpet . The feet are rubber so it may work better on a smoother surface , but I sincerely doubt it . The rubber of the feet is the hard , not sticky , kind , and they are round feet pushed onto a round tube which means that even when they get purchase on the floor , they simply spin around the tube and you end up with spinning rubber feet and the device rolls away from you anyway ! Given the poor engineering and quality it is unlikely it will work good on any surface . It was a gift for someone who can not move much anymore and I was very disappointed in the overall look but even more disappointed once we assembled it and he actually tried to use it ! The only way it could be used for more than one revolution of the pedals was with someone else standing on the other side bracing the device . Useless ! Do n't waste your time !
 Had issues assembling the product . The hole threads were not cut , therefore not able to screw the unit together . Quality is what you pay for . Be warned .
 Buyers BEWARE . This is a peice of JUNK . Only buy if you like unsafe , lopsided exercise equipment . After you get it assembled ; the front left lifts up before you even try to exercise on it . Then , if you decide to use it just for the arms and put it on the table ; the lift is much , much worse -- so keep that in mind if you decide to go ahead and waste your hard earned money on this piece of garbage .
 Sorry , but I had to return this item . Although the quality of the materials and workmanship were fine , the design made it impossible to use.When trying to pedal my heels would hit the bottom support , no matter how I tried to prevent that . The pedals need to be made higher off the floor .
 I read the reviews of this stationary bike and bought despite knowing that minor mechanical problems were common , but I 'm fairly handy and previous reviewers provided tips on how to fix the small problems . My bike , however , was so badly made that it simply was n't repairable . The wholes for the bolts were so poorly drilled that two feet were 1/2 inch off the floor . I will not purchase anything else from this company .
 This was not stable even on carpet . The tension was also not very adjustable . Seemed cheaply made . The floor grips did not stay in one place . They were always twisting and turning .
 The price was right for this product and the parts are sturdy and plenty strong . The welding was not great though , and the product was mis-aligned which causes it to wobbleClip to attach small plastic timer was also welded about 1/2 too high so that it could not properly attach .
 I travel so I purchased this to `` replace '' my biking at home . The first time it would actually tighten down for resistance . After that I would tighten it , but no resistance . Not really worth the money since I do n't want to just pedal for nothing .
 I did n't have high hopes for this dirt cheap exercise machine and it did n't even manage to live up to those . Basically this machine is useless unless you find a way to anchor it to the floor and/or are too small to actually move it . My intention was to use it at the office under my desk but I could n't make it stay put no matter what I tried . In addition , the difficulty setting mechanism is impossible to use and has only two levels - frictionless and stuck . Overall this was a big disappointment and I ended up returning it -LRB- thanks to Amazon for the great return policy -RRB- . In two words - do n't bother .
 I bought one of these from my local Joe 's sports center . It does assemble easily and is very light.I am not complaining about the jerky range of motion / the difficulty of setting resistance -LRB- as one other reviewer put it , frictionless or impossible -RRB- , because these are usual characteristics of friction resistant cycles . The cycle aspect is not bad.What makes this machine a bad choice for casual under-desk use is the gripping feet -- or lack thereof . The black rubber pads on each leg are not secured in any way ; I 'd use it for about five-ten minutes , and then suddenly one would spin , I 'd lose friction , and the whole thing would slide forward . The constant having to adjust the gripping feet and jury rig the whole system -LRB- I tried putting 12lb handweights on the front legs , and that did help a bit -RRB- meant that it was frustrating to use . A steady pace would always be interrupted by the spin-and-slide . If you have a frustrating piece of gym equipment , you are n't going to use it . It 's ineffectual and high maintenance.This could be a good purchase for you if you know what to expect from a friction resistance cycle and have a way to secure it , or if you plan to use it on top of a desk for arm work only . DO NOT BUY for casual , under-desk use .
 this thing not so great , it gets to hot you can burn your fingers if you try to adjust position , overall not good workout , cant fit under any bed foot not stedy , whole unit not steady ...
 `` You get what you pay for '' is an appropriate description for this inexpensive , primitive mini-cyle . I should have heeded the concerns as expressed by previous buyers of this product from Amazon . Positives
 I purchased one of these and within a week the pedal mechanism had fallen apart . I shipped it back for a replacement , which just had a pedal snap off entirely , with not a lot of high-effort workout involved . I do not recommend this product .
 It 's a good thing the price was not so outrageous because the design is not good . The foot holders are not adjustable so I think maybe a small child could wear shoes and still be able to put their foot in them . The feet that hold the pedal exerciser on the floor are not secured in any way , and since the overall weight is not heavy , it travels when being pedaled .
 Pros : - It has 2 pedals , and if you exert force they will turnCons : - Too tall for many desks - Jerky feedback , very inconsistent pressure , sticky even - Does not `` feel '' like a bike or elliptical at all ... feels gimmicky and cheapSpend more $ and buy a better unit . This one is pretty bad .
 This was the second time that I bought this model . The first one I bought held up for a long time , so when the pedal broke off I had no complaints . This time I was never able to adjust the tension as I 'd been able to do with the original one I owned . There were horrible squeaks at first , but I wrote that off as an adjustment period . But when the squeaking stopped , there was still no appreciable difference between the lightest & heaviest setting . And then -- the fastener for the pedal broke and it became a piece of junk . I had used it for less than 1 month when that happened.This is a very convenient way for apartment dwellers to get indoor exercise since it takes up so little space . I wish I knew of a similar product at a similar cost that was more reliable .
 I purchased this item because I have a permanent back injury from a car accident , and it makes it very hard for me to exercise regularly , so I thought this would be just the thing for me.I used it for only 15 minutes , with the tension turned up , and when I went to pull my foot out of the strap , I was VERY badly burned . The entire inside of my foot has a nasty burn on it , and when I checked the unit , the pedals and the central unit where you adjust the tension were all scalding hot . After more than 45 minutes , they are still hot to the touch.If you are planning to use this item with any tension at all , do not choose this one , this is a VERY DANGEROUS piece of equipment .
 If you like to pedal with NO resistance , this works fine . If you try to add resistance the pedals stick . You can force the pedals , but then the unit will become hot , smell bad and squeal . The rubber pads on the bottom will NOT hold the unit in place while you work out.The little gadget on the front ? It 's a poorly designed timer , that 's all . Press quickly to toggle start/stop or hold for FOUR seconds to reset . No worries though
 This is a good idea , but overall it is difficult to use . You need to prop the cycle against a wall to keep it from sliding -LRB- the rubber feet do not hold -RRB- . Also , you can not maintain a cycling pattern , as it has a herky-jerky movement from the start ; you keep having to stop and start in a futile attempt to get up to a consistent speed . It also overheats within a few minutes -LRB- you can burn your hand if you grab it at this point -RRB- . The only viable use is to place the cycle on a table and use it for arm exercise . It has some utility here.I might have used it more if it could be pedaled in a more fluid manner , but it is impossible . You would be much better off just going to a stationary bike .
 Not a good product and not worth for money.It is really diffucult to use.You need to ask someone to hold the instrument , If you really want to do exercise .
 I used this product three times , about 20 minutes each , before the right peddle slipped off the metal arm . Something inside where they connect was broken . The product is unrepairable . Apparently Amazon wo n't refund me , neither will the manufacturer -LRB- though I did register the product for warranty -RRB- . I would recommend purchasing something else . This is the definition of poor quality ! It also makes noise and slides on the carpet . Fortunately , it never overheated on me .
 I was unhappy with this product because it did not perform as described . It slipped on carpeting ; the tension could not be properly adjusted ; and after a very short time of use , the pedals made a very annoying and almost continuous squeaking which was not abated with oil . Furthermore , the use for arms was even more unsatisfactory , in my husband 's and my opinion .
 I bought this to have at work to use to keep my legs going as i sit for long periods of time , i am by no , means in shape , 6 ' 4 and 220lbs , with the tension screw all the way down , this offers almost no resistance.Also the cheap plastic feet are useless on any tile floor , the machine just slides and moves around far too much , i would think they could of afforded to use real rubber feet and not harden plastic .
 I hardly ever return items to Amazon , but this exercise bike was very disappointing . I 'm by no means a super fit person , but the resistance on this bike was never enough for me to consider using any real exercise . I used it one day for 90 minutes and never broke a sweat . It was set at the maximum resistance that I could use without making the thing squeak so loudly that I worried it would wake my son up in the other room . The squeaking can not be fixed with WD-40 because the problem is within the mechanism thing in the middle . One other thing - the bike gets really hot , starting with that centrally located enclosed part in the middle , but also the metal pieces connected to the pedals - and when I say hot , I mean hot enough to burn you . Overall , I would say that this bike has very little utility and is potentially dangerous . The only person I could see * maybe * benefiting from it is someone very weak , perhaps in some sort of rehab and probably only for arms , not legs . For my husband and I , this bike is totally useless , a piece of crap , to be precise .
 It 's not a smooth rotation , and the more tension you put on it the rotation is nonexistent . Do not waste your money
 I bought this cycle to use while I was recovering from a knee injury this summer . Everytime I used it , my feet would hit the edge of it and it was very annoying . It was easy to set up though but overall , I am not happy with it . I am returning it to amazon for a refund and will be joining a gym instead .
 The product was not all that I had hoped . I had hoped that it was a stand-up device . I really could n't tell by looking at it online . Additionally , the top piece , the gear , was put on irregularly , i.e. , the right side drags the floor . Disappointing , to say the least .
 I was very disappointed in this product and ended up returning it . One of my magazines rated it highly , but I thought it was flimsy . I tried it and it went right back in the box .
 I live a sedentary lifestyle . I bought this to get a little exercise , after reading that it was n't much exercise but might be good for someone who was sedentary . That 'd be me . Thing is , I took it out of it 's box in the kitchen , then since my friend was sitting in the living room , I decided to put it together in there . The right pedal fell off while i was carrying it . Looked at the broken part , and i kid you not there was rust on it . so i got a refund and bought yarn . i am trying to find other ways to help myself not be sedentary . i 've started doing some walking . it 's free .
 AAA Home Furniture Discounts lacks integrity should be avoided at all costs . I have dealt with hundreds of Sellers in the Amazon Marketplace and AAA Home Furniture Discounts is by far the worst . They misrepresented the product and refused to replace damaged parts , then taunted me and said they would win against any claim I might file . They were completely unprofessional and never even sent an order acknowledgment or shipping notice . DO NOT REINFORCE THIS BEHAVIOR !
 First of all , the cycle is so light that you have to have it against the wall otherwise it will slide around . This would be no big deal if the stoppers on the end of each pole did n't come off constantly regardless of whether it was against a wall -LRB- I have half a mind to hot glue them -RRB- . Also , the bike does n't really have any way to increase or decrease the intensity of the pedaling . I think the T-bolt at the top is meant to do that , but it does n't . Lastly , when you use the cycle for about ten minutes , the metal rods that hold the pedals get scorching hot . There is a warning on it that says -LRB- CAUTION - HOT SURFACE -RRB- but it seems to me like a major design flaw . Overall , not what I expected , and not worth the money I paid for it .
 So I had high hopes , but I 've been disappointed . You need a pretty high chair to make this thing useful . -LRB- I ca n't do it at work from my office chair , or from my couch . -RRB- I did n't want to have to buy new chairs to use this , the whole point was that this was cheap enough to be cost effect and actually supplement my gym work outs.Now I 'm in the market for something else .
 I read every single review that has been written about this equipment . 1-We often are traveling in a motor home , 2 - my husband is recovering from knee replacement surgery , and needs to keep his knees flexible , 3 - I am diabetic and occassionally need to `` work off '' a high blood sugar , 4 - I have arthritis and have gotten weak because pain make moving difficult . For these reasons I had been considering getting this very cycle.I am ordering it today ! I have learned from the reviews that people using this cycle are benefitting from many more problems than I ever thought about . How can we lose ? Amazon 's price is the best , their shipping is the quickest , shipping costs are less , So what 's to lose ? Will let you know later how we like it .
 UNIT LOOKS A LOT BETTER THAN SIMILAR ITEMS I 'VE SEEN . I TRIED IT OUT AND IT WORKS OK . NOW IF I COULD JUST MY WIFE TO TRY IT BECAUSE THAT 'S WHO I BOUGHT IT FOR .
 This thing gets VERY loud squeak after about 10 min . The resistance is a joke , and the thing moves around all over . I wo n't give it one star because it does work , when you can get it to sit still ... but not worth the money !
 I would recommend to someone who had better balance but it was too wobbly and light weight for the person I bought it for .
 I 'm a fit person in my 30s , and recently moved to a new city and into a new job . My new lifestyle is much more sedentary than my old one -LRB- was living in a very walkable , pedestrian-friendly city where I 'd walk to and from work -RRB- . I now have a 9-5 desk job , and I hate sitting around all day.I bought this little machine to try to at least fidget and move around at work , and get rid of this gross super-sedentary feeling . Unfortunately , the unit is too big to use under my desk ; my knees hit the lower part of the desk when I use it , making it essentially impossible to use at work -LRB- its intended purpose -RRB- . Like others have noted , it also slides around a lot , and is impossible to use when you have a roller desk chair -LRB- your chair will just roll back -RRB- . It 's also jerky and provides very little resistance , even when the resistance screw is turned tightly . Possibly a decent work out for the sick or infirm , but not even much activity for a fit person looking to move around during the day.I got it on sale for $ 29 , so it 's not worth it to send it back .
 I got this for a Christmas present . when we opened it and tried putting it together . you CAN NOT put on the timer . the one and only stationary part -LRB- the wheels -RRB- they shipped assembled is right on top of the spot where you are to slide the part into - THERE NO WAY THAT CAN GO ! they need to lower it at least a inch or more , I am so disappointed i gave a defective gift .
 Purchased this cycle to help elderly family member to regain strength in their legs . I do n't like it because it is hard for them to maneuver . It does not stay in place on the floor .
 The pedal motion is not smooth , it has a jerky , rickety feel . Unfortunately , I 'll be returning it . Also , the whole device is so lightweight that it does n't stay put on the floor while using it . It has plastic `` feet '' which are meant to keep it flat on the floor while you are pedaling , however , they do n't work very well . The whole thing moves around after only a minute of pedaling , which is really annoying . Oh well , back to the drawing board .
 The cycle broke within a few minutes of my using it . I will be contacting the company for a replacement part because packing it and returning it is a cumbersome task .
 kind of chincy , if your shoe size is bigger than 9 , you can not wear shoes and try to ues this !
 The price was so good on this one , I just had to go with the positive reviews and ignore the negative ones . Big mistake ! All of those bad qualities ? Absolutely true ! You get what you pay for with this mini-cycle . I 'm returning mine . It really does n't deserve even 1 star .
 Heart rate while walking
 THIS PRODUCT IS VERY DIFFICULT FOR MY 85 YEAR-OLD MOTHER TO USE BECAUSE THE STIRRUPS ARE NEVER IN POSITION FOR EASY USE . SHE STRUGGLES REACHING DOWN TO HER FEET TO FIT THE STIRRUPS ON . ALSO , THIS CYCLE TRAVELS -- IT NEVER STAYS PUT WHEN IN USE .
 I bought this to use at my desk to get in a quick 15 minutes or so a few times a day . The resistance works by tightening a knob . Basically friction is used to establish resistance . This would be fine if it was n't for the pedal arms getting extremly hot . When I say hot , I mean it can burn you . The thing was noisy , it was unstable , and virtually worthless to me.It starts out as a good idea and if it was biult properly then maybe it would realy help someone ... boost the metabolism . . burn a few calories . . tone a bit . . In reality it is just an idea because the hardware is junk . It 's so bad it 's almost laughable . I just being honest when I say do n't waste your money.It did n't cost much so I 'm not really that upset but it was a lesson learned . You get what you pay for . .
 So I understand that this is n't going to give an intense workout , but I figured it might be worth a try for just sitting at a desk and working at a computer . I had hoped to get a little exercise during times when I would otherwise be sedentary . Well , it was n't quite what I had hoped . It really wo n't give you much of a workout at all . It is difficult to use since there is n't anything holding it down . It also gets extremely hot . Had to return it .
 I ordered this after reading all the great reviews , and it is total garbage . Sorry , I rarely write negative reviews but this is just a pile of junk . The bolts came loose right away , you ca n't adjust the pedal straps -LRB- my foot barely fit -RRB- The tensioner is nothing but a screw-tightener that barely works . The stopwatch ca n't be reset . Reviewers said this fit nicely under a desk , I bought it to use at work and not only does it slip all over the carpet , but I would almost have to be lying down to use it under a desk . i apologize , but I am giving this one star and that 's generous .
 I did n't like it . It 's very awkward to use because the pedal straps are hard to slip on right , and if you tighten up the tension control to get a good workout the motion becomes sticky and it does n't operate smoothly . I found it annoying . There does n't appear to be any sort of gear mechanism involved so it feels rough and also the base slips easily . Essentially it 's a good idea , but it does n't function well . I found nothing about it that was worth the money . I tossed it aside a few days after getting it and have n't used it in months . Get one of the highly rated mini steppers instead . You 'll get a nice space saving workout . I recommend an air piston one . - Mike S.
 I ordered womens sweat pants extra large and I was sent mens extra large.They are to big.Instead of sending them back I use them for bed only . I am very disappointed in this mix up . I know that extra large in womens fit me right .
 These sucked . I wear a small in everything . so i ordered these in a small , and they were like balloon pants that went all the way up to my chest ! worst buy from internet , ever .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 I ordered womens sweat pants extra large and I was sent mens extra large.They are to big.Instead of sending them back I use them for bed only . I am very disappointed in this mix up . I know that extra large in womens fit me right .
 These sucked . I wear a small in everything . so i ordered these in a small , and they were like balloon pants that went all the way up to my chest ! worst buy from internet , ever .
 I returned all 3 pair I ordered due to sizing - WAY TOO SMALL for the size I ordered !
 I was mislead by the advertisement . The shorts are skin thin and do n't have pockets in them . Quality it is ok for what they really are ... pijama shorts.Maybe it is my problem 'cause I am not a native English language speaker , maybe not .
 I took a chance on these shorts sight unseen and unfortunately I gave them away after trying them on . The fabric is some sort of icky synthetic and feels terrible .
 The design of the shirt looked nice online ... but for more than 30 bucks , it was a rip-off . The fabric is cheap and thin , the button threads are weak and look like they 'll give out at any moment , and the logo on the back of the shirt is painted on as opposed to embroidery -LRB- this last bit really bugged me -RRB- . All-in-all , this shirt makes for an interesting photograph ... but for a bowling shirt ? Come on . It is n't built to take the stress of an evening out bowling with the gals .
 I bought this knife from the home depot for around $ 10.00 after I lost my Winchester folding knife . At first glance it seemed like a steal now , less than a full month of minor usage , it looks like I was the one taken to the bank.The most minor problem is the rubber inserts came off after just about a week . Now I 'm noticing that the blade is rubbing against the inside liner and getting dull quickly because of that . Also , the blade has come loose several times and had to be tightened.The good points are that it was cheap enough to just keep on the side as a back-up if need be . It did come sharp right out of the box , did keep an edge fairly well and is easy to sharpen.The Winchester I lost was just a couple dollars more but it did last alot longer , I had it for about 5 years and would still be using it if I had n't lost it . I would recommend looking around , there are knives with better overall quality priced competitively with this one .
 Not good . Metal is cheap and the tang might as well be a rat tail . I took the planks of to look at the tang right after i took it out of the box . Barely anything down there . Do n't give this thing a second glance
 the sheath is cheap nylon , not the abs plastic snap in sheath that the picture shows . not a timberwolf sword . I actually ordered this because I had ordered this from Budk and loved it , so I ordered another from Amazon . the one that Amazon sent was not the right one , it does not even look similar , it has chinese writing on the blade and is not what I ordered ...
 FOR SHOW ONLY . Blade is cheap . Threw it lightly downward into a log and the whole tip bent . Not a heavy duty sword at allll . Chips out of blade also just from casual brush clearing . Wrap around handle is wack and wrap comes lose and travels up and down blade , underneath the wrap is some black plastic . Maybe causing the wrap to travel idk ? ... lol ... The sword is good for display that 's about it . The sheath is just pure nylon crap -LRB- so just throw it in the toilet , then take it out and give it to someone you do n't like for christmas -RRB- .
 Crap steel . crap edge . crap handel wrap . the tang has a cut out in it in the shap of a throwing knife and so is weak . crap wood plat 's wraped in plastic bag like strips covered with crap nylon web cord . I striped the handl taped the wood plates in place and wraped it with some spare 550 cord I had . and It Is truly an awsome pizza cutter for cutting yer oven baked pizza . that 's about as good as it get 's . sheath ? Crap.But for 15 buck 's it 's the best dame pizza cutter you can get fot that price !
 Back in January , I attempted to buy a fan bike from Amazon.com . They had a high quality bike that normally went for $ 220 that was marked down to $ 80 . I went ahead and purchased it , happy with the fact I got a great deal . After a couple of days passed , I noticed that my credit card was not billed . I made several inquiries and I was told that Amazon did n't have the bike in stock and my order was subsequently cancelled . They then offered me this bike as a replacement , though it was listed at $ 120 . After several hours of complaining and threatening legal action -LRB- bait and switch -RRB- , they finally relented and gave me the bike at $ 80 -LRB- though I now needed to pay tax and increased shipping -RRB- . When the bike arrived , I must say I was disappointed ... there was no resistance settings ... one speed , all the time . No matter how I adjust the seat , the handles are too far away and I am forced to lean in an uncomfortable position to work the handles . I get absolutely no work out ... instead a sore back from leaning over.This is the second time I found an item on Amazon that was a `` great value '' -LRB- $ 150 below invoice -RRB- , and the second time I was unable to purchase the item even though I was told that I successfully purchased .
 I bought this mat when I just started doing yoga . It took me some time to realize that it 's not the right mat for yoga , so I bought another one1 -RRB- it 's too thick for yoga2 -RRB- when you do for example downfacing dog , the mat also stretches , and it does n't feel comfortable for the poses like this .2 -RRB- it 's thick and it 's not very comfortable for your hands.The quality of the mat is good , but I do n't think it 's the right mat for yoga .
 I ordered womens sweat pants extra large and I was sent mens extra large.They are to big.Instead of sending them back I use them for bed only . I am very disappointed in this mix up . I know that extra large in womens fit me right .
 These sucked . I wear a small in everything . so i ordered these in a small , and they were like balloon pants that went all the way up to my chest ! worst buy from internet , ever .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 I ordered this for a Christmas gift but I never received it . I guess they did n't have any when I ordered it I was never billed for it either but never go a response from company that order was coming from
 The lenses are intercheable , either that or they just remove too easily , and they fogged up during a woodland/open terrain airsoft match , I had to take cover and stick my fingers in , that 's when I realized the lenses came off too easily . It 's a nightmarish safety issue , you 're better off buying shooting glasses or a non-vented safety goggle from your hardware store that 's ANSI rated or real eye-pro like a paintball mask .
 $ 20 wasted on 2 of these . My kids -LRB- 10 and 13 -RRB- put these on and were unable to wear them because their eyelashes rub on the glass , and the plastic around the nose area is painful . Yes we did loosen the strap but that did n't help . Very poorly made .
 I got this glasses to protect my kids from the softair BBs . tHe guns broke fast as we got them and so the kids wore these for `` swag '' . Well their swag did n't last long because hte glasses came apart .
 These goggles fog up VERY fast . They are a horrible dark tint that makes it very hard to see . Also , the clear part keeps coming out of the frame.These are horrible . Save your money and buy another pair.Would not recommend to a friend .
 These goggles are horrible . They fog up way too easily and the lenses scratch . Also , the lens actually fell out of the frame . I have resorted to using these as target practice with my airsoft guns .
 First and foremost I 'll say that these are possibly the worst airsoft goggles I 've ever used . The lens fogs up way too easily and too fast . Not exaggerating - at times , it only takes about ten seconds to fog up to the point where you can only make out basic shadows . I do not recommend these to anyone . That plus the rubber frame does n't hold onto the lens very well . Poses a possible serious hazard if you 're playing against other people .
 First let me say that these are fairly inexpensive , so in part you get what you pay for . But beyond that these are exceptionally bad . It 's been a while since I 've ran into a product that is blatantly cheap and poorly engineered.Issues : - The lens pops out regularly . From taking them off/putting them on I found several times they did n't fit right because the lens was trying to jump out of the rubber . - FOG . These things fog up on command . In almost every skirmish I tried to use them they ended up be completely foggy . - Only for small noses . I know that sounds silly , but as a guy with a bigger nose I found that the bridge area on these was extremely small and made them sit funny on my face . - The tint is a bit too dark . Unless you 're using these on a very sunny day I would wager that things will not be as easy to see if you like.Pros : - They do n't talk back when you curse at them for being so crappy .
 this is possibly the worst goggles you can buy . The lenses fogged up within 20 seconds of putting them on . i tried widening the holes but that did n't help . Also the lenses easily separate from the rubber frame , not good when your in the middle of an airsoft war . And the tint is bad for RDS -LRB- red dot sights -RRB- .
 First off i purchesed these with my first airsoft guns witch i sould of done some more researchpro : none : -LRB- cons : there not clear googles so there is no chance you can play a night fightthe glassess come out of the rubberthey are to tight on your headI played with the googles once and havent played since plus they arnt safe they will pop out of the rubber while you play i had to call sevreal time outs with my friends i say dont waste your money on something that wont keep you say in a war
 the goggles came in a timely manner , however , my two greatest complaints are as follows .1
 These supposed `` military grade '' aviator sunglasses do a poor job of protecting the eyes from the sun , regardless of what mm size you get
 These supposed `` military grade '' aviator sunglasses do a poor job of protecting the eyes from the sun , regardless of what mm size you get
 Ive been using cheap wrap around style amber lenses in the cockpit for the past few years and they work pretty well . I decided to fork over a little more money for these , and I just care for them . They are flat across the eyes which leave the sides wide open causing glare from behind . The grey lenses are decent for bright days , especially up in the flight levels . As soon as you get under partly cloudy sky , everything is too dark , especially the cockpit . They do n't seem to offer any haze penetration either . In the first week I got big scratch on them . Other than that , the construction feels decent and the flat ear pieces fit well under the headset .
 WAAAAAAAAAY Too small im 14 yrs old i ordered a small and after wearing thm for 5 minutes the annoyance of them was so great i just used bear hands on my heavybag . Also after wearing them for 5 minutes they started to rip soooo ... dont buy them just get cotton hand wraps or an XXXL . only redeeming quality is they protect really well.Everlast Hand Wraps
 I purchased these Everlast Evergel Hand Wraps as an alternative to rolling and un-rolling hand wraps , but I learned that these do not do a very good job at providing the right support and stability needed to hit the bags or spar . I went back to using good old hand wraps to do the job . I would n't reccommend this item over traditional hand wraps .
 Had these gloves a few years ago so the newer productions might be better . However , when I had them , the stitching came apart after only a few uses so the padding started to detach from the glove . Also , the fit was just weird since those elastic bands across the back of the hands were completely useless . I suppose they were designed so you do n't hyper-extend your fist when you make poor contact . But they did n't even do that . I am going to say that the glove part itself felt fine but I ca n't say that softer or more comfortable material is terribly high on my list of criteria for bag gloves .
 I bought these gloves for my Krav Maga class because they allow me to better grip my opponent . However , they do not protect the fingers enough and I stopped using them due to this -LRB- I was coming out of class with my hands torn and bleeding -RRB- . Also the palms gave out fairly quick with little bits of material falling off all through class which I found annoying .
 Reading the description makes it very clear these are good gloves , however nowhere does it specify they are for a woman . It was n't until i realized they also sell them in pink that they are girls gloves , and naturally did not fit when they arrived .
 I never received these . I 'm sure they are great but between the company that sold these to me , and Amazon , I got nowhere with any of them . It was like throwing $ 20 away just because of the frustration of not getting anywhere .
 I ordered the black version on Jan. 8th ; it 's Jan. 21st and when I called they said the order was lost in the mail , they could n't track it . Amazon said they would replace it , sending it via 1-day service.Then I get an e-mail saying 1-day service does n't apply to PO Boxes ... the customer service rep could n't have said that on the phone and given me the chance to give a different address ? Now we have to wait another week ... if it does n't get `` lost '' again.Not happy with Amazon right now ...
 I bought these gloves to be used in my new punching bag , trying to improve my strength , but after 15 minutes of hard use , I had both hands with injures . I do n't know if these gloves can be useful for other kind of use , but to be used with punching bags , NEVER !!
 We got both these and a pair of more traditional boxing gloves to work out on our new freestanding heavy punching bag . My son tried these wraps first and got large pieces of skin scraped off his knuckles after a few minutes . He 's still soaking one knuckle in epsom salts and using a topical anti-biotic because it became infected . Thinking he maybe did n't use them correctly , I tried them myself and stopped after only a short time when I noticed I was starting to lose skin on my knuckles as well . We both switched to the traditional gloves and found them just right for bag work . I suppose these wraps are good for some other purposes , or perhaps after you 've developed tougher skin or calluses from use . If you ai n't already experienced and toughened up , I would n't use these . Hope this helps .
 I used these gloves once under my boxing gloves and the gel beads started to leak . After just one use ! Bad quality .
 They look like they would work nice for my needs but they are way too small . I got them for me to use but they wo n't even fit my wife who has much smaller hands than I do . For the price I paid for them it is not worth paying return shipping to get my purchase price back so I will give them to a child that can use them .
 I use these as gloves -LRB- I know they are not -RRB- for a kickboxing class and they are very comfortable - so that is not my problem . The problem is that after a month they stink so bad that I ca n't get the stink out ! Washing does n't even help .
 I wish I had read the reviews here before I bought these wraps this week . I 've used them three times for moderate work on a heavy bag and they are already coming apart along the knuckles . I figure they may last another 2-3 weeks before I have to toss them .
 Cut of the circulation in a couple fingers -LRB- no , they were not too small -RRB- , and came apart at the seams almost immediately .
 Used these once with Torso Bob and the sewing around the knuckles started coming apart . The gel inside started falling out . I would not buy these , horrible quality .
 I was so excited to receive this item . I paid for 2 day shipping . I got it and the first time I tried to put them on the mesh on the top of the glove tore at the seam . My hands are large , but not huge and these are the XL size . They do n't have a larger size . The gel was nice when I was hitting the bag with them so if your hands are smaller and you wo n't have to work hard to put them on , it might be a nice purchase .
 If using these as stand-alone MMA gloves
 I bought these to wear under my heavy gloves as a replacement for my regular wraps to make transitioning from my class 's warm-up -LRB- which often includes playing catch with a medicine ball so wraps get in the way -RRB- to our heavy bag work easier . These do n't hold a candle to plain old wraps that cost a heck of a lot less . They give absolutely no support to my wrists or the small bones of my hands . Just not enough material . The gel seems to me to be more `` cute '' than anything . A couple of wraps around my knuckles with my old wraps seem to offer as much if not more protection . To top it off I 've been using them two or three times a week for a month and the mesh next to both thumbs has already ripped through . I guess I just need to get more efficient at wrapping my hands with traditional wraps during transitions .
 Used these one time , and silicone gel beads were leaking out of the gloves . they fit well , and provided good cushion for your hands , but I do n't know how long that will last if it is leaking after the first use .
 The item I received was a different model then the one I thought I was getting . Which resulted in the gloves not fitting because they were too small in that particular model , while the model I ordered would have fit me perfectly -LRB- because I tried them on at a store -RRB- Other than that , the package arrived on time , and the return was easy .
 I bought these hand wraps to use under my gloves and at first they were great , but after 2 weeks use , the knuckle area started to split and now they 're kind of falling apart . Even with proper use , they are n't very durable ; I do n't recommend them . I think I would have been better off if I bought traditional hand wraps instead of these frail things .
 I wish I could say that these are awesome but I could n't even get them on . I have small hands . I am 5 4 and my pinky barley comes out of my mma gloves . I was hopng smalls would be perfect . Well these things were tiny . For a very young adult at best . O well .
 I purchased these because they seemed like a good alternative to wrapping my hands . And they actually worked very well for a few weeks . But then , they started falling apart ! The EverGel is still on the glove , but all of the black fabric has fallen of revealing a thin mesh . If you intend to use them every once in a while , they 'd be fine , but I certainly ca n't recommend these if you intend to use them on a regular basis .
 In 2 weeks 2 pairs of gloves were destroyed by amateur boxers !!! Waste of $ 40 . Better products out there !!
 i put these gloves on and threw a few punches maybe 8 or 10 on the bag and when i took them off the thread from the finger area came apart an the middle finger was torn ... i also hurt my wrist because there is zero support . . these gloves just look nice they are bad for training .
 These in fact are intended to be used as bag gloves . If it was only a quick `` wrap '' , there would n't be any gel in the knuckles . Once your hand is in this glove , it can not fit into a standard boxing glove.This glove has half fingers which have elastic at the ends . The elastic is so tight that it cuts off your circulation in each finger and is useless . Otherwise , this is a good glove and provides good wrist support , but will wear out quickly.I 've used the Harbinger brand gloves for years , with absolutely no problems or injuries . Although Harbinger WristWrap Bag Gloves are twice the cost , the Harbinger are far superior.Harbinger 320 Bag Glove WristWrap -LRB- Black -RRB- Since these are one of the most important pieces of equipment that you will have , do n't compromise .
 My wife if fed up washing my wraps because they tangle into everything in the wash and dryer , so I looked for alternatives and really these might be the only legitimite possibilities . I really wanted for these to work and so , despite the mediocre reviews I bought them . They look cool but really do n't work : They are hard to squeeze under the glovesThey do n't protect your knuckles - I 've never had such damage when using regular wraps . `` Gel '' beads started to find their way out of the padding after one use.I was too lazy to take pictures of my knuckles after use but I should have . That alone should tell anyone who actually hits the bag with any force , not to use them . Regular wraps are n't perfect but they do provide superior protection and better wrist stability . I 'm returning these .
 these are meant to use as hand wraps but they suck when using with gloves over them . the fingers curl back and they dont function anywhere near as good as taking the time to wrap the tried and true way . as bag gloves they will tear very quickly . i wish someone had told me this info before i had purchased . . they are pretty comfortable i will give them that but i have decided through my own experience this a fad item or a trend ... i went back to wraps . once you get into a habit you can wrap good in a short time
 Almost a good product . I had the same problem with seems coming apart . I wo n't spend money on Everlast products anymore .
 These are probably the worst quality gloves I have seen so far.They ripped from just trying them on!These are just a gimmick item , better just to go with normal wraps .
 If you intend to buy them as a replacement for handwraps for doing heavy bag punching , then dont . Of course unless you want your hands to be reduced to arthritic claws . I tried to use them under protex3 everlast 16oz gloves for 80lbs bag punching . Felt sorry for buying . I give them one star as they look good and feel comfortable . May be useful during light bag punching .
 I used it TWICE ... and mean TWICE !!! And they fell apart . And I 'm just a girl punching a bag . Do not buy these never had a pair of gloves fall apart on me that fast .
 I purchased these for my 12 year old daughter who is very small boned . She was unable to get them on her hands since they were so small - they were painful to her . I can not comment on their utility since she was never able to use them ! Tried to return , but vendor wants to subtract charges for the delivery so I 'd have to pay for shipping in two directions . Decided to donate them instead . Maybe there is a 6 year old or a midget out there who could use them !
 this product is good if youer are not planning on hitting the punching bag . i was so excited by the reviews i was reading and when i went to hit the bag with these brand new gloves , i was so disappointed . the gloves ripped slightly at the knuckles and i felt pain but i thought that might have been bc i havent hit the bag for awhile ... but then it started to sting alot . when i took off the gloves , i had skin coming off and hang and bleeding . so i dont know how those people said this glove is good enough to hit the bag ... dont buy this if you want to really get your workout in with the bag . now i have to go buy another glove and i could just bouhgt a good instead of reading these review and listening to all you stupid ass reviewers . now my knuckles hands are messed up so i cant hit the bag for a week or so ... stupid liars and this glove sucks ... it does ... i think the only use for it is if you want to shadow box with them ,
 When I first got these they felt great . They worked great too , but the seams on the wrist started to tear after a couple of weeks of use . I started to tape around the wrists but the fringe of the torn seams became uncomfortable . Had they been more durable I would have given them 5 stars .
 Well fitting if you take the advice and order a size up from what you 'd normally wear-They started breaking down after the second use on a heavy bag-The low price makes them disposable however -
 Purchased these from a local sports store . Customizable fit , excellent gel protection , good wrist support ... but I tore the stitching for the gel after the first few punches -LRB- against a heavy bag -RRB- , tore the mesh stitching over the back of the hand after the next few ... they still work , but these wraps definitely wo n't be Everlasting and are definitely not worth the money .
 I am not a boxer - amateur or otherwise . I like the heavy bag for arm workouts . I used these on my 100lb . neva-tear bag , and after the second use , the spandex material is already tearing at the knuckles . The left hand thumb stitching came apart too . Do n't expect to get much use out of them . Also , they do n't protect the forefinger area , so punching has to be more controlled - which is n't a bad thing unless you miss - ouch ! Gel area provides good cushioning , but I still had the red -LRB- bloody -RRB- areas between the bottom of my fingers - same as I get with cloth wraps . Good wrist support , and faster to put on than wraps , but at least you can wrap the areas you want with more material using traditional wraps . Not worth the price .
 These are good ... the fit and features were fine , as advertised . However , after a couple months of being hurled against my 100 lb bag , the gel burst through the fabric covering the knuckles , effectively leaving me without any gloves .
 This product sounds like a good idea , and maybe somewhere is a good idea . But this is not the one to buy . I purchased two pairs , one tore the very first time I wore them . Getting a response from the vendor and replacement pair took weeks of constant follow-up . I 'm pretty sure if I had been less persistent they simply would have screwed me out of the cost of that pair . The second pair began falling apart a couple weeks later , but at that point I was not about to deal with the vendor again . If you want gel wraps I recommend looking into other brands - these Everlast one are cheaply made and not worth your money . Even better , just stick with the traditional hand wraps , which I am back to after this experiment . Do n't recommend ,
 I received a pair as a Christmas gift and the stitching between the fore & middle finger was already coming undone on the right hand glove . The other glove had similar stitching problems between the thumb and fore finger . Keep in mind , I have not even used them yet . They were shipped that way !!! Based on my own experiences and what I 've read other places , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !! Its a great idea but someone at Everlast dropped the ball with this one .
 I bought these to replace hand wraps . They fit relatively well and are somewhat adjustable using the elastic straps that make an `` X '' on the back of the hand . However , they are made of a combination of mesh fabric , foam rubber , and leather . The foam rubber started to tear away from the mesh material in less than 4 weeks . If the gloves were made of a more durable material , they would be great . I ca n't recommend them given the lack of durability .
 i bought this item in small because i am a woman , 5ft 100 lbs . the gloves are EXTRA small and uncomfortable . i contacted the seller MMA ONE STOP SHOP to exchange for a medium pair and they would not take them back for an exchange.this is the problem with online shopping !
 I bought this with a Century BOB punching bag.BOB held up but the gloves did not . The material started to rip away from the stitching , Completely worthless . 30min !?!
 I was very excited about these gloves . Unfortunately , they run very small . I thought that if I wore them a few times then they would stretch out and form to fit my hand ; however , they have n't and instead my hands have started to lose circulation in the middle of kick boxing class : -LRB-
 These wraps do not provide any real protection to your hands . Yes it is convenience , you can just slip them on . But I recommend sticking to hand wraps . The hand wraps will give your hands the protections they need and the proper support . This only has a gel material around the knuckles and nothing more .
 I specifically measured my hands before buying these gloves , as they come in many sizes and I wanted the best fit . I bought the exact size glove that fit my measurement -LRB- small -RRB- , however I can barely get these on my hands , and once on they cut off the circulation to my fingers . I could n't bear to keep them on for long enough to use them as hand wraps or gloves , so ca n't comment on how good they are for that .
 This product is not made to last . After just one month , the stitching is getting loose on several places , and elsewhere the actual fabric is starting to tear away ! I always thought Everlast was a high quality brand , and therefore I am very disappointed in this product .
 At first I thought its gona give protection but end up it causes too much impact on the joints knuckles .
 `` I am pleased with the seller who credited me promptly for this product . It did not load properly and then I realized it was not rated for Windows 7 . The manufacturer emailed me another version , which also did not work . The instructions were insane . Customer service was clueless . I can not delete the software from my computer . Beware . ''
 Do n't waste your time with this bag if you are serious about a workout and want something that will last . I have busted two of them inside of six months . The first lasted about four months . Everlast sent a replacement after I complained and it lasted two months before it sprang a leak in the side . Also , the bag will bulge in the side and at the bottom . Finally the top of the bag seems to collapse after some use and forms and uneven surface that is difficult to hit without injuring your hand or foot . All around a bad design and dose nothing for the fine name of Everlast .
 I chose this bag as replacement to a leaking Century water/air bag that I loved -LRB- 4 + years old -RRB- . The foam padding does not provide the needed stability around the water core causing the bag to bend on itself . The result is an inconsistent and awkward punching surface .
 In theory this should be a reasonable piece of equipment . Unfortunately , the weight of the water will cause a teardrop effect on the bag , creating a problem finding the `` sweet spot '' of the bag . Furthermore , the teardrop deforms the inner lining and outside of the bag . Lastly , I do n't consider myself a heavyweight by any means , but after 2 months , my bag 's bladder started to leak ... and that was it . Now tell me , what good is a heavy bag that lasts just a short time and is the product of faulty design ?
 Not worth it !!! The top of the bag will cave in after the first few uses . Even though tis happened I still thought it was an ok bag for awhile . The water minimizes the movement of the bag -LRB- moves like a heavier bag -RRB- . The problen was I had only used the bag 3 times a week for 4 months before it sprang a leak all over my floor . Im not even a heavy guy I walk around at 150 lbs . It would be a good bag if it would of lasted .
 Disappointing in overall quality . The watch looks ok , but is basically an overpriced cheap watch .
 Yes , that 7-ft Mako net , formerly called the `` Sucker '' certainly is for suckers .18 braille lines on a 7 ft net -LRB- not to mention there are actually 20 holes on the top ring , so this net was not even strung correctly -RRB- . Yeah , THIS SUCKER DOES NOT EVEN CLOSE.Braille lines are the heavy-weight mono filiment lines which run from the ring at the top and are tied down onto the rope along the bottom where the weights are . Not enough braille lines , the net will does not hold to the bottom , and as you pull it in , water -LRB- and fish -RRB- flow out through gaps between the lines.On top of that , when you pull this net up out of the water , there 's at least a 12 '' gap where the net does not actually close . It 's like dunking your hand to pick something up , but not closing your fingers.I fish in the exact same spot just about every day -LRB- off my dock -RRB- since 2004 . Got one of these for my b-day a couple of days ago , and caught more fish in my old one , which has a 3-ft rip in the netting along the weight line . LOLDo n't buy one of these Makos unless you just throw a net for general exercise .
 I train at a `` top '' MMA camp.This thing help up well for tech/20 % sparring sessions.However , once I started prepping for a real fight this thing turned into a serious liability . What happened ? 2 minutes into my first session , I get clipped with a 6 , 3 and find myself BLINDED by this headgear ! After getting pounded on for a bit , my trainers stop things to readjust . Back into the cage and AGAIN , instant blindfold.I finished the session without any headgear at all . After things , my sparring partner looked at the gear and pointed to an identical set sitting in the corner , telling me the SAME thing happened to him 2 weeks prior.Our trainers took a look and pointed out the worthless chin-padding that replaces a proper chin-strap . So yeah -- you 've been warned -- stay away from this .
 This head gear was probably the worst head gear I have ever used . You would think it 's such a basic thing seeing as they are all the same . This head gear literally flew off my head every time I got hit , when I finally got just right it would still spin around my head with every punch . I wish I would have kept the packageing so I could have returned it .
 If you are looking for a good sturdy rollerskate , x out now . I broke my foot with this thing . Do n't trust it .
 I bought 4 light up frisbees and made one myself , looking for that perfect one for fun summer nights . This one works fine , but the lights are blinding and seizure-inducing and none of us ever want to use it since I have better ones . It has an odd size and the lip is not as easy to throw as a normal friz . It 's a little heavier or ill-balanced than desireable.Do yourself a favor and get the Nite Ize Flashflight L.E.D Light Up Flying Disc . Green is a good choice .
 Only used on maybe 5-6 frisbee games . Used it lighted for 2 of these games.LED stopped working , figured it was a battery problem , but swapping the battery does n't solve the problem . Seems to be a problem with the electrical contacts or the switch.Can ' t locate a warranty.If anyone has a fix , please share !
 It is quite promising , but it ran a fatal flaw upon delivery . Man , I was excited about it too , but alas , it would n't turn on . The plastic housing where the LEDs and the batteries are stored would n't screw down tight enough to complete the circuit for the light . It would flux on and off with some slight bending , but otherwise wo n't stay lit in the ` on ' position.Christian
 This is the second time I 've had to buy this frisbee and it refused to light up before I used it even once . Very disappointing !
 This thing is MUCH TOO BRIGHT or rather the light is not controlled properly.The problem with this one is that the LEDs are super bright and they are n't diffused in any way . So when you throw it , it is like looking into the sun - especially if the disc is thrown high you will see the 2 LEDs in all their brillant glory from the bottom.You get momentarily blinded . The nighteze model has channels that route the light so that the disc has a gentle strong glow instead of looking like someone threw 2 flashlights at your face.Also , it is a very heavy disc , good for windy conditions like a beach , but not so great for younger kids . It hurts my sons hands to catch this thing - and honestly it provides quite a pounding to mine also.We have to be careful with this thing because the combination of bright LEDs , poor light routing , and the heaviness actually create a hazard . If you throw it pretty hard and the person is blinded by the light I would say that this could easily break a nose or knock out a couple of teeth.But ... just do n't go whizzing at someone 's head at a close distance and you should be alright . I take great care though when throwing this with my kids . I suggest the nighteze light up disc -LRB- we have both the aerobie and the nighteze -RRB- . The disc is clear and the light just blazes through in every direction . So ... I have applied some paint to the discs and LEDs to tone things done and that helped a lot.This product could be so much better .
 i was really really hoping that this would work . however , i would be sitting outside with my hand on the thing and a mosiquito would come right up and land on the back of my hand and bite me .
 `` This product is toxic to fish , shrimp and aquatic invertebrates . '' And , I was hoping to use it while fishing and boating . So , it 's of no use to me.Also , this is not a `` repellent '' . It is a broad-spectrum insecticide . I 'm fine with killing mosquitoes and other nuisance insects , but killing off every insect in the area is not good . Products with Allethrin and other pyrethroids should probably be limited to indoor use . They definitely should never be used near marine environments .
 I bought this product because there were positive reviews on this site , however this product is the lowest grade leaf rake I have ever seen . The product was damaged with a ripped net , obviously during packaging because the shipping box was perfectly fine . Evidently the shipping folks did n't inspect the product very closely prior to shipping it out .
 Yes , that 7-ft Mako net , formerly called the `` Sucker '' certainly is for suckers .18 braille lines on a 7 ft net -LRB- not to mention there are actually 20 holes on the top ring , so this net was not even strung correctly -RRB- . Yeah , THIS SUCKER DOES NOT EVEN CLOSE.Braille lines are the heavy-weight mono filiment lines which run from the ring at the top and are tied down onto the rope along the bottom where the weights are . Not enough braille lines , the net will does not hold to the bottom , and as you pull it in , water -LRB- and fish -RRB- flow out through gaps between the lines.On top of that , when you pull this net up out of the water , there 's at least a 12 '' gap where the net does not actually close . It 's like dunking your hand to pick something up , but not closing your fingers.I fish in the exact same spot just about every day -LRB- off my dock -RRB- since 2004 . Got one of these for my b-day a couple of days ago , and caught more fish in my old one , which has a 3-ft rip in the netting along the weight line . LOLDo n't buy one of these Makos unless you just throw a net for general exercise .
 Please see my review of the ThermaCELL MR-1C on why I decided not to use this product after I did some research on the synthetic chemical they use ... and , why I now use simple household , white distilled vinegar instead ! Works 100 % effective so far !
 I really like the shape and that it 's not glass . BUT SALT AIR MAKES THE SURFACE PIT i wax once a month . I buy one every year for the last 5 years . -LSB- i 'm a glutton for punishment -RSB- about 6 years ago i bought one for a friend of mine ' and with no pitting at all , and very little maintance it still looks brand new.this tells me that the older mirrors had thicker plateing . go back to heavier plateing i 'll pay the extra money . zirmack and salt do n't mix RON
 No matter what I do , no matter what I try and jury rig , no matter WHAT . . this thing pops off the windshield frame . Something about the angle of everything lining up is just not right . Avoid .
 I ordered this knife with a black blade , partially serrated ... simple right?What shows up ? Stainless blade , fine edge , spring assist is terrible -LRB- wo n't open all the way -RRB- . Here 's the kicker , I contacted Bazingaroo -LRB- seller -RRB- and they stated that it was out of stock ... which would 've been fine if the listing did n't say that there were six left in stock from that seller ... REALLY ? I doubt its SOG 's fault about the spring , probably left closed for too long without any action but come on ... this is a guaranteed product by the manufacturer . I got ta say , the body of the knife is way too small and I do n't have huge hands . I bought a Gerber Mini Fast draw 2 '' to match the 3 '' version I already have and it has n't let me down once.Shout out for Amazon though , the refund showed up in no time and they even refunded the shipping cost ... not bad
 Not what I expected . The knife is nit like it 's bigger brother the SOG flash II . Not worth the money , I would get the Flash II or a Cold Steel knife . The seller was very good and delivery was on time . No issues there
 I purchased this cooler to augment my already well used Igloo five-day cooler -LRB- which I love . -RRB- We took them both camping and I was shocked to find that I had to keep restocking this cooler with ice every two days . The lid is designed to be pushed down , but has no tight lid-locking mechanism like the Igloo does , so I 'm guessing that 's the major difference . Although we took great pains to make sure that we tapped the lid down all the way around everytime we removed something from the cooler , it just did not work as advertised . I am very disappointed in this product . If it were n't for the fact that I would have to pay back the `` prime '' shipping if I returned it to Amazon , along with the return shipping and restocking fees , I would send it back immediately . I did email Coleman about this product , but have yet to receive any reply from them . My advice ? Buy the Igloo and save money in the long run .
 I ordered this item and it is an 11 gram canister vs 2 oz . The company refunded my money since I already own a keychain size canister . They need to take this off the site .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Yes , that 7-ft Mako net , formerly called the `` Sucker '' certainly is for suckers .18 braille lines on a 7 ft net -LRB- not to mention there are actually 20 holes on the top ring , so this net was not even strung correctly -RRB- . Yeah , THIS SUCKER DOES NOT EVEN CLOSE.Braille lines are the heavy-weight mono filiment lines which run from the ring at the top and are tied down onto the rope along the bottom where the weights are . Not enough braille lines , the net will does not hold to the bottom , and as you pull it in , water -LRB- and fish -RRB- flow out through gaps between the lines.On top of that , when you pull this net up out of the water , there 's at least a 12 '' gap where the net does not actually close . It 's like dunking your hand to pick something up , but not closing your fingers.I fish in the exact same spot just about every day -LRB- off my dock -RRB- since 2004 . Got one of these for my b-day a couple of days ago , and caught more fish in my old one , which has a 3-ft rip in the netting along the weight line . LOLDo n't buy one of these Makos unless you just throw a net for general exercise .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 This knife is nice and lightweight and seems like it is of reasonably good quality . I have n't used it much yet . I did , however , discover that the open handle design is quite flawed . It allows your finger tip to come in contact with the blade on the closed position and I have already taken a small piece of flesh off my finger reaching into my pocket . Also , when folding the knife , it is very possible to have a piece -LRB- or if your finger is quite small , such as a young user , a section of your finger -RRB- through the holes in the handle which could cause a very serious wound . If your finger were through the frame and the knife was closed with any force it would act like a pruner and lop off whatever was in the blade 's path . I would not recomend this knife.The knife I purchased also came with a small utility tool with scissors , scredrivers , etc. and is small , not easy to operate and practically useless .
 Yes , that 7-ft Mako net , formerly called the `` Sucker '' certainly is for suckers .18 braille lines on a 7 ft net -LRB- not to mention there are actually 20 holes on the top ring , so this net was not even strung correctly -RRB- . Yeah , THIS SUCKER DOES NOT EVEN CLOSE.Braille lines are the heavy-weight mono filiment lines which run from the ring at the top and are tied down onto the rope along the bottom where the weights are . Not enough braille lines , the net will does not hold to the bottom , and as you pull it in , water -LRB- and fish -RRB- flow out through gaps between the lines.On top of that , when you pull this net up out of the water , there 's at least a 12 '' gap where the net does not actually close . It 's like dunking your hand to pick something up , but not closing your fingers.I fish in the exact same spot just about every day -LRB- off my dock -RRB- since 2004 . Got one of these for my b-day a couple of days ago , and caught more fish in my old one , which has a 3-ft rip in the netting along the weight line . LOLDo n't buy one of these Makos unless you just throw a net for general exercise .
 This pedal absolutely kills the tone of the instrument . If you do n't have the threshold turned to max it wo n't kill the hum but if it 's turned to max it kills the tone . I returned it and got the ehx hum debugger instead and it does n't kill the tone . This pedal was a huge let down . I expect more from rocktron because most of their stuff is of quality build but it 's like they quit halfway through with this pedal . I recommend the EHX or the ISP if you want to kill the hum .
 This pedal definitely eliminated the feedback from my single coil pickups but it destroyed the tone of my guitar ... I got to where I only used it when music got soft or I was n't playing for a second . You 're better off just installing noiseless pickups on your guitar if you feel as though you need one of these
 I tried this pedal for a day and sent it back . It was no more effective than a regular noise gate . I have the rack mount version now which is much more flexible and effective at controlling noise .
 Yes , that 7-ft Mako net , formerly called the `` Sucker '' certainly is for suckers .18 braille lines on a 7 ft net -LRB- not to mention there are actually 20 holes on the top ring , so this net was not even strung correctly -RRB- . Yeah , THIS SUCKER DOES NOT EVEN CLOSE.Braille lines are the heavy-weight mono filiment lines which run from the ring at the top and are tied down onto the rope along the bottom where the weights are . Not enough braille lines , the net will does not hold to the bottom , and as you pull it in , water -LRB- and fish -RRB- flow out through gaps between the lines.On top of that , when you pull this net up out of the water , there 's at least a 12 '' gap where the net does not actually close . It 's like dunking your hand to pick something up , but not closing your fingers.I fish in the exact same spot just about every day -LRB- off my dock -RRB- since 2004 . Got one of these for my b-day a couple of days ago , and caught more fish in my old one , which has a 3-ft rip in the netting along the weight line . LOLDo n't buy one of these Makos unless you just throw a net for general exercise .
 Some reviewers have suggested using malathion inside your home for bedbugs . Do n't do it . Malathion is wickedly toxic stuff and if you do n't know exactly what you 're doing , you can seriously hurt yourself by spraying it around inside your house . Propoxur is far less toxic than malathion is and it 's even more effective on bedbugs -LRB- Malathion has little residual effect and bedbugs have already begun to acquire some resistance to it ; this is not true of propoxur . -RRB- If you have a stubborn bedbug infestation , you 'd be much better off using propoxur . Check out my review ofINVADER HPX AEROSOLto learn more .
 I 'm disappointed.Just received this and a Spyderco Tenacious today ... the latter being GREAT ... also expecting a United Cutlery Hibben III Survival Knife any moment ... VERY excited about that one , but anyway ... here 's why I 'm disappointed by the Twitch II ... I took her out and pushed the kick ... it did n't go all the way up into locking position . I tried it a few more times , to no avail , and came to the conclusion the pivot screw was too tight . Well ... before I stuck my allen wrench in , I checked the blade for play ... and would n't you know , it was NOTICEABLY LOOSE IN EVERY DIRECTION . This pissed me off because I knew it was already pretty tight ... the only way I could get the play out was to tighten it to the point where the knife was basically unable to open normally ... Knowing I was already out of luck with this one , I still tried to fix it on my own ... tightened it up , a couple of drops of oil , worked the blade back and forth , et cetera ... I 've now got it where it flicks open like it 's supposed to , but the blade remains loose -LRB- in both open and closed positions -RRB- , and that 's totally unacceptable to me ... so it looks like I 'll be sending this one back to SOG , or more likely returning it to Amazon to get my money back ... It 's a good looking , little knife ... it was sharp enough out the box , and the lock back and safety were fine ... but even if it locked as solidly as The Tenacious , this particular knife does n't really appeal to me like I thought it would ... Regards , SKULLSPLITTER - The CEO
 When I opened the box that this knife came him , I was pleasantly surprised at its size . This knife is quite small and light , making it a good knife for everyday carry . If you remove the clip and place the knife in your pocket you will forget it is even there . -LRB- It comes with a clip , which is also fine if you would rather clip the knife inside of your pocket . -RRB- The knife opens easily and quickly.However , I was not at all happy with the knife . The blade had far too much side to side movement -LRB- or `` play '' , if you prefer -RRB- . In fact , the blade wiggled side to side so much that I took a video of it , uploaded it to a popular video sharing site , and sent an email to SOG asking them if this was normal . In my email I included the url of the video.Several days later SOG emailed me back stating that they could not watch the video -LRB- because they are not allowed to access the popular video sharing site to which I uploaded it -RRB- and that if the blade had too much side to side movement I should return it to Amazon . They did not ask me to send it in for repair , exchange , or offer any other course of action rather than returning it to Amazon.In my opinion , this is terrible customer service from SOG . I returned the knife -LRB- thanks Amazon , for having such great customer service -RRB- and will not buy any SOG products in the future .
 This knife intrigued me when I started looking for a spring-assisted EDC blade to replace my Kershaw Leek -LRB- Kershaw Ken Onion Leek Folding Knife with Speed Safe -RRB- . I had never owned a SOG before and thought this would be the best time to try one out . Being at the same price point as the Leek -LRB- just above $ 40 -RRB- , I thought this would come close to the same quality and life as my Leek , but I was dead wrong...-BladeThe full flat ground -LRB- FFL -RRB- blade was what first intrigued me and brought me to this knife . I have always enjoyed having a FFL blade and was ready to have one again . The grind was perfect , as I expected it to be , and the knife came razor sharp in the package . There appears to be a slight recurve in the blade in leu of a serrated section , and that was something that also excited me about this knife.Lockup was where this area fell on its face . There was WAY too much play -LRB- side-to-side , front-to-back , and up and down -RRB- with this blade . I have owned hundreds of knives over the years and know there is a `` sweet spot '' you have to find where the blade is n't too tight to deploy properly , but is tight enough to get rid of most , if not all , of the blade play . This is not the case with this knife . After playing around with it for several hours , I came to the conclusion that the blade is either too tight to deploy at all -LRB- not just correctly , but AT ALL -RRB- or there is too much play in ALL directions for this blade.The thumb studs on this knife are actually surprisingly useful , unlike most of the knives on the market today . Most knives either have studs that are too small -LRB- or too close to the frame -RRB- to use to deploy the blade or they 're too big to put into your pocket without risking an accidental deployment . SOG has found an excellent medium where the thumb studs are big enough to actually be functional , yet small enough to not take away from the slimness of the knife.Deployment is sketchy . As stated before , there is either too much blade play or the deployment does n't work at all . There is no in between for my knife.I have not had the knife for long enough to talk about corrosion resistance for AUS-8 , and probably will not keep it long enough to find out . I have heard that it does n't keep an edge very long , but it is easy enough to sharpen . All of this is hear-say since , once again , I have not put it to the test myself.-HandleThis version comes with an annodized 6061-T6 aluminum handle , but there are some with plastic scales -LRB- which I hear has even worse blade play -RRB- . It has a nice satin finish and texture , which seems a little slick in my opinion . I ca n't get a great purchase on the knife , but the grip I CAN get is adequate for most EDC uses . The finish seems tough and durable , but time will tell in that aspect.The spine lock was something that I had to get used to again . In a market full of liner/frame locking knives , it felt alien to use a spine locking knife once again , but it was something that I was able to easily get past with a little practice . I was even able to teach myself to safely close the knife one handed within just a few minutes.The safety on the spine release seems affective , yet flawed . It can be used to stop an accidental deployment as well as stopping accidentally closing the knife when unintended , but it seems difficult to get to unless you use a fingernail . It also works in a direction that , if you 're putting anything into your pockets -LRB- or do n't use a clip -RRB- , it can be activated/deactivated accidentally.-Pocket clipThis area was the most disappointing . I have seen and heard of knives where the pocket clip can not be moved , only removed ... and now I own one . You can only carry this knife in a tip-up right-side position . Your only other option is to remove the clip completely . For the price I payed for this knife , I could have gotten any number of knives that offer at least two clip positions , and a lot of the time they offer all four positions . I just like having the option ... especially for the money.Other than that , it works like any other pocket clip should
 I own several SOG knives . I like them all except this model . It is heavy , bad ergos , and is unsafe.Using the the index finger to open the blade is weird and takes too long to reposition the knife in your hand when the blade opens . The mechanism to close the blade works sometimes and does n't work . My average is 3.5 attempts to close the blade . Oh , and be careful you do n't cut your finger when closing the blade .
 The mechanisms of this knife are functional . It feels appropriate in my hand , if maybe an inch too short . Now that I 've said something positive ... This is literally the dullest knife I have ever used in my life . I would have no qualms giving this thing to a toddler to play with . I tried it repeatedly on my arm with what would appear as an intent to sever it . The butter knives in my kitchen are sharper than this . The simple solution to this problem would be sharpening the blade , but I do n't think it 's worth ruining the chance to return it . I am assuming from the positive reviews here that I received a defective product , but I am unlikely to replace it due to the poor quality control .
 I boughr this knife about a year ago and the factory edge was great but it dulls very fast and is hard to sharpen and loses its edge very quickly . I would not buy annother one .
 I bought this knife in my search for a new EDC . I was intrigued by the minimalist and attractive design and excited by the prospect of a nice auto-assist . My first impression when opening the box was , ` that 's it ?! ' I continued with my inspection of the knife , hoping that the spring-assisted open function would restore my excitement . First attempt pressing the ` kicker ' it only partially opened . Needless to say , not impressed . With repeated openings it seemed to ease into a better if uninspiring operation . Its just so SLOW.Second of all its ridiculously small . At 5 ' 8 , I am in no means a big guy , but the handle of this spans only 3/4 -LRB- about three fingers -RRB- of my palm . My lady friend was there when I got the knife , she 's a petite 5 ' 1 '' and when she opened it , she complained that it was too small.Not sure what you 're looking for , but this certainly was n't what I was looking for . SOG 's product description was `` Ergonomic , Lightweight Design Ensures Comfortable Use . Even if your blade is sharp , it 's hard to make precise cuts if your knife does n't fit comfortably in your hand . That 's why this knife 's handle is ergonomically contoured . '' I do n't agree with that at all . If you have smaller hands like I do and find it uncomfortably small , I ca n't even imagine what a larger guy would think . I 'm not sure what ` ergonomic contour ' this 31/2 inch handle has , but it does n't feel special in the slightest.SOG makes some really excellent fixed blade knives . This is my first venture into their folding knives arena . I might be tempted to try another , but this is just on the edge of what I consider to be pricey for an everyday work knife . I have no real use for this one .
 This knife is fun to flip but does not keep and edge , I have already switched back to my Benchmade EDC .
 First , this is not a wrist weight . I purcahsed the 20lb wrap and it says that it is a wrist weight . I believe this is , if not false advertising , then pushing the envelope . There is no difference in the design from a normal ankle weight , you just tie it around your wrist . You would think if it could accomodate the wrist , they would design it so you could pass your wrist through the middle for better support . At 20 lbs , you ca n't have this slipping all over the place on your arm which it does . So , as a wrist weight it gets 0-1 stars . As an ankle weight , it is what it is and gets the job done . I 'd give it a 3 if they sold it as only an ankle weight and did n't try to make it more than it is , but 2 stars for misleading marketing .
 I purchased two different pairs of these
 This is purely a case where a vendor figured they sell one item as another by simply calling it something else . I 'm a big guy -LRB- 6 ' 2 '' , 200 lbs -RRB- and I could n't begin to wear these as wrist weights . They slide/flop/spin / etc. all over the place . They ARE great ankle weights , securely fastening and staying in place . I wear them on training runs with a weight vest . Originally I had bought them to wear as wrist weights while running as 10lb . per arm wrist weights are pretty much impossible to find . Without a thumb hole -LRB- which would allow you to stabilize the thing -RRB- , they just do n't work . So , as an ankle weight 4 stars . As a wrist weight ? Hardly . This vendor needs to check their marketing practices .
 this product is built tough for sure ... . but do not take it on long hiking trips because it is heavy and bulky . Other than that the tool is great
 If you have large hairy hands that drag on the ground and you watch a lot of football then this is probably for you . Otherwise it 's just too damned large and heavy for practical use .
 I 'm very unhappy with the Surge that Leatherman sent to replace another replaced Leatherman multi tool . My original Leatherman was compact , awesome , required zero maintenance other than sharpening the knife and lasted more than 10 years of almost daily use . The nut driver/multi-bit adapter for it was incredible . When it finally required some adjustment and I sent it back - they annoyed the hell out of me by replacing it -LRB- upgraded it according to Leatherman -RRB- with something unremarkable that lasted a few months . That one was repaired twice . That is how I ended up with a Surge that has major problems . The weight that others complain about is a non issue for me but it is a chunk . The fit is horrible . Pliers get caught and jammed when you fold them up . The saw blade is inferior to prior models and bends and breaks easily . The tiny tab/latch on the screwdriver holder often fails and you lose the bit . All in all possibly the worst Leatherman product I 've used . Recently I went to use my original Leatherman 's bit adapter to find it did n't work . I had to send back the original to get the version that fit the Surge . Does n't work nearly as well as the original . If you want a reliable tool that you can use daily - this is n't it . I hope I 'm wrong but I think this company is headed in the wrong direction as far as quality . I 'm tired of sending mine back and having to pay for the shipping . This will be the 5th time in 3 years if memory serves me correctly . It is time to start looking at other multi tools .
 This tool is heavy duty and is designed well , but the sharp edges on the handle could cut your hand . I have several victorinox products , and their fit and finish is much better . The Surge I got also had loose sissors just like another reviewer . For a tool that lists for $ 93 , this is unbelievable .
 This item was purchased as a gift to my dear uncle who lives outside US . I took it to him this summer . He was very excited about this instrument at first . Unfortunately , one part would not open as it was supposed to . Luckily , my uncle is quite a handyman and has a collection of fine instruments at home . He was able to get it fixed ! Or he is saying he fixed it so that I do n't get upset -LRB- I hope not ! -RRB- . This is a major disappointment . As you see , returning or replacing the item was n't really an option . Was it just really bad luck ? I expected good and reliable quality from Leatherman .
 I ordered this because Leatherman was backordered on this item . When it came this was not the current model Surge . Also the sheath was the old model without the extra pocket on the back ... BEWARE !
 This product looks great but ca n't stand up to mild use . The lock release for the bottle opener and other tools broke after only two months of very light use . I am sending it back for repair under the 25 year limited warranty , but would NOT buy this product again and only hope it lasts longer than two months after warranty service return or replacement of the item .
 Made in china and not the quality I 'd expect from Leatherman . I owned a titanium charge for seven years and bought the surge to replace it . I thought any thing from Leatherman would be of the same quality but it seems not all their products are manufactured to the same standards or in the same factory . If it under $ 150 it made in china and not an original Leatherman .
 Well , that 's a good question . Nowhere on the tool or the packaging does it state where this product is made . I know Leatherman has a factory in the Portland , Oregon area , but I now suspect they only put the pieces together , and the actual parts are made somewhere else . Or maybe the factory is just for show , and most of the products are made in another country . Of course , I 'm only speculating , but why else would n't they properly label the product 's point of origin ? There 's something fishy here , and I 'm rather disgusted with this myself . I purchased a Leatherman because I want to support American-made products , but this company does n't even have enough pride to state where the product was made at all . Have things gotten so bad that it is embarrassing or politically incorrect to state ` Made in U.S.A ' on our products ? Leatherman , if there are Americans still running the company , you should be ashamed for doing this . I will never buy another Leatherman product because of it , and I hope others reading this review will follow suit . If you 're not going to label your products , we might as well be buying less expensive items that are clearly labeled ` Made in China ' .
 I placed this order for 5 of the Leatherman Surge because # 1 they showed 6 in stock as I placed the order and they had the best price . I received standard e mail notices for 2 days from Amazon and then one from Beach Camera vendor that said 2 shipped and 3 to `` ship soon '' . I sent an email asking what `` soon '' meant . I received the shipment of 2 knives in the meantime -LRB- which partial shipment was prompt -RRB- . I then received an email response that said if you ca n't wait let them know and they would cancel balance of 3 . I wrote again and asked `` wait till when '' what is date the other 3 could ship having still 22 days prior to Christmas and that was my deadline . Ralph responded saying he would let me know tomorrow . All of the time I was receiving the normal emails from Amazon saying my total order of 5 had shipped and that my credit card had been charged the full amount for 5 . It was like they did not want to admit to Amazon that their stock was not right . No more correspondence from this vendor - just an email from Amazon saying credit had been issued to my card because quantity of 3 were cancelled . As if I cancelled them ???? But now I had to pay 2 x freight as I have ordered the 3 from somewhere else . I should have ordered them all elsewhere . LOL
 i have owned and used many leatherman tools and this SURGE falls well below in craftsmanship of manufacturing . it certainly has all the bells and whistles but is just poorly put together.if i had n't completely destroyed the packaging it came in when i opened it , i would have immediately returned it
 The sheath that us said to be leather which leads you to be leather is not all leather . It 's vinyl/nylon ... go figure
 I was sorely disappointed with the quality of this item . I guess you get what you pay for but since it was the cheapest version of the same floor sword display that you see everywhere , I figured why pay more for the same item . Once I received the item I went to attach the ` stand ' part to the bottom portion and found that the male pegs were n't lined up with the female slots on the bottom portion . The drilled out holes on the bottom portion were wider apart than the pegs were positioned on the ` stand ' portion . Also the top portion which the sword actually rests in could n't be forced into the hole at the top of the ` stand ' part because the peg in the ` holder ' was bigger than the hole it was supposed to fit into . Therefore , the entire display is completely worthless . This product is made/sold by Cutlery USA through Budk Worldwide so fair warning , mine was a poor quality defective . Someone is definitely asleep in the quality control/quality assurance department .
 Every time I punch or kick the bag , the damn thing dumps over . I filled the base with sand ... it dumped over . Added water in addition to the sand for more weight ... Dumped over . Absolutely useless for anyone who knows how to punch or kick . The only way to stabilize the bag is to have someone stand behind it and hold it . The bag itself is far too light -LRB- fill with foam pool noodles ... What 's up with that ??? -RRB- . The base is too narrow . I wasted $ 250 .
 we filled it with water and when we were at just over the halfway point , it started gushing water everywhere . We had to turn it on it 's side to stop it , but not before there was water everywhere ruining my carpet . We had to roll it into the bathroom because it was too heavy to carry . It gushed water all the way there . Now I have to try and return tha damn thing which will be a complete pain , not to mention that it was my sons birthday present and he ca n't even use it . Not happy .
 One of the best of it 's genre -LRB- stand up bags -RRB- but that is n't saying much.It figures that a GIRL gave this a rave review . This bag is OK but not professional quality . I highly suggest getting the model that has numbered target decals on it to help your precision with punches and kicks . This is made of cheap plastic , poly foam and VINYL . They SAY you can fill it with water but that is totally idiotic - fill it with 300 pounds of sand instead for much better results.This bag slides around the floor alot and makes a concussive bomb noise when it drops back down on the ground - which is what happens after a MAN kicks it - it will lift up on one end and then come slamming back down on the ground - watch your feet!If you are a boy or a woman - this bag was made for you.For real fighters - this is what you buy when you ca n't hang a real 6 foot thai bananna bag from the ceiling.I have one - I use it - I like it - because it is better than nothing and in my apartment - that is the other option.I HIGHLY SUGGEST looking into baffling the bottom of this bag so it does n't slide so much and make so much $ -LRB- * @ $ -LRB- * noise after you punch or kick it.I have mine on a matress - far from perfect but real quiet . When I get more funds to throw at this project I will design a rubber baffle on the bottom to make it non skid and very quiet . They offer one of these baffles on the net but it is cheap and lame and not any good from the looks of it.The best version of this bag is the black one that has targets decaled onto the vinyl - oh yeah - if you have regular hands - you will need to buy gloves because lesser mortals would rip their knuckles open on the vinyl . And no , I do n't use gloves and have no problem unless I aim poorly which is rare - and slide of the side of it - then it 's a nice rug burn on your hand.When you first get this you will realize for the price to make the parts that you receive - you were totally ripped off ! But for the functionality of the parts - it 's allright .
 I purchased the version with the different targeting areas . The concept is okay , but the product is simply too flimsy . The ` bag ' has a molded plastic extension that sets down in to the base , and screws in to what is essentially a giant nut that sits under the base . VERY easy to assemble . When I first got it , I filled the base with water . The water was n't heavy enough , and every time I kicked the bag at full power , the base would go scooting across the floor . Then I tried filling it with sand . The sand was heavier , which help the bag stay put . But then after 4 months of use -LRB- 3-4 times a week -RRB- , the plastic extension broke . Once it was broke and I was able to see how thin the plastic was , I was very disappointed.This product would probably be okay for beginners who have not yet developed any power to their kicks and punches , but it is simply not rugged enough for an advanced student .
 I could write a very detailed review , but there 's plenty of those here . What I do want to touch on however , is the durability of the base -LRB- which holds the water -RRB- . I 've owned a wavemaster , and after a long hard summer of daily annihilation to it , the base finally started leaking water around the pressure area -LRB- the area that bends when you punch/kick it -RRB- . It effectively rendered it quite useless since it 's not something I could just `` patch up '' being in the area that is constantly bending and shifting when I hit the bag.This is why they only give a 1 year limited warranty . I had mine longer than that , so I knew my chances of getting any kind of assistance or replacement were just about zero . It 's a bit sad though considering how much this costs . I 'd buy another one if I felt I 'd get more than a year out of it , but I 'm not that confident.For someone that will only use this occasionally and / or hits very light , maybe it wo n't break as quickly .
 I purchased six of these for a boxing class . We only use the bags about one hour a week . Within the first year , three of the six bags broke . The bags `` screw '' into the base . The plastic part of the bag that screws in will snap and make the bag useless . The plastic used is simply not durable enough to hold up to strong punches . Being a procrastinator , I waited until after the warranty had expired to contact Century . They told me they were aware of the problem and could sell me a replacement part for $ 250 and $ 15 shipping . I purchased the bags for $ 249 each , so I did n't find this helpful at all . If the bags were more durable , I would purchase more , but until they fix the problem , I would not purchase another Wasemaster XXL .
 My local gym replaced their hanging bag with this POS and boy am I steamed . It 's completely useless ! Wobbles and moves around with strong kicks , plus the base screws up your footwork , and worst of all , the lack of the natural swinging movement of a hanging bag means that you lose the essential maximum-impact feel of punching against the bag when moving towards you , as well as the eye-hand coordination development of hitting a target that 's moving away from you.Even the gym manager admitted that he 's had tons of complaints , so I know I 'm not the only one . He said that his lawyer had recommended getting one of these because it 's a lot harder to hurt yourself on it than with a hanging bag -LRB- people punching with a bent wrist , or hitting with the wrong part of the foot on a roundhouse kick -RRB- , so the choice was mainly due to liability reasons . Unfortunately , in our highly litigious society these crap bags will probably continue to proliferate just for that reason , at least in gyms ... I can SORT OF understand it from a strictly business standpoint . But could n't possibly imagine spending my hard earned dough on such a piece of junk like this in my own home ... esp . not when there are plenty of good freestanding heavy bag stands out there that cost less even with the price of the bag and some stabilizing weight plates thrown in !
 Well , the item is nice ... But is it what i was supposed to get?First of all , the writing and such on the bag itself is not the same as the image shown with the WaveMaster written vertically on it ... I got the one with the circular looking logo ... Both say WaveMaster XXL but I do n't know if there really is a difference so I have n't created an issue out of it . Yet.Secondly , the packaging was crappy ... Granted it 's huge and the bag part probably would n't need padding , the packaging leaves a lot to be desired . Suppose the base was punctured or something ? There was no padding in that box either . See the link for the bag i actually got at CENTURY INC 20028463 Wavemaster XXL Black
 They sent me this charm on a post card at teh cost of .80 and charged 6.895 , when their add stated .90 ... rip off chrm is just ok
 I heard about physique 57th living in NYC . I have been taking classes at bar method so I may be a bit bias for their classes as I absolutely love them . Looking for a chepaer way to work out I ordered the physique 57 4 disc set . I see that the methods are similar , however Tanya Becker makes it a bit more cardio which is nice , but she does n't discuss form or how important tucking is like the bar method emphasizes . It is too fast pace , leaving form out , which I have learned is essential to make convert your muscles in to long a lean shape . I am not fan of this set . I find Tanya annoying . If you can , take a bar method class if available . It uses the same `` Lotte Berk '' method and instruction is amazing , spot on and it nevers gets easy .
 I have to say , the workout is n't just for me . It 's a little on the boring side and I prefer something that keeps my interest .
 As of december 26 2007 I still did not receive this product that i ordered for a extra christmas gift .
 Full disclosure , I do n't own or use guns . I bought this to hold a 17 '' laptop . While it is very spacious and would have worked well for my Toshiba Satellite -LRB- or as a pistol case -RRB- , it is not aluminum nor does it look like the picture here or on the Plano website . No matter your reason for buying the case , you should know that it is mostly plastic treated to resemble metal . I have no issues with QUALITY plastic construction . I own cases from Vanguard and Pelican that are rigid , hard and very well made . This Plano product falls quite short by comparison . The corner hardware and some of the frame is aluminum but that 's it . The plastic is far too flexible . I ca n't imagine it protecting whatever you decide to place inside . Even worse , the plastic is milky white , not metallic gray . It looks fake . The angle of the photo also makes the Plano logo attachment -LRB- lower right corner -RRB- seem much smaller than it is . In fact , it 's an obnoxiously large hunk of shiny , cheap looking plastic that makes an already tacky looking case even more gaudy . This went right back to Amazon the day after it arrived . As always , they made the return effortless .
 I received the headlamp yesterday and returned it today . Once the three provided batteries were installed , the latch for the battery compartment would pop open whenever the tilt was adjusted . In my opinion , the battery compartment is designed too small . For a premium product , this was disappointing .
 First time we 've ever written a review but this product deserves a warning . It is not suitable for a marine environment . We use ours on our boat . We have returned ours for repair or replacement three times . After working for about a month the light starts to flicker . If you use it for reading it is unusable .
 I had one of these when they first came out . It was full of win . It was lite weight . It has different settings for saving batteries . The red filter works nicely . After about two years , when out camping , I found that the case that encloses the batteries had cracked and the lamp no longer functioned.I would buy another one but why should I ? I had the last one almost ten years ago and they have n't changed since then . LED technology is everywhere now . Why pay $ 45 for one of these now when you can find many others for less than $ 20 . Petzl should price these more competitively . If it costs them a lot to make these after all of this time they are doing something wrong .
 I received this light one day and the next day it was gone . Why ? Because its really an expensive and weak light for your money.I felt cheated since I got a cheap 20 dollar headlamp -LRB- ~ 50 lumens -RRB- at a local mega store and it outshined this overpriced piece of junk . The light appeared a blueish tint , and very weak , it was hard to make out anything past 50 ft even on the max setting . so 35 lumens for 43 bucks ... yea outrageously overpriced . I dont see how this can maintain a 41/2 starsAfter i returned this i found another headlamp for about 20 dollars more than the petzl and it made a WORLD OF DIFFERENCE !! . My friend had lent me his headlamp which he uses for fishing and it is extraordinarily bright . So i looked for his headlamp on the net and stumbled upon the fenix hp10 -LRB- 225 lumens ! -RRB- . Lets just say , on the 2nd brightness -LRB- out of 4 illumination modes -RRB- setting of the hp10 , it outshined the petzl which was set on the max setting ! The search was over for a decent headlamp , go for this one , u wont regret it !
 While this is a fine product , excellent military use in field conditions , it can not be shipped to an APO in Afghanistan . I 'm not quite sure about the logic in not being able to ship to an APO for a serviceman or someone else serving in a warzone . It 's a United States zip code , the military will deliver it from there . It 's not a sensitive item in any way shape or form and it 's a sure bet that those receiving it will not be putting it into the hands of those seeking to do harm with it.Jeez amazon , get a grip and do a reality check here .
 I fish the unforgiving rock piles of NJ , pretty much getting wet most of the time with waves crashing over the rocks and getting salt spray in my face . This thing claims to be water resistant , but it is not . After using it one time , the battery terminals corroded and the light is not working properly . If you are planning on being dry the whole time , than its a great lamp . Very light weight , the red lens is perfect for keeping your night vision , its just not good for surf fishing .
 Pros :1 . It is bright . It puts out quite a bit of light .2 . It 's lightweight .3 . Three name brand batteries are included .4 . The light comes with a three year warranty.Cons :1 . Light bleeds out through the edges of the red filter quite badly .2 . Feels very cheap . Definitely does n't feel like a $ 37 light , let alone the higher priced $ 45 color .3 . Red lens ? Nope . It might look red at first , but you 're getting pure orange light . I compared it against another red tactical light I have and it 's not red at all .4 . It claims to be water resistant , but there are no soft-touch sealing materials or rubber edges that would possibly keep water out of the battery chamber.Overall , I am very disappointed with this light . Yes , it 's brighter than the $ 10 headlamp at your hardware store , and the red flip up lens is convenient , but it does not put out red light . I purchased this to use in some upcoming night land navigation courses I 'm going through as part of my military training . This will not work at all . It bleeds out enough white light on the edges to disqualify me with that alone , but the fact that the light does n't even look remotely red , rather orange , will make me stand out like a sore thumb on the course . This light will not work in the least for the course I need it on . I have used several different brands of headlamps now , and the feel and look of this lamp is much more akin to the $ 10 cheapos than the more expensive `` tactical lights '' that are in this price range . I would steer completely clear of this model , especially if you actually need quality RED light in tactical , camping , or training situations.I would NOT recommend this lamp to anyone , honestly . Better alternatives are to be had for what you pay . It gets two starts because it is bright and comes with quality Duracell batteries.Update
 I 'm quite disappointed in this light . It worked for a little while but now the on-off switch is defective making it difficult to turn on the light and keep it on . I purchased a Streamlight 61052 Septor LED and love it . I also gave it as a Christmas present to my nephews and brother-in-law .
 Just received my Petzl tacticca plus headlamp.What a poorly designed hunk of junk ! It works but but is just badly made.First , the opening to the casing is at the top , so every time you adjust the angle of the light , it pops open spilling out the batteries , because they did ` nt provide enough material to make the door stay closed.Also at the bottom the case is too small , so there is a gap of about a 1/4 '' . In lieu of hinges , there are 2 fabric straps which keep the case from falling apart , but which when you open the case at all , they push the batteries out.I will need to tape it closed , just to be able to use it ! At 40 + dollars , this is a huge rip off!You can get a mini mag flashlight made of aircraft aluminum for much less!Just stealing peoples hard earned money.Will never buy another product from them , that 's for sure.There must be better ones .
 I ordered two of the headlamps , one works fine , the other would not stay closed . I finally figured out that the battery was not seating correctly and kept the cover from closing shut.Sent it back , not interested in trying it again . It is now 9/12 and I have the same problem with the second lamp , the batteries will not stay in place and the lamp goes out . I have no way of contacting the seller , so this is my only way to say , do n't buy it !!!
 This thing costs twice as much as the Energizer 7 LED headlamp which has 45 lumens , this one only has 35 lumens , you do the math . The energizer one is slightly more bulky -LRB- maybe 20 % bigger -RRB- , but that 's a small inconvenience for a much better deal .
 this headlamp showed up broken . when i would turn the light on it would flicker and go from bright to dim . i would have to move it up and down to get it to go bright again but it would soon dim . i am very disappointed in petzl .
 Case cracked on it after perhaps 10 backpack trips.Still using it , applied some duct tape.My previous Petzl case also cracked . Wo n't be buying another .
 Petzl used to be synonymous with Quality ... . however I am finding my expensive purchase is not even as good a quality as some of the $ 20 cheapo headlamps at walmart . Petzl needs to address this or just lose business altogether . I purchased a couple of these headlamps for bug out bags for family members and I am not sure they will survive the long haul after looking them over . They work , but not what I expected from Petzl .
 I am not hard on my things , but the latches on the original cooler -LRB- and also the replacement latches -RRB- both lasted only about a month of full time use . Maybe because of the desert heat ? Whatever , I think that the life span should be measured in years , not in months or even weeks . My previous cooler was still working fine after many years when I got a bigger one . I think they switched to cheaper parts.If you do buy this cooler and your latches also break consider replacing with metal latches . I know Igloo sells them though you may need to go to the Igloo site to find them . That 's going to be my next attempt . I 've got about as much invested now in latches as I did in the original cooler .
 I bought this cooler 1 year ago . The first time I used it , one of thelatched cracked and broke . I should have called Igloo right away , but I put it off -LRB- my fault -RRB- . We used it again for a Halloween party without incident . The third time we used it for a Memorial Day party , the other latch broke . I checked with Igloo , and they want $ 3.99 each for each latch , $ 5.95 shipping , and $ 4.00 for handling to replace two clearly defective pieces of small plastic . This cooler is good at keeping things cold , but due to the low quality and horrible design of the latches and hinges , and the over the top cost to correct the issue , I am sure I will never purchase another Igloo product . Note that this cooler has never left my house , all use has been at home , so the damage was not caused by transport .
 I really like the capacity and insulation characteristic of this cooler . However , I am not crazy about the plastic parts like the hinges and latches . If it were made of metal , it would have been much better.Another issue that I have is the design of the handles . When I attempted to carry the cooler with a full load of ice , the handle broke . The four screws used to secure the handle were stripped out of the cooler . It would have been nice if the cooler was design to carry more weight considering the size of it .
 Just purchased this and already one of the zippers is broken . It 's a nice bag but useless with the mail pocket unuseable .
 I received this game just over a day ago and was disappointed to say the least . The best part was all the options that you have with a car . It is almost info overload . But ... the graphics are AWFUL ! I have a Athon 800MHZ pc with a NVIDIA GEFORCE 2 64MB card and have the graphics set to the max . They remind me of the graphics for the first NASCAR RACING game from Papyrus . You can tell where EA cuts some corners . I would suggest NASCAR RACING 4 if you want the complete package .
 Basically , this is an arcade GAME , NOT anywhere close to a simulation . If you want a physics model that simulates real racing get Papyrus N2002 , or wait for the N2003 in February . EA has obviously cut many corners to get this on the shelves before Christmas . Patches are needed to correct inaccurate physics and gameplay , and the multiplayer is a joke . Do n't waste your money .
 This game does n't even remotely compare to the `` NASCAR Racing '' series by Papyrus . Graphics and game play are poor . Wait for NASCAR Racing 2003 to be released .
 I 'm a long time NASCAR fan and a long time NASCAR sim racer . Ive been following the development of the Sierra/Papyrus group and moved up through all of their versions . With all of the hype -LRB- guess millions spent in advertising does work -RRB- I got NASCAR Thunder 2003 for Christmas . I was really looking forward to it . I loaded it up , fooled with it a couple of times , and it has not been run since . This thing is at most 20 % of the game NASCAR 2002 is . The graphics look like caricatures of cars , misshappen and strange . There 's just not very much in this game to get excited about . Save your money on this one and buy any of the Papyrus NASCAR games . They are all better than this ridiculous thing.I thought that EA would be able to do for their NASCAR game what they did for F1-2000 and F1-2002 which are pretty decent sims . I was wrong .
 Ive been racing online for quite sometime . I was extremely excited about this game . What a disapointment . The physics are poor . The graphics are average at best . Replay value is low . Multiplay is pretty much useless . The multiplayer doesnt really even work . On the few times you can connect on a multiplayer game it disconnects within 10 minutes , regardless of your connection . Do yourself a favor , wait till Feb / 2003 and buy Papy 's 2003 Nascar game . They make a product that will blow you away ! Stunning graphics , smooth gameplay , real physics , Multiplayer easy and lag free .
 Usually EA is great . However , for the serious online racer , Sierra 's Nascar 2003 season is really the best . I was not impressed .
 very disapointed with game.have a lot of trouble with it.cant ' t tune cars right.ordered nascar 2003 , hope its better .
 Well to start off with thunder 2003 is another fluke from EAits just as bad as all the rest of there nascar games.if you want a real race sim . You need to look no further than any papyrus nascar racing series . o yea for you dale fan ` she was the spokesman for papy untill ea bought him out -LRB- What a sell out -RRB-
 I 'm extremely disappointed in EA . This game is light-years inferior to the NASCAR 2003 game previously made by Papyrus.EA bought a NASCAR racing game MONOPOLY for themselves by purchasing sole marketing rights for using the NASCAR name , driver 's names , sponsor 's names , tracks , themes , etc. . Now that they 've driven their superior rivals from the scene , they feel they are leaving NASCAR fans with no choice but to buy this inferior product.They 've had years to improve this game to 2003 standards , but they think NASCAR fans are too `` intellectually unsophisticated '' to know the difference , and will have no choice but to buy their product . This is perfect example of why competition is needed.Save your money , since the Papyrus games are still available from various sources -LRB- just search -RRB- . Even if I did n't already have access to NASCAR 2003 , I still would n't waste my time playing this , since numerous other racing games -LRB- non-NASCAR -RRB- are vastly superior to EA 's in every respect .
 External fit is poor between two halves of case , also the mounting hardware for the bow and arrow holders break when installing . other wise seems to be a decent protective case .
 I bought this thinking what a great deal for back pack straps . Turns out they fell apart within 3mos of use . First the shoulder strap seam split just a little bit , by weeks end it had completely split open . Then in one day the plastic that holds the straps broke , and not just on one strap . Totally garbage .
 The cover -LRB- the thing you sleep on - not the bag -RRB- is like a rubber membrane and not a canvas or woven cloth . It does n't have any strength and wo n't take any abuse without ripping . It might be OK for a spare bed in the house , but do n't even think of taking it camping because it ca n't stand up to real wear . Even hauling it around in the car will probably damage it beyond use . I called the company to complain , they said I could get a new cover if they had one , but they do n't have them and have n't had them for a year . So do n't expect any customer support from Slumberjack . My recommendation is get a cot that advertises a cover with ripstop nylon or canvas . Do n't buy this cot if you plan on using it .
 Very difficult to get the wide bars on their pegs each time and the odor does not go away . After a year it broke . Nebo sports outfitter XXL cot is much better .
 This thing was absolutely ridiculous to put together . We managed to put the first end in just fine but we did about everything we could think of to get the other end in . -LRB- There were no instructions . -RRB- By bracing our feet on the frame and pulling the rod we managed to get the third corner in and about 30 minutes later with my mom sitting on the corner and me pulling with all my strength we got the last corner . We 're not using this for camping but for another temporary bed while my grandmother recoups . I would have returned this if we were using it outdoors because there is no way I 'm taking this thing apart again . It slept well but I would n't buy it again .
 This cot is very ruggedly constructed and so big , it is suited for only the largest tents . It has a useful carrier into which it fits easily . HOWEVER , the cross-struts at each end were impossible to connect to the frame , even with two men trying , and there were no instructions that might have helped us . We gave up after half an hour of wrestling with it and it is now looking for a new owner . Too bad , as it looks like a very solid and comfortable cot .
 When I first used this cot it seemed excellent . The frame is very sturdy and the cot was comfortable . If I had written a review at that point I would have given it 5 stars . But the second trip I took the cover burst like a balloon . Really , I could feel it give a little , and by the time I could get off it there was a 4 foot long rip . It was then I started looking closely at the material of the cover - it is some rubberized material with a few threads in it - not a real canvas . And it has zero rip-stop capability . I tried to sew it but it was like trying to sew a balloon - it just does n't work . The Slumberjack people say they will give me a new cover , but they never seem to have one in stock to send -LRB- for 4 months ? -RRB- . Only get this cot if you plan on using it once ! My previous cot lasted 8 years .
 When I first used this cot it seemed excellent . The frame is very sturdy and the cot was comfortable . If I had written a review at that point I would have given it 5 stars . But the second trip I took the cover burst like a balloon . Really , I could feel it give a little , and by the time I could get off it there was a 4 foot long rip . It was then I started looking closely at the material of the cover - it is some rubberized material with a few threads in it - not a real canvas . And it has zero rip-stop capability . I tried to sew it but it was like trying to sew a balloon - it just does n't work . The Slumberjack people say they will give me a new cover , but they never seem to have one in stock to send -LRB- for 4 months ? -RRB- . Only get this cot if you plan on using it once ! My previous cot lasted 8 years.Update Oct. 2009
 I bought this cot because it had a 325lb weight limit and me being 280lb thought it would hold my weight . The first 2 nights was great . I thought I picked a winner . By the 3rd morning I started to see the frame warp . 4th mornig more warp . 5th mornig the legs are not solid . 6th night the cot gives way the leg hidges bend and give I 'm on the ground . I 'm going home that day anyway . The Slumberjack XXL does n't hold up to it 's rating of 325lb .
 I purchased this cot for my dad 's 50th birthday . The first time he set it up the whole frame was bent and it had a big dent in one of the legs , could have been caused from shipping because the box was torn up when it arrived ? but anyways the whole cot in general was unstable and we were very unsatisfied
 I sent it back and it cost me 17.00 dollars for shipping back it was a bad product if you buy this you will not be happy with it .
 I ordered this tens days before a big trip and paid the extra shipping for delivery in three business days . You never sent it !!!! I finally cancelled the order . How can I write a review on something that you never sent ???? I am not happy at all .
 Several years ago I purchased New York Ranger t-shirts on NHL.com and returned them because the lettering was noticeably peeling off in the bag . I thought this time would be different . But it is not . I have a wide variety of t-shirts with lettering on them . Usually the lettering fades over time . But the NHL t-shirts are different . The lettering is peeling off almost right out of the bag . Two washes into owning the shirts and you can already notice gaps in the letters . This product is not worth the money .
 Ladies Low Rise Fold-Over Yoga PantI chose to buy these pants based on the good reviews and also there is a good color selection . I also thought the price was reasonable considering its not branded . When I received the 2 pants I ordered , the material was a thin t-shirt material which had spandex . I really think that these pants would not have lasted more than a couple of wearings due to the thinness of the material . Also any color of panty will show through.These pants are made of very cheap material and not worth the $ 28 they cost .
 The fabric for these are very thin , evidenced by them being shipped in an envelope that fits in my mailbox . They also run small . I wear a size 6 in jeans -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' and weigh 138 -RRB- and needed to return the medium and get a large . Due to the thin fabric , they are suitable only for me to wear at home . Unfortunately , this vendor only replaces the item for like items or issues store credit . I wo n't use this vendor again .
 The item arrived in very good condition ; however , instead of promised 3-4 business days , the item arrived after one month which was very disappointing .
 The colors are wonderful , but these covers require some assembly -LRB- to fit them to the skate size -RRB- and they do not help absorb any moisture left on the skates after use -LRB- any leftover moisture on the skates can contribute to rust formation , which permanenty damages the skate blades -RRB- . If you use a separate cloth to dry the skates , and you assemble these properly , they can be very useful protective covers .
 These guards were time consuming to prepare -LRB- you have to cut them to size -RRB- and they have fallen apart -LRB- the spring pops off now and again -RRB- and the springs are already starting to rust after just a couple of weeks of use . They work and the price is right , but I would recommend the caterpillar style over this one .
 The shipping was awesome on these . I ordered them hoping to get them just before x-mas and they actually arrived 2 days earlier than I expected . They were supposed to be for figure skates but they do not fit around the front of the skates . They stay on only because I had to cut them shorter than the size just to keep enough tension to keep them on . The skates that they are for is a molded skate so that might have something to do with it but they just dont seem to fit around the front properly .
 These consist of two pieces connected with springs . The instructions imply the pieces are long and should be cut to length . However the guards are too short for my size 12 skates leaving a 2 + inch gap where the blades are exposed .
 I bought a pair of these for both my daughter and myself . I did not expect to have to cut through the gel plastic -LRB- 4 times -RRB- to get these to fit my daughter 's skates . Also , wo n't these screws then rust if ice gets on them ? Not what I expected . I recommend finding adjustable covers elsewhere ... these are a `` make them yourself '' model .
 the guards are n't long enough for adult sized skates and after a couple weeks had holes completely through both ends from the heel and toepick of the skates
 These guards were not as I expected and were too hard to put together . They also did not fit the skates properly .
 I bought this for my new skates , I like the color and the looking but It was hard to make them fit my size ten figure skates . they were n't long enough so I had to atach them by making new holes in the extremes of the two pieces . Not very convenient but it worked
 Bought two for my boys - DO NOT FIT YOUTH SKATES - NOT UNIVERSAL !!! NO instructions !!! I guess after wasting half a day I might get it to work , but I am NOT planning on doing that.Contacted seller - WILL NOT RETURN MY SHIPPING CHARGES !!!
 I personally was not happy with the quality of this product . It was too hard to cut to fit it properly on my daughter 's skates size and we do n't need to pull it too hard to make it come apart .
 I ordered two of these guards for my daughters ' skates . They fit the size 8 women 's shoe , but not the size 6 and there did n't seem to be any way to adjust them .
 Ladies Low Rise Fold-Over Yoga PantI chose to buy these pants based on the good reviews and also there is a good color selection . I also thought the price was reasonable considering its not branded . When I received the 2 pants I ordered , the material was a thin t-shirt material which had spandex . I really think that these pants would not have lasted more than a couple of wearings due to the thinness of the material . Also any color of panty will show through.These pants are made of very cheap material and not worth the $ 28 they cost .
 The fabric for these are very thin , evidenced by them being shipped in an envelope that fits in my mailbox . They also run small . I wear a size 6 in jeans -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' and weigh 138 -RRB- and needed to return the medium and get a large . Due to the thin fabric , they are suitable only for me to wear at home . Unfortunately , this vendor only replaces the item for like items or issues store credit . I wo n't use this vendor again .
 They developed holes way too quickly.Don ' t bother.Nice red though .
 I have purchased online through Fogdog in the past ; however , the description on Amazon is incorrect . This is NOT a 3 pair pack , it is only one pair of socks for $ 13.99 plus shipping . What a rip-off . I am deeply disappointed.Pro Feet Mens Acrylic Multi-Sport Tube Sock - 3 Pair Pack
 The pumping act is difficult , the action is very hard and such a small handle to pump.I do not recommend it .
 The watch has a plastic case which contains the antenna for receiving the atomic clock signals . This part of the case is very fragile and breaks easily . The first watch lasted less than two weeks . The second watch lasted almost six months . Both broke in the same place.I loved this watch , but it 's just not durable .
 We purchased this watch in April 2006 , and the strap tore from the watch pins in October . My husband used it daily and liked the functions but it 's not much on style and not durable .
 Never figured out how to remove the links from the band . No directions on Casio 's site and the directions that I found using goggle turned out to be a different band for the same watch . I sent it back .
 I took my new eagle claw 150 mi north into the boundary waters , the rod broke on the first !! I was so bummed , I waited a long time to go up there . Poor rod and reel
 I Have the Described eagle claw combo , but if u order this one you will receive a child size , similar , generic replacement . Please see my added pictures and notes before you are disappointed . Eagle Claw makes the best Telescopic rods , just not this one . Sadly i had to return this one . this item was Not as described : -LRB-
 I bought this for my fiance and he only used it 4 times before it snapped in half . It snapped in half catching a blue gill . So its not like he was catching the greatest catch of the day . I do think that it is a junk pole .
 My brother bought this to go fishing with when I was going to take him and his son 's fishing . After about 30 min of fishing it broke in half . My 13 year old nephew was using it . He was casting , the lure caught on a railing and it snapped . Pretty pathetic if you ask me .
 The product itself is fine . I personally just purchased the square boxes to be used for verticle jumping excercises , light weight , large , durable . I was thinking the rubber feet for these boxes would be included , but they are not . They do n't even have rubber feet for these ... so the boxes slide all around unless you have them in the grass or on carpet that is secured to the ground .
 The way the products are linked together is misleading . All the sizes on the page make it very hard to tell what are the junior and what are the kids sizes . thought I was ordering one , got the other . Price and quality where great though . I would have spent more sending them back than I spent buying them . So I have 3 pair of worthless shorts now .
 I got these for my daughter as her swim yeam uniform . They are a terrible cut . They look really like old school gym shorts .
 I was looking for some gym shorts for my little girl . These said they were for children . The shorts were adult size . I was stuck with them as to ship them back would cost more that I paid for them . I threw them in the garbage .
 I ordered 4 pairs of LARGE , and the shorts are way too small -- might fit a 10 year old !
 IT WAS MY MISTAKE . I DID N'T REALIZE THAT THIS ITEM WAS &#34; JUNIOR &#34; SO OF COURSE THEY DID N'T FIT . I DID N'T HAVE A PACKING ORDER SO I COULD N'T RETURN THEM . I 'LL FIND SOME SMALL PERSON TO GIVE THEM TO .
 Is this a joke or what ? These are n't an adult X-large they are a childs medium . It wo n't pay to send them back because of the shipping so I wasted $ 7.99 on a cleaning rag .
 Our boys like Sonny but his flippers just wo n't stay on ! The rings come in 2 halves and do n't stay together at all . Sonny 's barking and movements are cute but the kids need constant help with putting the flippers back on and the rings together .
 This rack works great , except that the eyelet connectors are bigger than other racks . This covers the second set of eyelets on the frame so I ca n't put fenders on . Might work on your bike , might not . Wo n't work if your bike is a Redline Conquest Classic .
 This is the second time I fell for the `` one size fits all '' statement from these third-party bike part manufacturers . I tried to install this on my wife 's Giant mountain bike with disc brakes ... an hour later and a few modifications I got it to fit . If you are planning on using this rack WITH the Topeak basket -LRB- `` MTX Basket Rear '' TB2005 -RRB- on a women 's bike STOP NOW ! -LRB- Women 's and small frames :-RRB- The mounting holes on the frame for the rack are too low and , due to the angle of the seat post , the seat will hit the basket . Though the instructions state `` bend to accommodate proper installation '' , you will have to create a severe bend to ` accommodate ' the frame on a women 's bike or small frame . I also had to slide the rack far back on the rails in order for the Topeak basket to be able to slide all the way forward without hitting the seat.Also , once the slides are bent they tend to bend quite easily . I ended up having to marry-up another pair of slides to these in order to make them rigid after bending them . At this time is when I noticed that the rails from my D *** a rack were 50 % thicker than the Topeak ones and much harder to bend.The post/standoff that clears the disc brakes was fine . We have the standard Giant-issued disc brakes and used the factory-bored holes int he frame . No problem there . I did , however , have to use two-washers on one side to keep the bolt from hitting the sprocket -LRB- which is advised in the instructions . -RRB- Other than that , the frame is well-suited for large frames and men 's bikes with disc brakes on the rear . If you have a quick-release seat post , I recommend using it to attach your rack slides . You will find you have to bend the slides less or not at all.Other points : - Instructions are in English , French , Spanish , Italian , Japanese and Chinese . It also shows great exploded diagrams and good illustrations of an installation . - Comes with two rear tail light mounts for the optional `` RedLite '' -LRB- TMS004 -RRB- and `` RedLite UFO '' -LRB- TMS017 -RRB- . The Tail Light mount has mounting holes 80mm apart . - Made in Taiwan , if that matters to you . - 6061 T6 Aluminum tubular construction with stainless steel fitting bracket -LRB- which I have been calling `` slides '' -RRB- - From placard
 The bottom rear of my bike frame where a rack attaches is 6 inches wide , so I emailed Topeak 's outsourced customer support to see if this would fit . They said it should fit . When I received it , I found that it was 4 inches wide at the bottom connection points and could not fit . Topeak 's customer support did not even know what the actual width was , just that `` it fits most disc bikes '' . I 've returned it to Bikesource ; they 've been fine .
 I own an Iron Horse Warrior series bicycle . This bike rake will not fit on that line of bikes . The squarish threaded hole in on the bike rake does not fit in the space allowed on a Iron Horse Warrior bike . Find your disc brake bike rack somewhere else . Other companies make compatible bike racks .
 First , the good news . The rack went on well , no small issue because I have disk brakes , and needed a wide rack . It is sturdy as can be , and I have no qualms about loading it to the gills.Now the bad news . These are great racks IF you want to do what TOPEAK thinks you should do with your bike . Sadly , topeak and I disagree . So , I tried to mount my open top city panniers to the rack . The rack tubing is too thick . OK , I can modify that . So , I think I would like a narrow trunk rack so I can use my shopping panniers and still have a zipped space to store my raincoat etc. etc. . I tried going to a brick and mortar store to actually look at the trunk racks and try them and see if they 'll fit . The answer `` Topeak has changed their system so often we no longer carry them . We can special order , but thats it . '' Oh well , no trunk rack for me I guess . Finally I thought perhaps I would mount a flasher on the back of my rack . Two choices here . Buy the proprietary Topeak back lights , or take a hack saw to the rack to modify it.My recommendation find a company that makes racks and does n't try to be overly clever .
 I 'm sure this is what I wanted ... so I ordered one ... the ` supplier ' sent me one that was cracked . I returned it and got another ... is was cracked as well ... well ... 3rd times a charm ... right ?? ... The third one was broken into sections.If could have gotten one that was in one piece ... I 'm sure I 'd be ` delighted ' ... as it is ... that 's not the first rating term that comes to mind.I 'm still looking for a non-plastic ruler ... -LRB- or someone that is smart enough to package a plastic ruler adequately -RRB- .
 Funny ... I ordered these a week ago at the low price of $ 38.97 . Tonight I received notice that these are now on back order . YET I can order them at the all new price of $ 79.95 and they are in stock and will ship in 2-3 days . Can you say price gauge ??? TISK TISK
 This is a very lame BB gun and I would n't recomend it to anyone but it was cheap so I do n't feel like I was ripped off or anything . I Should have known better in the first place because I also have a Marksman 1010 pistol so I 'm a two time loser . If you 're looking for a BB gun I would suggest you pass on Marksman products .
 The site was broken right out of the box . The entire gun is cheap and flimsy-feeling for the money - much more so than I would have imagined . I think the vendor may agree , as they reimbursed us for the entire price and shipping - and did n't even want it back !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 WITH THE HANDLES DOWN THE SEAT IS TOO NARROW -LRB- WIDTH -RRB- INSTEAD OF BEING COMFORTABLEFOR SPORTS , ETC VIEWING IT PINCHES YR BOTTOM FROM THE SIDES - VERY UNCOMFORTABLE !!!!! FOR JUST A FEW BUCKS MORE THEY COULD HAVE GIVEN YOU A SEAT BIG ENOUGH TO SIT ON !! AND NO - I DO NOT HAVE A BIG BUXX I GO 160 # 'S
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it . I called Amazon , but even the customer representative was not sure the size . I bought the suit as he suggested , but it is too small .
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it and I would not buy another bathing suit from Amazon as it cost me money to send it back .
 I had to buy the extra high for an AR build . I have a set of Leupold QRW on my deer rifle and the quality and design are MUCH better on the Leupold . These Warne happen to also be spec 'd for Picatinny vs. Weaver , so that was another reason I had to use these . These are a real pain because you have to split them to mount the scope.When you lap these -LRB- you always lap your rings , do n't you ? -RRB- you also have to pay attention to not go too far . They are not very truly round , and where they meet at the top they do n't have much clearance to tighten . Given the AR does n't have much recoil I think they 'll hold just fine , but I could not achieve a 70-80 % lapped surface -- more like 20-30 % . I suppose you could always remove some material where they meet at the top.In summary , if you can use another system , look into that . For $ 80 I 'm not impressed .
 I bought this item for my U.S.C.G. 6 pack license course . I was being cost conscious when I purchased it and that was a mistake I could have bought a much nicer divider for just a little more money . This one is hard to adjust and tends to spring back a little after you adjust it . I passed the course but I was truly struggling with this thing on all the charting exercises and testing .
 To maintain pressure in car tires , I use a portable air pump with clip-on connector . The clip-on is almost useless
 after reading some of the past reviews , this item appears to be a great complement to the vlair air compressor . however , when items arrived the topeak actually can not be used with the vlair air compressor . the vlair unit already has the screw type connector and the male thread of the topeak is too small . do not buy if you intend to use with vlair air compressors .
 I bought this to use with my Bontrager air shock pump . It still allows air to escape upon removal . Waste of money for bicycle air shock inflation .
 I bought one of the Topeak connecter that , for me does not work . I 'm not saying they all do n't work JUST THE ONE I GOT . I use it on 2 different bicycles , my SUV and the neighbors yard tractor . IT did n't let air through in to the tire being serviced .
 The tire vavles on my boat trailer are a little hard to get to , and this connector was exactly what I was looking for . However , when I used it the first time it barely worked at all . It took 25 minutes to take the pressure from 10 lbs to 35 lbs , at which time I gave up . As best I can determine , the connector did not fully engage the schraeder valve on the tire . I tried to adjust the connector and then broke it.I 'd give this a one star , except for the fact that the screw on design is very functional . It would work great if you have 45 minutes or so per tire .
 I purchased a Viair compressor and based on the comments purchased this as a quick fill in order to avoid having to screw on the compressor to the valve stem . This does not work as described , air leaks everywhere from this and does not have a good seal on the valve stem . Save your money
 Just attaching this connector to my 12 volt auto compressor caused the enough back pressure to cause the gauge to read 30 PSI . It may be useful for something , but I ca n't think of what . It more than doubles inflation time as it cuts the flow rate to less than 50 % . Bought 2 . If I can find package I will return them both . But I will definitely return at least 1 of them .
 Bought this to use on my motorcycle . Decided to check tire pressures today , screwed this on the valve and found that I was unable to check tire pressure or add air through this ... it simply does not work ! Must be a defective unit .
 This item had a very favorable review when used with a Viair 70P portable compressor , as a device to eliminate loss of air when disconnecting the Viair hose fitting from the tire . Since I use the air compressor mostly for bicycle tires , a brief loss of air is undesirable . When I attempted to use the Topeak adapter , it could not screw fully into the Viair fitting -LRB- it was stopped by the brass piece that depressed the tire valve stem -RRB- and could not be used.I called the Viair company and asked if the brass piece could be unscrewed to alleviate this problem and he said it could . Turns out , it could not , but broke off when I attempted to remove it . Not only that , but when I first got the Viair compressor , it gave an accurate tire pressure reading , but when the Topeak adapter was used , the reading was about 20 psi high . Now , I am left with a broken Viair coupling and a useless Topeak connector . Not a happy camper situation.The Topeak connector is a waste of money and time.For the record , I was very pleased with the Viair compressor .
 I 've tried to make this work a couple of times now but I have n't been successful . Maybe I bought the wrong product or something but I 'm just using it on a standard bicycle tube with a normal pump .
 I 've tried these on several guitars of mine , including a Martin HD28 , a Guild D15 , a Guild JF-30 and a Guild F212XL . Yes , they last a long time , but the new sound ca n't compare with a conventional string . To me they sound moderately fatigued from the beginning , with a loss of sparkle and high end . On the 12 string they were acceptable , but that guitar had an abundance of highs to begin with.If playing amplified with a pickup they sound OK , but otherwise I do n't want an expensive new string that sounds somewhat tired from the beginning . I 'd rather use conventional strings and change them more often than play these . The Cleartone strings to my ear sound much better .
 I purchased Elixir strings after hearing them repeatedly recommended at the music store . Put them on my Eko Ranger XII acoustic 12 string . Have 2 problems with the strings . First , the bass E -LRB- 11th string -RRB- broke while tuning it up . Had to go to music store and buy a single replacement string -LRB- not Elixir -RRB- . I have changed strings many , many times , so I am convinced it was not my stringing , but a weakness in the E string itself . Second , the high D -LRB- 8th string -RRB- seems `` dead '' ; it does not `` ring '' as it should and as the other high strings do -LRB- though none as much as other 12 string sets I 've used -RRB- . Considering these strings cost much more than others , I certainly am disappointed in them . Hardly matters if they last longer if they do n't sound as good .
 First of all , they did n't sound very good . But the real reason for the poor rating is because on of the strings snapped while I was tuning it ... I 'd only had them on for a few weeks .
 At first i was happy with these strings but after only 20 days of use my low E string broke from just messing with the machine head.Now i cant play my guitar for a week . I will never buy these strings again from amazon . Buyer Beware
 Title says it all , kinda pissed off about it but owell , it was only 13 dollars but still 13 dollars wasted instead of being put towards better strings .
 I have only been through four sets of strings , and although I have no doubt that the claims of these guitar strings are indeed long lasting and sounds full these strings make a very ... gnarly kind of sound especially the base strings and they echo this wierd echo . If you like CLEAN sounding guitar strings you may not like these , especially the base strings . These definitely have deep sound but they are not a clean deep sound its like an artificial gnarly folksy sound on the base strings . I bought the strings solely on the good reviews , I 'm surprised there havent been more reviews with a more unbiased point of view . I can only surmise that either people are searching for this strings with this deep sound or they just havent played on many strings.So in short , if you like a clean loud sound you may not like this , if you like a deep folksy tone then these may be good for you . I will upload a video of some guitar using these strings
 My husband is an experienced guitar player on both electric and acoustic guitars . He does not play the acoustic often as the electrics are his preferred guitar . He put these strings on his acoustic guitar when they arrived and the 4th time he picked up the guitar to play it the largest string snapped in half . I am not a guitar player and probably should have let him leave this review as I am not sure of the terms and names of these sort of things . . We can not return the strings for a refund at this point because we no longer have the original receipt and or packing slip.We will not order Elixir strings again .
 Strings feel nice , easy on my fingers which helps a lot since I 'm just starting to play . Sound quality is good , not much more I can say about the sound since I am a beginner and wont pretend to be a guru or anything about that . As for the longevity of the strings , maybe I just got a defective string , but the # 1 string -LRB- high e -RRB- broke rather quickly . The rest of the strings are still fine . I 'm just disappointed that it broke so quickly , it did n't even last as long as my previous strings even though it boasts that it lasts 3x longer .
 First of all , I love these strings . I played on polywebs for a while , and now I 'm using the nanowebs , and I 'll use nothing else.I usually buy them at my local guitar center for about a buck or two more than the price here . These strings arrived already oxidized , like they were years old or had been opened once already and left open to the elements . They had a very dull sound - very uncharacteristic of these strings . Would not order these from Amazon again .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 The headlight is super bright , and the blink feature is great for the daytime . Installs easily , but you might need to use pliers to make it tight enough to not move . The tail-light is almost useless though . Can hardly see it on a bright , sunny day . It 's so small , that during the night drivers will misjudge the distance to you . Has a VERY loose braket on a topeak bike rack . Not a great item for bad city steets .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 this is a spare eye for the lock not the entire lockSPARE EYE ONLY FOR 1299pko129900099a
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I did n't realize these are of Nerf Material . I will still use as a Christmas gift but was disappointed At a glance , and since it was only a 2-pack , I did n't notice it was n't of sport-quality material .
 I got these for our toddler boy ... he immediately took a bite out of the football , the soccer ball was left in the rain and got soggy and never quite recovered . Buy something else .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I have other larger Igloo Maxcold coolers , which have thicker walls of insulation , and actually do keep things colder longer than a regular thin-walled cooler . Maxcold is supposed to be their `` premium '' sub-brand . This product , however , is nothing more than a conventional Igloo Playmate cooler dressed up with the blue-silver color and a flimsy , thin piece of styrofoam under the lid . I was very disappointed.The walls of the cooler are no thicker than a cheap Playmate cooler , and as you would expect , it does NOT keep things colder longer . Any ice placed in this cooler will be melted within 12-18 hours at room temperature , not 3-5 days , as is typical with a Maxcold cooler . The only difference is a useless piece of thin styrofoam under the lid , which will surely break up and fall out soon . As any teenage science student can tell you , cold air falls , so insulation ABOVE the cold mass is nearly useless . Why did Igloo do this instead of make the walls and floor of the cooler thicker -LRB- as they do with other Maxcold coolers -RRB- ? The answer is that some marketing guy at Igloo -LRB- who flunked science and had never used a cooler -RRB- thought it would be clever to slap the Maxcold label on a cheap Playmate cooler to fool consumers into paying more , without spending anything to add thicker walls.Message to Igloo marketing geniuses
 I wo n't bore you with reviews that seem to go on for hours like some people do but instead I 'll come straight to the point , this product does not work , period . But do n't take my word for it , just conduct this simple experiment , fill it full of ice and let it sit overnight at room temperature and see if you do n't have a cooler full of water the next morning . The conditions of my test are well within the parameters of the original test claims , those claims being that this cooler could keep ice solid for five days at ninety degrees . My question is how did the Igloo corporation come about such results when the ice in my cooler did n't even last overnight at roughly seventy five degrees ? Maybe it 's because they 're a bunch of damn liars . Anyway , hang on to your receipt you 're going to need it .
 I purchased the Playmate version because I have the large Maxcold cooler which works great . Biggest problem with the Playmate is the latch does not work so it swings open unexpectedly . Very annoying . This is basically an oversized lunch box which dumps its contents when put on side . I do not recommend .
 I purchased this cooler at a large retailer in Chicago -LRB- so I 'm fairly certain it 's not a fake if those even exist -RRB- . This is a lunchbox , not a cooler . If I put drinks and ice in it , the ice is mostly melted within 90min and completely melted within 2.5 hrs . My 10yr old handheld Coleman cooler -LRB- standard model , not ` maxcold ' or anything like that -RRB- goes 4hrs before ice begins to melt and can keep drinks cold at least 8hrs , even in the summer sun . I think Igloo should spend less time on fancy product design and more on basic insulation . I do n't understand the disparity in reviews for this product so I recommend moving to one with consistently positive reviews .
 I realize this is just a cooler but when the item was recieved it was all scuffed and scratched up and had dirt and wear marks all over the handle like it had been used . This is the first negative review I 've ever wrote . Next time I will just make the trip to walmart and probably save a few bucks in the process , I ordered on amazon for convenience and got a product that quite honestly looks like its been tossed around a dirty warehouse for a few days before they shipped it .
 I ordered this string , it is good string no doubt , but the seller is terrible . I ordered it with normal shipping to arrive July 14th to the 17th at the latest . It is July 27th today and it has still not come still in transit . It was shipped out on the 23rd 5 days after it was supposed to be here at the latest . So IN SHORT its gon na be about 2 weeks late because they did n't ship for about 10 days ... * & ^ % this seller
 This is good as backup pump for another pump . Not for road as someone said , `` Not 120PSI -LRB- you or the pump will pass out before you get there . '' For MTB it would work .
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it . I called Amazon , but even the customer representative was not sure the size . I bought the suit as he suggested , but it is too small .
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it and I would not buy another bathing suit from Amazon as it cost me money to send it back .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I was very unhappy with this product . There was no info as to what gun this would fit . It was not for a browning A-5 . The ad was misleading as it spoke of working for all shotguns but there must be several types that were not shown or mentioned .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I bought the good stuff in a carton I got the crap in a bottle that everyone warns you about . This is the crappy plated stuff that you can see the plating and a nipple on both sides that throw off the Accuracy .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 This clock base is not well designed to hold heavy Weems & Path clock . Base is not wide enough depth-wise to securely hold clock . Returned it and ordered similar base with back panel , which works much better as you can secure top of clock to back panel with a small screw .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 DO N'T BUY FROM THIS COMPANY . THEY CLEARLY ADVERTISE THIS ITEM AS TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- PAIR , AS IN A PINK PAIR AND A BLACK PAIR AND THEY ONLY SEND THE PINK PAIR AND CLAIM THAT THE ORDER IS FOR ONE PAIR AND YOU HAVE NO WAY OF CHOOSING THE COLOR . WHEN THERE IS NO CHOICE FOR A COLOR , THAT IS ALSO AN INDICATION THAT THIS ORDER IS TO INCLUDE 2 PAIR , A PINK PAIR AND A BLACK PAIR . WHAT YOU SEE IS NOT WHAT YOU GET !!!
 I really do n't understand why this fixer was designed so much shorter than the track itself . I have attached a milk crate to it -LRB- the Topeak wire basket seemed smaller than I wanted and too flimsy . This was not a 5 minute project , as I had to work a piece of scrap wood into an adapter plate , since the milk crate would never have safely attached directly to the fixer -RRB- . After about a year of occasional use the milk crate is constantly becoming more unstable . I feel like the whole setup would be more stable if the fixer made use of the full length of the Topeak rear track and sat flat on the sides of the rack rather than leaving the sides of the mounted object hanging so far out .
 Topeak has a great concept with the center rail on their rear mount bike racks providing a channel for accessories to slide onto but the Fixer 6 , which allows you to make your own basket , or other vessel , compatible with the topeak rack is radically deficient in design . First , as other reviewers have noted , it is far too short . The rack is well over a foot long , and the fixer is only a few inches , so if you want to , mount a standard plastic crate , for example , most of the base of the crate is a half inch above the rack , and is not being used as an anchor . The effects of this are two
 It works as advertised , it should have a locking feature built in , at least it should be optional . Would only recommend if you do n't ride your bike to anyplace you want to lock it .
 If anyone is thinking about buying these , DO N'T . Do not waste your money on these strings . If you like to precisely control what you 're playing -LRB- especially if you play Metal -RRB- , do not get these strings . The coating is too slippery and feel uncomfortable . And most importantly !! The tone is NOT bright and the sustain is horrible . They ca n't hold a chord without fading quickly especially if you bend a lot . If you want amazing , well manufactured , loud and controllable strings I suggest checking out GHS Boomers . With GHS you will not be disappointed , unlike Elixir . -LRB- I personally use GHS Boomers TnT -LSB- thin top heavy bottom -RSB- -RRB-
 I bought these strings waiting to have my first own personal electric guitar and the high E string broke before I could even get it to an A noI want new strings but how do I return them ?
 I just got these new strings for my guitar and i was excited because i herd these strings were very good , but i was wrong . When i first put em in each string broke ... BROKE , in HALF before it even got to the standard turning . Ya , before it was even tuned , they were extremely flat when they broke also . waste of money , i do not recommend this product
 I ordered strings with .009 being the least string diameter . They sent strings with .011 smallest diameter . It was not what I orderd . I have electric , acoustic , and bass guitars and would have been happy to order online as the prices were good . However , I will not order online again . Sending packages back is a hassle .
 After all these reviews I expected the Greatest Strings Ever , golden strands of Glory that would last for a year with sparkling tonal perfection!Instead , I got a decent set of .10 's that lasted a whole hour before the D snapped at the neck pickup . I use a PRS with a Wilkinson bridge that rarely breaks strings , and I pre-stretch them gently but completely . Plus I tune down to Eb for vocal and breakage reasons , so I break very few of my normal strings , Slinky .10 's . Ergo , a break in one hour from a thick string under minimal tension , tuned down , is unacceptable , especially when these strings cost three times as much as most all other electric strings.As for the tone , it 's definitely bright and almost too edgy , but nicely zingy all told . Yet one negative I 've noticed after about 8 hours ' loud playing with a drummer is that these things seem to vibrate more widely than most strings , making them harder to tune . Sounds odd , I know , but when I replaced the D with a Slinky D -LRB- replacing singles ai n't cheap either at triple the price , please note -RRB- , I 've since noticed that it tunes faster and in a tighter range than the Elixir strings.So , I must say I 'm summarily unimpressed so far with Elixir electric strings.What 's the good of string lasting a long time if it breaks fast?Especially when it costs three times more?And what 's up with the tuning thing?And why do these cost so much more , anyhow ? Is a micro-thin coating of siliconish stuff really worth two bucks extra each string ? Not when that string is toast in 50 minutes , zero doubt there.Anyhow , I 've got five Elixirs and one Slinky on my main ax now , so as they age I 'll get a good feel for how the Elixirs stay in tune and hold their tone , and I 'll report back here in a while . And by the way , that Slinky D sounds almost exactly the same as the Elixirs , tonally . So much for Magic Elixir Tone.Don ' t get me wrong , I really do want to love these , as I hate changing strings , but geez guys , how about some quality control?If I 'm going to pay triple the price , then is it crazy to expect triple the quality ? Or heck , even just a little better ... PS If you look at the D'Addario reviews -LRB- I love their acoustic strings -RRB- , they respond to many of the reviews and questions . I hope that Elixir will do the same here and address my questions . -LSB- Edit
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 This stove design is very good in theory , but when they made it they did not test it . The air vents need to be much bigger . Even when fully open , the creosote builds up in the stove pipe so fast that it chokes off the chimney . Chimney and spark arrestor need to be larger to accomodate the smoke . You can not make a fire small enough to keep smoke from coming out of the door when you open it . Do n't let the apparent great design fool you . This stove is terrible .
 Amen to the first review ! I wish this had been advertised with the brand name so we could have read reviews before we bought it . Looks great , but smokes no matter what you do . Terrible waste of money .
 Unstable , light weight , easily tips over , had rusty parts ... not easy to asemble ... The air vents need to be much bigger , difficult to start a fire ... returned item
 I too made the mistake of purchasing this stove/heater . For the first 3.5 hours the 8 man tent was filled with smoke -LRB- toxic ? -RRB- from the sh *** y paint that was not heat resistant . After 50 % of the paint fell onto the ground the thing could not keep a fire going , vent adjustments are too limited and flue is too small . The flue is lacking a damper and lets all of the hear go out the top . I too had the issue that when I opened the front to add a log the smoke filled the tent and gave me a headache and then went out @ 4am since after 6 hours of constant tending it could n't keep a fire going on its own . I used it once , I will be throwing it away . Complete waste of money . Do n't let its good looks fool you .
 Their site said `` in stock '' I chose rush shipping , one week later still no confirmation on delivery . Very unreliable . Do not use them .
 On my first trip using the Extender , I attached the extender to my front handlebar and then attached 2 six inch Cree flashlights to the extender . I put my bike on my car and dropped my car off for service . I bicycled out of the repair shop 's parking lot after dropping off my car . No more than 15 feet of the repair shop parking lot , I heard my flashlights hit the ground . The thin bar that connected the two parts in the picture had broken into two pieces . The part attached to the bike was still attached . The part where you put flashlights was on the ground . What a waste of money ! FYI - That thin bar is not solid metal . The core is made of something that breaks very easily .
 I put the bar extender on and thought it was great with all the ways it can be adjusted . Then , toward the end of my first ride with it -LRB- ~ 2 hours -RRB- , it just snapped . The shiny chrome-looking bit connecting the base to the bar extension appears to be metal , but in fact is cheap flimsy plastic . I 'm just glad I was less than a mile from home and my computer wire and air zound tubing kept it from falling into my wheel . I did n't think my air zound horn bit , cateye strada cadence computer and small headlight were too much weight , but I guess I was wrong . Do not waste your money on the cheaply made piece of junk .
 UPDATE -LRB- 17 November 2012 -RRB-
 The Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtendeThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar xtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar ExtenderThe Topeak Bar Extender
 Purchased in July ' 12 . Worked nicely for some time , but on a ride today I hit a bump and the stem snapped at the mount along the weld . An attached light and cell phone went skittering over the pavement . Maybe I had it overloaded , but I do n't consider a bare Samsung Galaxy Nexus 2 and an LED light overkill . I 'll try the Minoura next and see how that fares .
 Waste of money . Mounting bracket is too small and the bar needs ends on it to keep the attachments in place .
 Once again , Topeak has another product with a design flaw . I could not get the mounting base that attaches to the handlebar to tighten properly . In fact , the metal strap actually deformed and simply would n't stay tight . Maybe I did something wrong but I seriously doubt it . As with their handle bar bag , they seem to have a problem with mounting brackets . They LOOK nice but form follows FUNCTION ! I have a lot of Topeak products on my bike that I would highly recommend but they really have a problem with handle bar mounts . I noticed that most of the other reviews for the Extender were favorable but I had a very bad experience with mine . So , just make sure you keep your receipt .
 I struggled with this a long time trying to get it to work on my riser mountain handlebar and could not get it . The main problem was the extension could not be adjusted level with the ground and pointing forward . It has some limited coarse adjustments but nothing to suit my handlebar . Another problem was the diameter of the extension was too wide to fit my Planet Bike Blaze headlamp . Also the clamp must secured to an even area of the handlebar -- if there is any taper the thing will slip.I 'm giving it a generous two stars because it looks like it may work in some applications and once adjusted it sits quite solid . Also the concept is a good one .
 Their site said `` in stock '' I chose rush shipping , one week later still no confirmation on delivery . Very unreliable . Do not use them .
 We got this for my son and it just did n't work . We thought it needed a harder through , so we got his uncle -LRB- a softball coach -RRB- to test it out . He pronounced it `` pathetic '' and we returned it .
 DO N'T BUY FROM THIS COMPANY . THEY CLEARLY ADVERTISE THIS ITEM AS TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- PAIR , AS IN A PINK PAIR AND A BLACK PAIR AND THEY ONLY SEND THE PINK PAIR AND CLAIM THAT THE ORDER IS FOR ONE PAIR AND YOU HAVE NO WAY OF CHOOSING THE COLOR . WHEN THERE IS NO CHOICE FOR A COLOR , THAT IS ALSO AN INDICATION THAT THIS ORDER IS TO INCLUDE 2 PAIR , A PINK PAIR AND A BLACK PAIR . WHAT YOU SEE IS NOT WHAT YOU GET !!!
 I bought this as a casual plinker and after tinkering with the rear sight for sometime I finally able to lower the elevation on the rear sight to make it so it will hit the 5.5 `` x5 .5 '' pellet trap at 25 ' . It still shoots high -LRB- about 1 '' . -RRB- The body and handle is nonslip composite . The pistol has a good feel to it and being a break barrel pistol , the long barrel helps . I consinder the cocking effort to be light . I was very dissappointed , considering EAA other pistol is of competition grade . mgso
 DO N'T BUY FROM THIS COMPANY . THEY CLEARLY ADVERTISE THIS ITEM AS TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- PAIR , AS IN A PINK PAIR AND A BLACK PAIR AND THEY ONLY SEND THE PINK PAIR AND CLAIM THAT THE ORDER IS FOR ONE PAIR AND YOU HAVE NO WAY OF CHOOSING THE COLOR . WHEN THERE IS NO CHOICE FOR A COLOR , THAT IS ALSO AN INDICATION THAT THIS ORDER IS TO INCLUDE 2 PAIR , A PINK PAIR AND A BLACK PAIR . WHAT YOU SEE IS NOT WHAT YOU GET !!!
 This watch worked great at first , but was not water tight and began leaking while I was kayaking . I would not recommend this watch if you actually plan on wearing it in the field .
 This light holster held a lot of promise , especially given Surfire 's reputation . Unfortunately , in less than two months the internal metal completely broke leaving me with a useless piece of plastic . It was a great holster in those two months , but now I have to spend more money for another new holster .
 I love Surfire products !!! So , I bought this holster for my duty belt . Was great for about six or seven months . Then the light would get stuck . After this happened a number of times , the metal clip inside the holster broke . Now it wo n't hold the light . I know the light can be put in the other way , but that feels like I could loose it . Twenty-five bucks is a little high to just go get another one . The light is awesome !!
 Ordered this product for law enforcement work . Does not work well on pistol belts and accessibility . Also the color it comes in is not a true black but an dark grey . It does not match duty gear color . I do not recommend for law enforcement officers . Ordered a blackhawk mod-u-lok works great .
 The V70 metal retention clip inside the holster strips the paint and texture off a Surefire 6P . After using the V70 holster a few times , the texture and paint on the tail cap was stripped clean . Poor design and a good way to put years of wear on your nice new light in only a few minutes . Do not buy !
 I selected this rating because I found this item was too cumbersome and bulky . I also did not like the exterior texture . There was nothing I liked about this product.Would I recommend it to someone else ? It 's hard to say . That would depend on what field they wanted to put it to use in . I however , would not purchase it again .
 After putting these string on about 16 days ago and playing maybe around 10 of those 16 days . The G-string broke while trying to tune down a step . EXTREMELY p **** d off and do n't think ill be buying this junk again . Long lasting ? Could have fooled me .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I rarely leave bad feedback , but in this case I feel compelled to let others know that this product did not work at all for us ... we had 50 + different fire ant colonies on our property -LRB- we have acreage -RRB- . We treated all the areas , and this did n't even seem to phase the ants ... I know that the fire ants can be killed , as I also ordered Amdro Fire Ant Control granules here on Amazon at the same time I ordered this one . After waiting approximately 10 days to 2 weeks after using this product and still having the ants going strong , we used the Amdro product . Within a few days of treating the mounds with the Amdro , all the ants were dead . It has been over 1 month since we used the Amdro and still no ants !
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I was trying unsuccessfully to replace a really nice white Columbia fleece jacket that I bought some years ago which resisted stains amazingly , looks really nice on me , and goes with everything . This is not it . This -LRB- Benton Springs Style Number 209 WL 6114 -RRB- is a cheap imitation of my old fleece Columbia jacket -LRB- style number 207 WL6114 -RRB- . I bought three Benton Springs jackets on 1-27-2010 at Sports Authority and I 'm returning at least the two white ones , where the difference in quality is really noticable . I 'm going to keep a navy blue one where the inferior cut , styling , workmanship , and quality control is not as noticable . In white , mine look cheap and slightly flawed , workmanship wise . I have another white fleece jacket from Walmart with the same problem that came as a liner with a -LRB- cheap -RRB- white raincoat.Another difference is that the new ones are fuzzier , softer and thicker and the white is pinker . That would be fine if it hung and fit nicely like it 's predessor.It 's so hard to replace women 's clothes when they wear out , even in classic styles . Often I have to go to another brand to get the same thing since it 's `` out of style '' in the brand I start with . Are they assuming it never wears out ? The zipper eventually broke on my original Columbia fleece jacket , not before I got a lot of wear out of it , and a white jacket can not stay stain free forever even though this fabric was very stain resistant .
 I ordered this item through Amazon from The Fashion Rack on December 8 , 2010 and never recieved it . I have ordered many things from Amazon and have always received them , but did not recieve my order from The Fashion Rack or a response from The Fashion Rack . I watched the USPS tracking as it came to my state then went to a totally different state . I emailed The Fashion Rack through Amazon and never got a response to my email . I have emailed a second time still waiting to hear something .
 I ordered this columbia fleece in a size small . I received it today and it was a medium . The tag on the inside of the jacket says medium , and the sticker on the bag it was packaged it said medium , but the price tag said it was a small . The jacket is way too big for me , and I would like to return it . I am hesitant though , because I 'm worried that if I return it and order from this seller again I will receive another jacket in the wrong size . Has anyone else had this problem ?
 I ordered This almost 20 Days Ago And still Havent recieved it.So Im Completely Done With this seller.If you Expect it a Certin Time Dont Bother .
 Although I ordered the size I usually wear , the sleeves were much too long and it was n't large enough around the bust even though it was advertised as being loose fitting . Apparently this item was designed for tall , slender women with long arms . The advertising is misleading .
 I owned a similar Columbia jacket years ago -LRB- not sure exact style -RRB- but I know that even then I would n't have spend an arm and a leg on it , so I figured it was reasonable to compare the two . This jacket feels incredibly cheap ! It 's ok , keeps me warm . A nice light fleece , but I was expecting something a little heavier and more durable . Hanging this over the back of my chair , I was worried that the posts on the chair were going to pop a hole through ! They are n't pointy and are a good size , at least an inch , and this was n't by exerting any sort of force on the jacket.The seller shipped me the wrong color anyway , and I 'm supposed to be getting a full refund . Otherwise , I 'd likely return it and fork some money out for something worthwhile .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 This is definately not an easy item to inflate as they profess . But anyway the kids love it .
 This item was cute and pretty easy to set up -LRB- you do need an electric pump-the pump they give you would take 2 days to inflate the bed -RRB- . Within 2 hours , there was a hole in a seam . All my six year old did was sit on it to watch tv.This item is poorly made if it can not withstand a six year old sitting on it .
 This was given to my 3 year old daughter as a Christmas present . She loved it ! The set up was easy ... tedious ... but easy . However , it can not hold up to the type of torture a toddler can put it through . The bed has a slow leak somewhere . I ca n't find where it is . Such a shame too , this could have been so useful for us . I liked how the outer bedding layer is washable and it is easy to reassemble it afterwards . I just ca n't give this product a good rating when it goes flat within an hour of my small kiddo laying on it .
 Did you analyze the water or just making generalizations -LRB- `` it certainly removes harmful bacterial , cysts , and protozoa . '' -RRB- Yeah , thought so .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 This is a great idea , but that 's simply all it is . It does not fill with air like its suppose to . You will have to blow it up .
 This is a decent air mattress , but the brass valve is proving unreliable . We 've had this mattress for just over two years and used it quite a bit . Now the brass air valve is sticking and will not allow the mattress to inflate or deflate . There does not appear to be a way to repair the valve , so our mattress may be taking up space in a landfill soon .
 Item doesnt work as the video shows . I bought the regular size and in the description it says that it will inflate up to 1.5 inches , but it didnt even get close to 1 inch !!
 I should have returned this item when I had the chance but I saw other reviews that said the first time inflating could take a LONG time . So , I kept the product and went to use it for the first time and it only inflates a little over halfway and stops . I hope someone from the company would let me return it for one that works but now it 's past the 30 day return period . VERY disappointed and probably will never buy things besides books and music from amazon .
 I bought this air pad , thinking it would be of great quality and workmanship , only to find it does ` nt self inflate , i followed the instructions , even tried blowing it up manually , to no avail . I will not be letting my daughter use this for camping , and i do n't have time to send it back -LRB- at my cost -RRB- for a replacement.Do not buy this product .
 Item was listed as a `` handcrafted american walnut stock '' but it actually was a hardwood with a walnut finish and it was stated so on the box . Other sites offer this same pellet rifle with hardwood stock , at a lesser price , but I chose this site because I wanted a better quality stock which I did n't get . Paid higher , got less .
 What a piece of junk man , no joke . This was suppose to be the push button one , but instead its the not ... gross , do n't buy , waste of your hard earned monies
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 High G string snapped within 30 minutes of playing . Now I have an 11 string guitar . When you break one out of a twelve set of $ 20.00 strings , you do n't end up with $ 18.32 worth of strings , you end up buying another set . That 's what you should do now ; leave this page and buy another set !!!
 The high G string broke after about 30 days . This happened during tuning . Too late to return so I ` ll probably try another brand
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Maybe it works but I would n't know . What is pictured and described was not what I received.I ordered wetsuit repair and got a repair set for fishing waders . The density and flexibility of the glue does n't match wetsuits so it did n't serve my purpose.The shipper said that 's all they had when i voiced my dissatisfaction with receiving something different to what was pictured . Was n't a good purchase for me ... unless i decide to invest in a pair of damaged waders .
 After one use , the interior coating started coming off . Tried to use it again and more coating came off as we were melting butter . Bought it in January and first used it on a trip we came back from 2 days ago . Wound up tossing it and buying a $ 6 pan at the local dollar store .
 The frypan that was delivered is different from photo . The photo shows a folding handle all metal handle frypan . What was delivered was a non-stick frypan no different from a normal kitchen except that the rivets were replaced with wing nut screws . The handle has a rubberized handle at the end which makes it unsuitable for over wood cooking.The wing nuts quickly scratched the non-stick surface within a couple of uses . I am now required to carry the skillet assembled to avoid further damage . I would not recommend this product and suggest that even backpackers look at cast iron alternatives that are more durable .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 The item does n't come in the package that the picture shows . It does n't include pellets either , only the 3 speed loaders . They work perfectly , but they are all that you get .
 I purchased this watchband for a Seiko sports watch that I 've had for decades . My prior replacement watchband was thick and sturdy , but the pins would give out frequently . I purchased this one as this was the right size and inexpensive , and I just needed one to work . When I opened it , I was surprised at the thinness of the rubber strap . It feels flimsy . Also , another thing that surprised me - I 'm used to the watchbands having the pins in them . This one has the pins separately that you put in the watchband and then you can attach it to the watch . A minor point , but I thought I 'd mention it.Anyway , I started wearing it , and it actually felt really stable . About 1 week into my purchase , I had put my hand into my pocket , and the watchband pins detached from the watch . I tried reattaching them , but no such luck.Although it worked only for 1 week , I 'm not going to rate this a 1-star , because the band was fine , just the pins were problematic . I guess if they sell pins by themselves , I can install them and give it another go .
 Inexpensive replacement ... and cheap . Five months after replacing the years-old , original -LRB- long -RRB- strap the replacement cracked . Yes , they are inexpensive but the plastic is very cheap and quite stiff , especially when it becomes cold . The quality of the replacement straps is much lower than those attached to the new watch . Look elsewhere .
 This item says it would fit a Casio watch , which it does not . Also the strap shown in the picture is nothing like the one received . They charged more for shipping then the item cost .
 I was not expecting anything fancy for the price , just a generic replacement for a g-shock watchband and this item showed up when I did a search . Unfortunately it is too wide and does not fit . Very disappointed . Guess I will have to buy the original band ... a lot more expensive but guaranteed fit and quality .
 The band material is very thin . This could be good or bad depending on your expectations . To me , it is bad as I expected a heavier weight thicker material for a `` sport '' band . The band is very comfortable as the material is very soft and pliable.The included spring pins are terrible . I used them initially and my watch fell off ! Fortunately it fell onto my car seat and not onto the ground where it would have had the pins fails only seconds earlier . Yes , I correctly installed the pins . The stayed in place for several hours and then suddenly popped out . I switched out the included pins for the ones that came with my original band . The original pins that came with my watch are a full 3mm longer than the ones included with this band.I have since ordered a Spiedel band in the same 19mm size and it came with double telescoping pins even longer than my original ones . The pins for the Spiedel band locks in extremely tight and feels very secure.This band is OK , I would have given the band alone 4/5 stars if they had not sent the crappy pins . But since they were included and clearly either defective or the wrong size I give this 2/5 . Better to not include anything extra rather than including something potentially defective .
 This is a great idea , but that 's simply all it is . It does not fill with air like its suppose to . You will have to blow it up .
 Item doesnt work as the video shows . I bought the regular size and in the description it says that it will inflate up to 1.5 inches , but it didnt even get close to 1 inch !!
 I should have returned this item when I had the chance but I saw other reviews that said the first time inflating could take a LONG time . So , I kept the product and went to use it for the first time and it only inflates a little over halfway and stops . I hope someone from the company would let me return it for one that works but now it 's past the 30 day return period . VERY disappointed and probably will never buy things besides books and music from amazon .
 I bought this air pad , thinking it would be of great quality and workmanship , only to find it does ` nt self inflate , i followed the instructions , even tried blowing it up manually , to no avail . I will not be letting my daughter use this for camping , and i do n't have time to send it back -LRB- at my cost -RRB- for a replacement.Do not buy this product .
 This is a decent air mattress , but the brass valve is proving unreliable . We 've had this mattress for just over two years and used it quite a bit . Now the brass air valve is sticking and will not allow the mattress to inflate or deflate . There does not appear to be a way to repair the valve , so our mattress may be taking up space in a landfill soon .
 It was comfortable to wear but the buckle is made of plastic and broke within my two months of wearing it . I guess one ca n't expect anything more for a $ 3.99 watchband .
 I 'm a big guy with ` normal ' wrists . I usually remove links on metal watch bands ; however , on this plastic band it is very tight on the last hole . Would think these straps would be made longer if designed for adults .
 The strap buckle broke as i installed and tried my watch on for the first time , very cheap quality , did nt expect that . Dont buy it !
 It said it fit all Casio watches but did not . It was a waste . I would not order one again
 From repeated experience
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Really liked the watch with the slide out compass . Well , until the liquid in the compass went all brown and cloudy . No watchmaker will touch it to fix so it sits in a drawer !
 It is a nice looking watch ... if you do n't want a working compass . ordered one , got it and compass does n't move ! Returned and ordred the other Wenger/compass watch ... SAME PROBLEM ! I 'm givingup ! Good news , no problems returning items . Amazon 's policy is great !
 I ordered this watch because wegner is usualy a good product and compass was a cool attachement . I get the watch and it is cool except the compass has a scratch . Not supposed to have this if new . I set the watch but it doesnt run . I send it back for a replacement . Get the replacement no scrath but still doesnt run . I take to a jewler and he opens the watch to find no battery . So I decide to buy the battery -LRB- silly me to think it would be included since the add didnt mention no battery . . After three new batteries the watch still doesnt run . I send back for full refund . Now their returns is excellent . no hassle first class treatment all the way .
 I bought this chair as a gift for my mother to use on her patio . Within 6 months the finish was rotted off the wooden arms and the metal grommets were all rusted . My folks live in Florida where it is sunny and humid , and I guess this chair ca n't handle either one .
 Bought this for my dad , but it did n't fit his Illuminator watch . Not worth the hassle of sending back , just wasted money .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 First , the material is strangely thick and stiff for athletic shorts . This would be good material for sweats in cold weather but these are shorts so all it does is collect sweat . The shorts are poorly shaped with oversized legs . This feels odd due to the stiff material . I feel like I 'm running inside them instead of wearing them and I imagine this looks a little funny . Finally , no pockets limit their usefulness . Unless you need to save ten bucks , look at other pairs .
 In my drawer , I have an old pair of Russell cotton workout shorts which are comfortable and long lasting . So I wanted to have more . Knowing that the model I had was older , I could n't find the exact thing . So I settled on the Russell Cotton workout short -LRB- 42175MO -RRB- . It arrived quickly and as ordered ; however , the short itself is cheap and thin . It is so poorly shaped that it is uncomfortable in the legs . The fabric and the make are so low quality that I felt cheated . What 's worse , the pants have no pockets . I ca n't use something this poor . I threw them away .
 ' 0 ' is wat i give this product did n't get what the picture showed.Fitted worst.Don ' t waste your money.Its up to you .
 It 's my own fault for not reading the description more carefully . A bit long - I like to see my legs when I squat . Otherwise sturdy and reliable shorts .
 The item discription says it is a GREEN/SILVER bike , and the picture clearly shows a green silver mountain bike , but for some reason Amazon sent me a purple bike instead . And when I sent an email for amazon to correct the order , Amazon sent me another purple bike instead of a GREEN / SILVER BIKE LIKE I WANTED IT TO BE . So I am going to return both purple bikes . I did n't get a chance to ride the bike so I do n't know how the performance is .
 Cuts stripwood up to 1/2 '' -- thus saith the vendor . Hmmmm , not on this planet . I ca n't even cut the super thin wood from the tiny crates Clementine tangerines are packaged in . Oh , wait , I can -- if I cut the wood on one side and then flip the wood over and continue the cut on the opposite side.I 've tested this device on the following wood : - red oak - Aspen pine - white pineThe results ? Just a `` bite '' impression from the device.I 'm going to try this out on bone -LRB- human , animal -- I have n't decided -RRB- next . I 'll update this review with the results ; but for wood , meh , not so much .
 I 've had problems with alarm stem . It 's bascially impossible to ` activate ' without pulling the entire thing out of the watch . It strips the treads out or they were stripped when I bought it . I do n't have time to send back so I just do n't use the alarm function . Downside of buying ` online . ' I 've also been getting an alergic reaction to the band - which I 've never had from many other leather watch bands so I already have to replace it .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 did not receive what i ordered , ordered what the picture looked like a dallas cowboy golf cart back , recieved a golf stand bag , for all the golfers out there they will know big !!!!!!!!!! difference .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 This is not a good instruction dvd for spinning in my opinion and experience . First off , the instructor should be on a bike , not appearing during the workout in sunglasses and yell at the participants . You ca n't hear the music at all and all the instructor 's instruction was not comprehensible for even a trained person in exercise physiology let alone a beginner exerciser . I would not recommend this dvd .
 This is a nice knife , but the blade tip does not go down far enough in the handle when closed . So , if you finger rubs along the top , it will snag/cut your finger -LRB- which happened to my daughter -RRB- .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 The description and picture submitted for this item leads you to think there are 2 steps for the purchase price . There is only 1 and for 29.00 + $ 11.00 to ship it is ridiculous . I thought I was getting a good deal now I know better . I 'll think twice before ordering here again .
 The description and picture submitted for this item leads you to think there are 2 steps for the purchase price . There is only 1 and for 29.00 ... . so sad that they make yoy think you are getting 2 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! never again
 Very disappointed in this whistle because , well , it does n't whistle . It just sounds like air being blown through a piece of plastic . Purchased for safety reasons but now need to find something of better quality .
 The shippging was too expensive it was more then the price of the whistle . Another thing that bug me is that you have to blow very hard to have a loud sound . Not like the other fox 40 .
 You will NOT get what you order !! Same as the last reviewer , I ordered this CLEAR HIGH-BACK STAND shown in the photo from Wowzzer , and instead got a SMALL BLACK STAND with a long solid front face , the BCW-Pro-Mold-Sports-Stand-Display . It is completely worthless to me , as it does n't suit the purpose for which I bought it , unlike the one pictured .
 Ordered this item , which is a clear folding stand , and got a small black stand instead
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 What was pictured was not what was sent . Product was a cheap imitation of what I thought I was buying , which was a product that I had purchased locally and was happy with . Bristles were so flimsy that they would not hold up the ball . First time I was disapointed and felt misled about an Amazon transaction .
 Brush tees were of inferior design and materials . They do n't even last a round ! For comparison purposes , the original brand of brush tees typically last me about 3 rounds and never snap off at the base as these do .
 I ordered a 3 pack of oversized brush tees and I expected to get what was shown in the picture . I had previously bought an oversized brush t and I like it very much . Yet what I got today had very little in common . The brush tees I just got have a different spike design , the previous one tapered a lot to reduce stress so it would n't break , these are very thin and hardly taper so there is a big stress point where these will likely snap . This 3 pack also comes in a stupid holder that holds all 3 and the spikes stick out of holes in the plastic holder so you ca n't walk with them in your pocket unless you want to get stabbed or do n't mind the spike getting bent or broken -LRB- and there are no ball markers -RRB- . The previous one and the ones shown in the picture are stored separately in a nice plastic container with a ball marker built into the top . These are also white , but I do n't care about that . The box says `` Extreme '' , not oversized , although there is a barcode sticker they put on that says oversize , but that is on top of the boxes barcode.I do n't know why I got crappy brush tees , it seems that the brush t company changed their design and have n't updated the picture on their site or these are knock offs . These tees are poor quality and seem to be made for extreme planned obsolescence . I hope this is n't the new design of the company . I am returning these , contacting Amazon to see if they will look into it just in case these are knock offs and buying some in a store .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 If u want a better first base glove then the ones u get at like dick 's and champs this is one of the better gloves but not the best . The best would be the A2000 first base glove . If your son plays alot of baseball like 60 games a year this is not the glove u need for first base .
 Great product . This will protect your bow with no issues , the only problem with this product is that it is so big ! This thing is giant ! Great to put in the back of a pick-up or SUV but wy wife has a Camery and I had trouble getting this in and out of the trunk . If size is not an issue for you , great buy . ** Updated 11-30-12 ** I dropped the review from 4 stars to 2 . I think this case is just too big . It does n't fit well in a trunk unless it 's empty . I think someone would be better off looking at a smaller case than buying this large thing . It is a pain to carry around and only fits in the bed of my truck .
 Doesnt fit my Mathews Z7 bow with quiver attached . Had to remove the accessories kit to fit my bow in the case . Doubt it would stand up to a truck on it like advertised . Very poorly made . Not any larger than other hard cases .
 I purchased a plano bow case four years ago and still have that case today , I would not trade it for anything in the world , It stands upright and opens from the top , extreamly strong , This case is flemsy as you know what , I am so dissapointed in this case . It is hard to get closed right and latched . It is a lot larger than my old case , Man I would give anything if I could get ahold of the old style case . I feel the engineers at Plano realy laid an egg on this one , and by the way this case would crush under the weight of a stroller . YOur Bow would ` nt stand a chance . The product did ship quickly Gary S. New Mexico
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 The table has good bounce . The painting is n't as bad as some people claimed -LRB- the peel-off problem has apparently been fixed -RRB- on the net , and it is really easy to stow . However , my biggest gripe is with the gap between the two half-tables
 The description says thsat the display case has NO unsightly injection marks and that it comes with graphics . Neither is true . I can substitute my own graphics , so that is not a huge issue , but this item had a large snd prominent injection mark at the top center of the case . I would not have purchased this if the description had been accurate .
 I have put over a 1000 rounds through this thing now and I still never know where its going to hit . I have used 2 different scopes with no success.I really would n't recommend this one .
 i got mine in .22 caliber , it was powerful enough but really not really accurate .
 Knife looks good but is not functional . Knife is only ground and needs extensive sharpening to get a decent edge . The blade lock does not work without modification . Thumb stud is not ambidextrous due to button clearance on the left side . Pocket clip is not flexible enough to work on jeans .
 this car mount lacks a pin to fit into your telescope . it therefore moves on the base . you can tighten all you want and it still moves
 This mount is a piece of junk . It will not tighten on your window . The one I received literally unscrews and falls apart when you try to tighten it to your window .
 The workmanship on this gun was poor . When I received the gun a screw was missing in the stock . The plugs for the front sight fell off within the first day of owning the gun . I expected better workmanship .
 I like the general design of the gun , but quality and accuracy leave much to be desired . First off , these guns only shoot in the 575-600 fps range not 750 like stated . You must keep the leather seal oiled well or it will drop random pellets 6 '' at 25 yards . For a low powered gun , it is very hold sensitive - I could shift groups by 4 '' at 25 yards with a slightly different grip . The barrel breech on my gun is not straight , so it buggers up the breech seal almost instantly after replacement . The screws that hold the action to the stock constantly work loose even with red loctite , and this creates fliers -LRB- the stocks always crack there , too -RRB- . After 1,000 shots or so it lost power so I took it apart . The spring was kinked badly , the plastic spring guide trashed , leather seal was destroyed , plastic under seal cracked , and the piston head cracked at the weld . Also
 I tried this item on both my regular and mini UCO lanterns . To be honest , the focusing of light was n't that great . When I set both lanterns about 8 or 10 feet from a wall I could see a little extra light being directed with the reflector but I ca n't say that it would help in seeing better . I think I could have gotten the same results with aluminum foil . Sorry OCO , but this one did n't do it for me .
 The Backside Anti-pil Fleece Sleeping Bag has a very strong acrid chemical smell that remains even after five consecutive washings . Had to return two of these colorful but not so soft fleece bags . Poor stitching on one of the units .
 I do n't have any idea how this product ever passed quality control for the American market . If I could give it a MINUS star rating I would.I bought this Fleece Sleeping Bag by TheBackside.com last night at Costco for $ 15.99 . There was an overwhelming petroleum-like smell upon taking it out of its plastic zip sack . Nontheless , I thought that might clear with exposure to air and decided to give it a try . Although the company is based in Utah , this item is made in China where quality control and attention to consumer health & safety leaves a LOT to be desired . I could n't even bear to sleep in this thing for more than a couple hours before getting a headache . The stench did NOT clear and I started to get a sore throat from inhaling it . Felt like trying to sleep next to an open gasoline can.After reading the other user review report that said the stench did not clear after five washings , I decided not to bother . The smell permeates the air and contaminates other fabric it comes in contact with . This product is literally making me sick . I can only imagine what it would do to anyone with allergies or respiratory problems . It is a MAJOR FAIL and is going back to Costco tomorrow.It 's not worth getting sick for any amount of ` savings ' . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I bought these for my dog . They do n't bounce worth a dang . The ball material inside is darker and it made a dead sound on bouncing . The dog , a dachshund , tore them apart in minutes . What a waste of money . Back to the good ones !
 I agree with the other reviewer that the Equator is nice and sturdy , and easy to assemble . We 've had ours for one year , and are coming up on the warranty expiry in August.The thin aluminum top has begun to separate from the base in two spots , and probably more . This is the playing surface . The table now has two large dead spots where the ball will not bounce , at all.We take good care of the table . Although it is outside all summer -LRB- we live in Massachusetts -RRB- , we keep it covered at night , and whenever we sense rain is coming.We have just submitted a warranty claim with Escalade Sports , the exclusive US distributor for Stiga tables , and will see what happens . I will update the review when I get a response from them.The warranty is `` limited '' , and may not cover return shipping . As you can guess , this will be a hassle , and may run to $ 100 or more to get the table back to them . I bought this table from Amazon.com LLC.I do n't know this , but I suspect this de-lamination problem may occur in all Stiga outdoor tables , which have thin aluminum tops that are glued to the base .
 Size was too small . I ordered the size I have bought in similar suits yet this one was very small . I had to return it .
 This swimsuit has faded completely after 2 weeks of wear . I am very unhappy with the wear and would not suggest anyone buying it . I have been swimming for 20 years and never had a suit fade this badly !
 I go to the indoor pool at least 3 times a week . Needed to find an inexpensive suit , because the chlorine fades them a lot . When I got the suit , I was satisfied with the color , but trying it on I found it uncomfortable . The size I ordered was not the size of what I expected . Their size chart is wrong , order bigger .
 I dont remember what size i bought but it was too small . I will create a video to show you how small it was .
 i ordered a large swimsuit and guess what ? they sent an XS swimsuit . there is no way i will fit into this . 1 star . wouldve been 0 if possible
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 I would not recommend this brush to anyone . As soon as I got it I ran it through my own hair and the pins just crumbled out of the brush . If it does that for my hair how is it going to handle horse hair !!?? It just has completely disintegrated after using it on my own hair about three times . Completely worthless !!!
 I bought these for my dog . Within 5 minutes he had chewed through them . They are too soft and heavy . Definitely not like the original pink balls
 These are NOT like the original pinkies . They are solid foam and hard.They stink . There is a horrible strong chemical smell ... presumably mostly from the ink used for the large logo ... and they have a greasy feel . I scrubbed off the ink with some liquid pumice hand cleaner , soaked them in strong detergent , and still ca n't get rid of the odor.I bought them for my dog . Even with the stink somewhat reduced , he wo n't go near a ball ... backs away from it . If I had n't been able to get the ink off and the smell somewhat reduced , I would n't have given him one in the first place ... that is so toxic smelling.I 'll be donating these ... since they 're clean , I guess it wo n't harm children to play with them.I 'll go order the more expensive Spaldings now .
 As others have written , they are slightly smaller than the `` real '' Pinkys , they are slightly `` dead , '' but worst of all the pink outer color comes off with use . The balls become a dull greenish gray . These are made in China . I use them for throwing with the dog , and with all of the reports of Chinese toys using lead-based paint I have stopped using them and will throw the remaining 10 balls away . I ca n't afford the possibility of lead poisoning my dog .
 These are not as `` high bounce '' as are the other pinky balls - ca n't recommend them , as they are a little `` dead '' .
 I bought these balls because I thought they 'd be small enough for foot therapy . They are not.I took one out of the bag and it smelled , like gasoline . I 've left the one out of the bag to see if the smell would disapate.It did not . So far it 's been 36 hours and it still has a strong gasoline smell . I checked the package to see what theywere made of to make them smell that way but could n't find any information except that they were made by a companyin China . Since I ca n't use them I was going to give them to my granddaughter to take to daycare to share with her classmatesbut I 'm worried these are n't safe for children ... or pets.I 'm going to give the one another 24 hrs to see if the smell goes away . If I ca n't send them back , I will probably just throwthem away . I sure do n't want to make any children or pets sick .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 The seat may , indeed , reduce coccyx pain -LRB- tail bone pain -RRB- - but I will never know . It was so uncomfortable and made peddling so difficult -LRB- I used it for about 25 miles in various seat adjustments -RRB- that I will not use it again . The fairly rigid and level surface of the two pads mean you need to lower you seat post several inches or face serious pain the back of your thighs from the fronts of the two pads . Lowering the seat , of course , especially when compounded by a seat that moves with your leg motion -LRB- each pad moves a few degrees up and down as you peddle -RRB- increased the work needed to peddle - and not just by a small amount . My wife and I both bike commute , and I usually pace myself by her . With this seat , she ended up slowing down for me - and all the time I 'm working much harder . I arrived exhausted and was still feeling overstressed muscle soreness the next day . This is the low end of the company 's three product versions , but I have a hard time wanting to risk the money of the other two .
 I had one of these a few years back . I attached it to a stationary bike in my fitness room to make grinding out the miles less painfull on my private parts . To some extent it worked , but the seat was never comfortable.For what it 's worth , last year I tried a Moon Saddle -LRB- google it -RRB- from New Concepts . This saddle fit has the support in all the right places and enabled me to increase my saddle time to several hours on day one . I 've installed these on both my bicycles and enjoyed about 700 miles of riding during the 2nd half of last summer . I no longer experience numbness down south.If this one does n't do the trick for you , check out the competition .
 It 's like I would imagine sitting on an upside down barstool would feel . I returned it . That is the good thing about Amazon , you do n't have to pay in the end -LRB- double entendre ? -RRB- for trying an unseen product .
 It is hard to believe that a company that endeavours to design ergonomic bike saddles manages to spend time and money in R&D ; and ends up developing a medieval torture device . Well , let 's go straight to the point : Pro
 I really wanted to like this seat . I road it several times over several days for a total of about 50 miles ! The pains in my posterior kept increasing until I could not push myself to ride it anymore . My hips also began to hurt . If this was the only seat in the world I would quit bike riding.The Hobson seat is fairly creative in design , and contrary to other reviews , it seemed to me to be fairly well made . I had no major issues with the quality of materials or workmanship . The seat is also pretty light weight , and it looks sort of neat . The problem for me was my sit bones -LRB- or the muscles/fat that covers them -RRB- just plain hurt on this seat . I made sure that I was positioned just right within the depressions in the pads . I tried repositioning , adjusting and readjusting 20 times or more . I tried sitting more forward , and more back , and more upright , and lower , and higher , and everything in between , but nothing helped . I even gave my bottom time to heal somewhat between rides , but it quickly remembered what had caused it so much pain 2 days before.So far this is the worst seat I 've ever used . Had to send it back . I previously tried the Ergo Ultimate nose-less seat , and although I ended up returning it , it was much closer to being comfortable than this one.For reference I am a 58 year old male , a little over 5 ' 8 '' tall , and about 170 lbs . People with different anatomies might have a better experience , although its hard for me to imagine how.I gave this Hobson 2 stars for innovation , even though my bottom is screaming `` 0 stars '' !!! Maybe their other seats are better -LRB- or so I would hope -RRB- .
 This item is make with chip materials . It 's not easyseat ergonomical . Este producto esta realizado con materiales baratos que se da & ntilde ; aron al momento de instalar . No es comodo , ni ergonomico .
 I did not like this saddle . I could n't find a way to be comfortable when riding with this seat . Also , better wear a jock . When you go over bumps it feels like they might fall off ! - Ken
 this bike seat felt very weird and uncomfortable . I think it is built for fat people . It is not easy to get used to
 If I could , I 'd give zero stars for this horrid thing . Save your money and just strap a 2x4 on your seat-post
 Some background info
 As someone that has fought my weight from time to time , and started having symptoms of saddle related health issues I purchased this seat . It is really cheaply made , and poorly designed . The plastic does not support that well , and constantly moves and flexes slightly . The biggest design issue is the seat is too long front to back . The hornless seat I ended up liking was short enough that my hip bones can rest comfortably on the seat , and the front does not extent past the crease that separates the top of your leg and your sitting area.There are some good hornless designs on the market that are really well made . This one is not.Just for reference our family of four has 7 different bicycles , a very nice two child trailer , and tag along tandem attachment in the garage that we ride regularly .
 This went into the trash after the first time I used it . Sitting on it for any length of time was an ordeal of pain . I found myself spending more time adjusting this thing to make it bearable than actually riding , which was aggravating and exhausting . A total waste of money . Do n't bother .
 This seat will surely preserve your prostate ... and your manhood , but at the cost of your hip bone.I just bought 2 seats from a local shop , one for me and one for my son.The seats were setup properly -LRB- with quite some angle downwards towards the front wheel , to allow up and down movements of the legs -RRB- . The ride from school back home is about 11km -LRB- 6.8 miles -RRB- , it 's a smooth ride , and I have a real comfortable beach cruiser bike with under-inflated huge tires which work better than the best bike suspensions I 've ever tried.Well , we were BOTH SCREAMING WITH PAIN when we arrived home.Another subsidiary problem , you will usually balance yourself quite easily with a fixed seat , because the upper part of your body is well connected to the frame and applies constant fine corrections of the balance . This is not the case with an articulated seat -LRB- and I guess it must be pretty much the same with most other seats of that type -RRB- . So , with an articulated seat , it is hard to keep a precise balance unless you 're already used to negotiate difficulties while standing on your pedals and not being seated anymore.These seat really need a couple of upgrades before they can be sold :1 st
 I chose the seat following prostate survery , was the less comfortable than I anticipated . Went through a local bike shop and tried the Adamo bike saddle which is more comfortable and I would recommend the Adamo to anyone over the Easyseat .
 Could not get comfortable using this seat . The was set put too much pressure on legs and never felt right .
 My husband bought this seat for me because I have a tail bone that bruises easily , causing me to need cortisone shots.I did n't want to give up riding , since I love it.The seat did take the pressure off my tail bone , but it is so hard and uncomfortable my hip bones were killing me.It has no springs to cushion bumps , which after a while became painful.The movement did not bother me , but you must sit in one position on the seat or it is uncomfortable.If you do move , it took awhile to get back into a comfortable position again.It seems people bought this seat for different problems , which would account for some being happy with it.I have n't decided if I want to try to jerry rig it with padding or just change seats .
 I 've had this seat for a month now . It 's a little odd at first but it did n't take me long to adjust to the ride . I did n't have any trouble with the balance . With no nose , zero pressure on the perineum which is nice but in the end it 's an inexpensive plastic seat . Very hard . I rode about 5 miles around town yesterday and very sore tailbones today . I 'm searching for an upgrade now . Something that wo n't leave my tailbones sore .
 I really thought this seat was going to work since I adjusted the Hobson seat over and over again until it felt really good over the weekend on short distances . I am a long distance commute bicylist who ride 200 miles a week or 20 miles one way to work . The lack of control did not bother me since I have been riding for 40 years so I knew how to adjust for it . When I got to work , I felt a slight numbness but I dismissed it as adjustment to a new seat . However , when I rode back , pain started at my hip bones . The Hobson seats flexes which is good but the seat is medium hard . At the end of the ride home , the pain was bad enough for me to move my hip bones off the seat and place the seats under my thighs.My previous seat was the Bell Gel Tech Ultimate Comfort Seat which had gel padding and springs to cushion my hips . The Hobson seat does have some padding but it is not enough padding for me . The Hobson seat also do not have any springs like the Bell Gel Tech Ultimate Comfort Seat . I adjusted the Hobson seat again which did not improve my situation so I ended up returning it.This seat may work for other bicyclists who have stronger hip bones than mine or bicyclists who ride shorter distances . I ended up going back to my Bell Gel Tech Ultimate Comfort Seat but I pointed the horn downward to relieve the pressure from perineal area . If they redesigned the Hobson Easy Seat with support springs and more padding to cushion my hip bones , I will probably buy one .
 This seat was 12 miles of absolute agony . Both seat halves wobulate as the ad info says but increased the effort considerably . I normally ride about 30 miles a day with a cushioned seat and thought the Hobson seat would be better for me . Maybe for others but not me . I could not maintain a solid seat which worked my body much harder.My rides have been much very pleasurable before this seat . I did try a couple much shorter rides first but was not sure I would like the seat . Sorry Hobson .
 I returned my easy seat . I did not find it comfortable and supportive , just felt like I would fall off the bike .
 Ca n't get comfortable with this seat . Adjusted the seat in many positions , and it either hurts or uncomfortable , the seat moves around when riding , not safe .
 The seat is as it looks , but that 's just a picture . Not very soft , only a short distance to adjust width , and must order an adapter piece -LRB- not mentioned to begin with -RRB- at an additonal cost to put the seat on most bicycles . Not worth the money , not even ergonomic , kind of a rip-off .
 I was very excited to receive this seat after reading the reviews . I realized that it was going to take some adjustment to make it work and after several tries found a position that seemed to work . I then went on a 20 mile ride which turned out to be a very painful experience . I could n't wait to get home and remove the seat ! The hornless seat did take the pressure off the groin area but the seat had no padding and was like riding on a rock . It is a good idea but has some bad flaws . I purchased a Schwinn Stress Free Bike Seat , wow what comfort !
 Could n't really adjust the seat the way I wanted , and was n't comfortable to seat on . I ended up returning it
 I have nerver had such a had seat to sit on in my life , and we did not get all the parts with it our bikes are older and so we had to buy a piece to put on the seat to beable to to get it to work so we can only use one seat until we can get another part
 I ordered the Easy Seat and used it for several days . If one is only interested in easing pressure on the nerves and arteries of the perineum , then one can be reasonably satisfied , for the product certainly accomplishes this.Early on however , it became apparent that if one removes one 's hands from the handlebars , especially while peddling , it is nearly impossible to balance the bike . Apparently , one needs to apply subtle pressure through the inner thighs to the horn of the saddle in order to maintain balance . Of course , the Easy Seat has no horn . In addition , no matter how tightly I fastened the thumb screws to separate the pads , they would invariably come together . I am convenced that the osillating motion of the pads as one peddles and the friction this generates requires more effort from the rider to propel the bike.I have retired the Easy Seat and replaced it with a split saddle which seems to solve the perineal pressure problem . What looked good on paper proved a disappointment in practice .
 The `` Easyseat '' was so uncomfortable I had to go back to my old standard seat . Yes , it took pressure off of the groin area . However , the seat has two serious design flaws.First , the pads are built so that they dig into your thighs -LRB- they should be sloped in and in the other direction -RRB- . Second , the seat rocks as you move . It is slight -- maybe 10 degrees or so -- but very irritating . I commute in city traffic . Concentration is key . The rocking of the seat made it impossible to focus on what was around me.This seat is , alas , going to be trashed .
 I bought this , although I ca n't tell if it 's the same manufacturer , which is listed as Hobson . To their credit , they answered my phone call to their 800 number , which is why I rate it 2 stars , and not one.The first problem is that there are no markings for left/right . So , once you get it mounted , you will think something is probably wrong as the pads in the front turn out and thereby dig into your thigh . A little L/R would not have been too much to ask.The second problem is that once you have correctly setup -LRB- I needed the 800 call to be certain I had it right -RRB- it wobbles forward and back about 5-10 degrees . Lean forward a bit , and it lurches forward -LRB- well , more like down , as though you had not tightened the hex bolt that is used to adjust the forward/back lean -RRB- . If I had been riding at 20mph , I might have lost my balance.The third problem , which I can only surmise , since I 'm getting rid of this , is that the seat will probably break after a few lurches since all the parts that hold this to the rails are made of flexible plastic that seems sure to break loose.Well , they do say a 30 day return policy , but since in my case I got it for $ 21 plus $ 7 shipping , I would think all I could recover after paying freight back would not be worth the effort . So , in the dumpster it goes .
 The theory behind this seat is sound
 I am a 120lb female and I purchased this seat for my Trek bike . It was easy to put on , but this seat requires some major adjusting ! I mean both physical adjusting and mental adjusting . For one , there is no central horn on ths seat so if you are used to relying on that to help you keep your balance -LRB- especially when pedaling in the standing position -RRB- forget it , you have to figure out a new way . The two pads can be adjusted independantly of each other , either forward or back . The more forward they are , the farther they tilt up in front , and the more back they are the more they tilt down in front . They can also be adjusted somewhat to vary the space in between them , which I thought was a nice feature . Once they are adjusted , the seats still move slightly so I find myself constantly adjusting my position on the seat while riding . Also , the pads themselves are very very hard . I came back from an 8-mile ride on a packed gravel road with bruises on my butt where my pelvic bones were under constant pressure and banged on , due to the lack of suspension in this seat . I also had to readjust the seat twice during my ride because it just became too painful . But it seemed like no matter what I did , the pads just could n't be made more comfortable . When I got home , my husband noticed red areas on my fanny which by the next day were ugly bruises . This seat is useless to me as it causes great pain . I would n't recommend that anyone who rides more than a mile or two waste their money on this seat .
 The cushions move too much . They rotate such that the front of the seat can move 1 inch up and down . This seems to be the way it was manufactured , but it makes the whole thing very uncomfortable as there is no way to find a good position on it . Or maybe the one I got it messed up ?
 After installing a Hobson Seat on my LandRider bicycle , and taking it out for 3 rides on flat , easy surfaces , the seat broke . There was no warning , as the left pad fell into the muddy ditch . Bluntly , I was all but buggered by my own seat post . Of course , I was past the 30-day warranty . I am an experienced , recreational rider , 69 years old , 6 ' 6 '' tall and 250 lbs . weight . This saddle may be just the thing for a small person of average weight , dressed in skin-tight racing duds , riding hunched down over a set of dropped handlebars . For the average street and trail-riding cyclist , I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT - save your money and buy something else .
 First and foremost , I am 6 ft 1 in tall on a large frame . I am over weight not obese . I really think this seat was made for someone of a smaller statue . It did work in getting rid of the numbness in my crotch , however it only lasted three bike rides . Your butt bone rest on two little dimples in the seats . That is what keeps you from sliding off . The seat itself is hard and a bit uncomfortable , but not intolerable . Each pad will adjust from side to side with a thumb screw holding it in place . The problem is the whole pad is kept from sliding off by a plastic plug on the end . Guess what comes out with not too much pressure . Being big as I am , the seat quickly fell apart on me . Someone of a smaller frame might have a better run at it . Anyway the principle works , no pressure in the crotch area mean no numbness . I am giving it two stars for working but nothing more because of the bad design .
 This is suppose to be one of the best , however it fell apart three times my first one mile ride . The attachment for the seat to the bike is made of plastic with very small thumb turn screws to hold the seat to the frame . Three times the right seat fell off onto the road and the last time almost got hit by a car trying to retrieve the parts . Very poor design and may be some major liability there with this product.By the way , I tightened the thumb screws as tight as possible and within 10 minutes the right side -LRB- and parts -RRB- fell to the road.You should come up with something safer as I hurt myself when the seat fell off before I finally had to walk the bike home .
 This was a major disappointment . It was even more uncomfortable than the original saddle . Struggled to stay on it , because it kept moving and I kept slipping off . Also , was n't very easy to install .
 I am a big guy 5 ' 10 '' 270lbs I am obviously pushing this seat past its limits but would be hard pressed to say who would not push its limits.This seat fell apart while riding down street , other than the heavy duty mounting bracket the rest of the seat is made of some pretty flimsy plastic . The retaining clamps are so poorly made they allow the seat sections to slide off the mount . It is a OK idea and would take some getting used to but not built well enough to get to the end of the driveway .
 I 've been looking -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- for a comfortable seat that relieves pressure on sensitive areas . The Hobson Easyseat is the latest one I 've tried . While it does relieve pressure , it is so uncomfortable that it makes bicycling torture . I tried adjusting this seat every way possible - moved it up , moved it down , moved the pads from side to side , tilted up , tilted back , no tilt - and no matter what I did it was uncomfortable . I tried it for 3 , twelve mile rides and it got to the point where I can no longer bear the thought of riding with this saddle again . I had to constantly change my position in a futile attempt at finding a comfortable `` sweet spot '' . Occasionally I would find a half way comfortable position but it would only last for a few minutes . This seat takes all the fun out of bicycling . I can not understand the many positive reviews here . My search for a decent split saddle seat will continue .
 I took one ride on the seat and took it right off . If I had to use one of these , I would rather not ride at all . It 's very uncomfortable and you feel like you are going to fall off .
 Purchased this seat to relieve pressure on prostate and that it did but it was very hard to adjust properly and never felt very comfortable so I returned it . Pressure is all concentrated on your `` sit '' bones in your butt and can be difficult to accept . I returned to my old split center bike seat and adjusted the angle downward more and prefer it to the Hobson . Wish I could have rated it higher but I just could n't find any comfort it using it .
 This seat might work to relieve pressure on the sit points except for it being hinged and each pad being free to move independently . The movement is disorienting and causes difficulty finding center after the many `` get-ups '' during a ride .
 I 'm 6 ' 2 ' and 192 pounds ; average 15-25 mile rides ; rides are up/down with some pretty steep hills with some flat spots ; have a Trek hybrid ; rides are 80/20 -LRB- road/trails -RRB- ; hitting 50 ; and am in good shape . Like all other bikers I experience the usual backside complaints , but nothing severe . Nevertheless , after a few years of biking , why not try to eliminate the discomfort ? The Hobson concept seemed like an answer so thought I 'd give it a shot . I realized the different seat functionality would require getting used to , but it just did n't happen - wide/narrow ; forward/back ; high post/low post . I just could n't get the seat adjusted to where I could ride in comfort . I cut my first ride short at 5 miles because of various pains -LRB- more below on this -RRB- . The next day after 10 miles I could n't wait to get the ride over with because of discomfort.One problem I had with the seat was that when I sat my butt in the concave sections of the pads I had to lean more forward than I normally bike which put more pressure on my hands to keep from falling out of the seat . This resulted in bilateral elbow numbness . However , if I tilted the seat back -LRB- with my butt in the concave sections -RRB- then my hamstring circulation was cut-off which also resulted in numbness . My solution to the ` falling forward ' problem was to sit out of the concave section with my butt over the pads . You probably know the result - hamstring numbness . Further , adjusting the seat height down resulted in my not being able to extend my legs straight resulting in uncomfortable peddling . If the elbow numbness , hamstring numbness , knee pain were n't enough , my lower back was even sore!As you 've read from other reviews this seat works for some people ; however , if you have body dimensions similar to mine , buyer beware ! Good luck in finding a good saddle .
 The unit seems to be well made , but the mechanism that the two saddles ride on are under-engineered . There are two small thumbscrews used to secure the seat position , and the do not keep the seats positioned as set.I set the two saddles for a spacing comfortable for me , but after riding only a few yards , the seats had drifted tightly together , which nullifies their rocking capability.I tried many times , trying to tighten them as hard as possible , but the seats always moved tightly together .
 I like the others did not read the reviews on this item and bought it because of the name ... . BIG MISTAKE ... ok like ED said you really should be worried about static electricity with this product as it is not made out of polymer , so be carful and use some common sense . I would recomend buying the RCBSRCBS Powder Tricklerbecause at least it is metal . Also no where does it say this product is made out of plastic !!!!!
 didnt realize it was plastic do n't know if I have to worry about static electricity or not will probably never use it
 This requires both hands to operate . It trickles just fine , I 'm just not sure I know why it was as expensive as it was considering my kids get better stuff for 25cents out of the toy machines at pizza hut .
 This is a great idea - about as cheaply made as possible . Under normal use it comes apart easily . Sort of works if you are ridiculously careful to keep it together .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 This is a nice knife . I use it as a backup to my Gerber 45871 AR 3.50 . It 's a little bigger than the Gerber -LRB- wider blade and body -RRB- but has the same blade length . My only complaint is that the locking mechanism is quite thin and flimsy -LRB- half as thick as the Gerber -RRB- . Update
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 I was very disappointed to find that this vest was n't the same thickness I have purchased in the past . I ca n't imagine this layer will be able to really keep me that much warmer as it 's intended . What happened to the Columbia quality of old ? My husband also received a vest for Christmas , and we were equally disappointed with that one for the same reason . His vest that I bought him 4 years ago is much thicker -LRB- aka much warmer to wear in below freezing temps -RRB- . We were very disappointed .
 I was really looking forward to this video because I had to cut back on impact due to soreness in my knees . I thought less jumping would be better . I found this video to be far worse on my knees than jumping . The discs are more work on my knees and the video is primarily using discs and lunges . I would be better off with a higher impact than this to help save my knees .
 This table was not as advertised . The `` padding '' on the underside was just some lick-and-stick small foam fingers that would not hold up . There were several screws missing from the supports which could not be replaced into the particle board . The stiffeners were very flimsy . The whole table seemed like it would not last at all . We returned it unused . Note to Amazon
 This product is MDF and comes in two pieces . One person can put it on and off , though it 's a little awkward because of it 's size -RRB- . It ships face on face with a thin strip -LRB- 1/64 '' -RRB- of foam around the edges so when you get it it will be marred and chipped -LRB- the two face pieces are basically rubbed against themselves all the way to your house . Where the two pieces join in the middle -LRB- after you place them on your table is unfinished . I 'm not sure why . I have a $ 12,000 billiard table and I WOULD NOT put this on my table without first putting a blanket on the billiard table . You are just asking for your table to be scratched . I sent mine back .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 The rubber ball pickup did not fit over my putter . The units had an open that was too small for my club . I tried to split the sides and then tape it on . This worked for a little while both then came loose . Also it was hard to get the rubber ball pickup into my golf bag . The cost is very reasonable so I just threw it away .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 I bought these things because I really hate silverfish in my apartment . Before I used them I only found silverfish in my bathroom . At first I put a big one -LRB- for large room -RRB- in the living room and one week later I found a silverfish on the wall just 1 foot distance from this repeller . After that I got two for medium room and I put one in my bedroom and one in my bathroom . Several weeks later I found one silverfish in my bedroom -LRB- near the repeller -RRB- then I thought these things might be pest attractors . So I unplugged the one in my bedroom and put it in the kitchen . But I still found silverfish in my bedroom and bathroom , and living room , but no one in the kitchen until now . Hmm , now I think these stupid things are just night lights .
 The product info says that cats and dogs can not hear the noise this device puts out , but that was not the case with our cat . After plugging this in for a few hours downstairs we found our cat hiding upstairs with his ears back looking like he was in pain . He would not come downstairs until we unplugged the devices . We have not plugged them in since .
 This product was purchased to eliminate -LRB- i.e.
 Well , these devices did n't totally get rid of our little rodent roommates , but with these plugged up in my room , I knew they would stay away . To make a long story short , I wanted to get an exterminator but my roommate did n't , so I figured this would be the best way to keep them out of my area .
 I would not recommend this to anyone . It made no difference at all with getting rid of mice or spiders or anything else for that matter . Do n't waste your money . I wish I had n't .
 Where I live , we have a lot of spiders -LRB- and their webs -RRB- . Put four of these in spots around the condo , there was a slight decrease in spider activity but nothing fantastic as I think it could be contributed to temperature change . I bought these in Sept/Oct so I 'll reserve final judgment until the Spring . If you have a few extra dollars , buy these , if not - just kill the bugs yourself .
 I live in the foothills of the smokies , so I thought I would try it and to my surprise I have had a spider make a web near it and killed a brown recluse lastnight . Hate spiders especially those kind , saw a wood roach on my drape I ca n't figure out if it is drawing them near it as it looks or they are trying to leave by way of the front door , where it is .
 I loved the idea . Wow , plug this thing in and scare away your pests . I read the directions , did everything it said and still saw spiders and an occasional wood roach from outside . I hate wood roaches and have been trying everything I can to make my house less attractive for them . I guess I will try some professional stuff now along with some dicotamous earth -LRB- spelling ? -RRB-
 It does not appear to get rid of pests ! It 's nothing more than an expensive nightlight !
 I live in a apt in nyc , so roaches are very common problem . After a long battle I finally got rid of the roaches in my place , but I can not escape the bugs visiting from other apartments . I thought this device could help with that problem . Also , I do n't like to use the spray too often or have all the baits , gels , and other poisons around , so I decided to try these things . Unfortunately , they do n't work . The first week I bought them I saw a big roach crawl under the door and walk directly under the repeller straight to the dining room . The ultrasonic frequency did nothing to it . Instead of this repeller I use Limonel -LRB- orange peel oil -RRB- is a safe alternative to use when children are present , and it does repell and kill the bugs.So , how to get rid of roaches ? Seal every crack nook and cranny with expansive foam , wood sealer , etc. . Mine came in through the bathroom and kitchen vents , so I put mosquito screens to block their way in , also I sealed the gaps between the wall and the electrical outlets in the apt with silicone and I bought a plastic stripe that closes the gap between the door and the floor . Also , my husband sprays once every 4 months with repellent . Good luck !
 We are trying to eliminate roaches . I saw -LRB- and crushed -RRB- one on my counter , less than a foot away from where this thing was plugged in . It does n't work .
 The only reason I gave it a star at all is that I could n't post unless I did . I would actually give it MINUS 3 stars ! I bought a 5 pack of these , hoping they would keep the bugs outside . Instead , they gave the bugs a place to live . They crawl into the slots . At least I know where they are when I get out the bug spray . Worthless waste of money !!! They DO NOT WORK !
 I bought it specifically for roaches . So far it has n't fazed them . I get a huge one caught in the sink every day . Same as before installing the things.Since there are also rats , and mice in the area , and I have had mice b4 , I 'll let them use the electric till they burn out . But If I do see a mouse or rat again -LSB- have n't seen a rat in years , or a mouse in months -RSB- , I 'll just scrap these , I 've never used a night light before , and I have to wonder if they are n't actually burning as I do smell what seems to be wiring burning since plugging these in . The kitchen one is actually warm.Not for roaches.Wrote this a year ago . it 's also useless on mice . Fortunately my mouse traps still work . Peanut butter on the tongue is still the best bait .
 I bought this product because I have spiders in my bedroom but after I pluged it in my cats went after it . He tried to pull it out of the wall , even though the package says it does not harm cats or dogs , cats can hear it and at least mine does not like the sound .
 I am not sure if it works , i have 4 of them plus a huge one and i still have lots of spiders and one spider actually made a home right next to the big one .
 It is premature to see if this works but I plugged the unit into the Lanai -LRB- what you call a back porch -RRB- . I was walking around when I noticed a large spider less than 2 feet from the repeller weaving a web . Not exactly working , as of yet , eh?I will give more feedback when I have long term experience . For now , it 's a little hokey.UPDATE : It 's not effective . Too bad I can not return it . I hired Terminix to use good old chemicals.At least it doubles as a nightlight . That 's all it 's good for .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 It does not work ... for whatever reason . be it that the mice are immune to these specific ones or b 'cause the idea itself is flop.i have two of them . . one on the counter and one near the place i suspect mouse entry . It does not stop them in anyway .
 My husband and I bought a new-to-us home a few weeks ago and unfortunately it was not unoccupied . After being vacant for around a year , we found cockroaches , spiders , ants , and other bugs had moved in . After fogging , multiple spraying with bug spray -LRB- professional and diy -RRB- , and traps we decided this ultrasonic product was next on the list . It was important that we used products that would not harm out 16 month old son so we figured , against my better judgement , to try it . This has not worked . I have found roaches near the unit and they do not seem to mind its pressence . I am now trying good old fashion borax , so far it seems to kill them but we still have roaches , although there has been a huge reduction . No thanks to the Black and Decker Ultrasonic Pest Repeller . For the amount of money that these cost there should be some result for the pests they mention and I feel this is outright false advertisement . The concept seems like it may deter rodents which is the only reason they are still plugged in because our neighbor said she saw a rat . Otherwise I do not recommend this product
 ARGGHH I feel like such a idiot . I fell for it and thought it would work . If only HOPE were enough to drive the bugs out . I bet all the big companies would try to bottle hope and sell it , it would work just as well as this thing ! I have 5 all going in my > 700sq ft condo . I 've seen bugs crawling right ON it . Centipedes -LRB- Scolopendra heros -RRB- within feet of it . And what the hell !? Are n't centipedes from the jungle or somthing ? I ca n't believe it . I oughta sue , false advertising ! They should n't get away with it because I need my $ 30 bucks back more than they do , I guarantee it ! Black and Decker can make wimpy hand drills somewhat well , and NOTHING MORE . ARRGGHHH !!!
 I bought this product no long ago . It never works . Mice still jump around , and even make noise . I call the company . They do n't have technical report . The product manual says , once mice get used to the ultrasound , it will not work . I never heard about this from other company . This company is very bad .
 I waited a few months before writing my review on this product since it is very difficult to evaluate whether it is working . However , I have come to the conclusion that it is not.We had an infestation of brown recluse spiders . I contacted a spider researcher at KU and brought him a specimen to verify this . I asked him about his opinion on the sonic devices and he said that he really doubted that they worked . Despite his opinion , I thought I would give them a try myself because they have received many positive reviews.Since I had been capturing brown recluses to show to the spider researcher , I had one in a jar when we bought the sonic devices . Since they are supposed to repel spiders , I expected , if I put the spider in the jar close to the sonic device , the spider would react negatively somehow , such as crawling away from it . However , when I put the jar next to the activated sonic device , the spider did not react at all . It did nothing . I even tilted the jar so that the high-pitched sound would enter the jar . No effect . Despite this , I suspected that maybe the glass of the jar blocked the sound somehow . So I gave it a few more months.We continued to have spiders in our house . However , there were less than usual . This could have been -LRB- and looking back probably was -RRB- because we had taken other measures for killing them . I hunted for and killed them every week . We also laid down tape for them to get stuck on , which captured a few . But I thought that the lower numbers might be because of the sonic devices , so I recommended some to my parents who also had brown recluse.They bought some -LRB- though they were a different brand -RRB- . But today , I just killed a brown recluse within 5 inches of one of my parent 's sonic devices . And my girlfriend just reminded me that about a month ago I killed one within about 2 feet of one of * our * sonic devices which are the brand mentioned above . So what this means is that at least some of these devices do n't work on brown recluse . And at worse , none of them work.If you want to sucessfully survive brown recluse , here is how you do it -LRB- this advice comes from several spider experts who I have spoken to or read articles from since we first contracted this problem -RRB- : - Shake out your clothes and your towels before you use/wear them ; most bites occur in unchecked clothing - Kill every spider you see ; as happened in our case , this will likely cause their numbers to dwindle - If you own your home , seal up cracks that lead outside and to the inner walls - Lay down duct tape sticky side up or buy the spider traps of the same designSpiders do not respond to insecticides and in fact insecticides make it easier for brown recluse to find food . This is because the insecticides kill the insects . This makes them trivially easy for the brown recluse to find and devour . Unlike many spiders , brown recluse will eat almost anything , including dead bugs . And even if you eliminate all of the insects completely , brown recluse can go for months without food . Unless you seal your home and fill it with powerful nerve gases that kill any living creature -LRB- which has been done -RRB- , you are wasting your money on insecticides.Now my family has told me that the sonic devices are effective for mice . And other reviewers have said they work on things like roaches . But they do not work for the brown recluse spiders which plague the mid-west and they may not work on spiders in general.If you have brown recluse , just be careful and kill them yourself . You will likely lower their numbers.And do n't kill web spiders
 Sorry to say this is not good for pets like it says . My poor two cats as soon as I plugged them in they went running to a room that did not have them and would not come out . Please do not get if you have cats .
 I had mice in my basement so I bought 4 of them . 2 for the basement and 2 for the kitchen . NOW I have mice in my kitchen too . They LOVE the Ultrasonic Pest Repeller . I plugged it in on the countertop and the next day there were mouse droppings on the countertop . I wish I saw the first review before I wasted my money .
 Do n't waste your money -- the roaches sit ON the device -LRB- yes , it 's plugged in -RRB- . Ants crawl right past it . I have n't seen any flying monkeys in the kitchen , so maybe it works for them -LRB- but wait ... I 've never seen flying monkeys in the kitchen ... hmmm -RRB- .
 Okay here is my indepth review.I have little flies of some sort in my Hydroponic vegie greenhouse . I bought this seemingly easy little hunk of plastic to make a sound that 's only bothersome little animalsand bugs hear .4 days after purchase the little guys seem to be flying to the ultrasound . The jig and bop back and forth like they are dancing ... I bet they are dancing , making love and reproducing to the Ultrasonic waves!I killed more bugs inhaling while plugging this in my Green house.Rather then take it back I suggest you huck it at a Black & Decker Exec as the are robbing us telling us this thing works . On the box they site a study but do n't show it 's reference . When I called BD they said , `` We do n't know what study that info came from '' . They are hornswaggling us ! This is gon na be big like Enron ! Corporate Karma!Update - 7 days later . I really wanted to give this product a chance as I 'm lazy beyond belief and plugging stuff in is right up my alley . If I have to go buy Lady bugs or pest spray I 'm gon na be pissed.SOOOOOooooooo I bought 4 more and plugged them all in for 3 more days in my small greenhouse ... . not a damn thing happened . Actually I think it works like a rave and extascy for the flies . There are more of them now and they seem to be having much more fun!So in conclusion , This thing sucks more then the suckiest thing that ever sucked a suck . Only buy it if you need some extra plastic hanging from your outlets .
 If you have mice , get a cat . This product does absolutely nothing .
 Have had these for a couple years and have n't noticed a decrease in spiders or any other pests . In fact just today I noticed a spider had made its home beneath one .
 It said it was n't supposed to affect dogs or cats , but within a few days of plugging this thing in my dog would not go into our kitchen to eat or drink . She literally did n't eat for days . She started whining constantly . We thought she was sick ! But this morning , I had an a-ha moment and saw that thing in our kitchen . As soon as I unplugged that pest repeller , she stopped whining . I expect an empty food bowl when I get home . So I 'm sure this thing works on small pests , given what it did to my 50 lb dog . But I do not recommend if you have pets .
 I bought a similar model also released by Black & Decker from Walgreens recently . While I had my doubts as well as having read the handful of negative reviews here on Amazon I took the risk and bought it anyway . Long story short , three days after I installed the units in my apartment I still saw cockroaches crawling around . They did n't seem to be phased at all by the units . I returned the units yesterday and bought Combat roach motels instead ... at least those I know work .
 Only one of the two actually worked , because it arrived in the package broken ... However in saying that the one that does work is going good .
 These are `` silent '' to the human ear , and there is no volume control . just the LED indicator , so one really ca n't tell if they 're working , let alone repelling pests . I still saw mice four days after I plugged them in . Caveat emptor .
 Do not waste you time and money if you live in an apartment building . This product was ineffective in those areas.Black & Decker EX410-2P-TP1 Ultrasonic Pest Repeller , Medium Room
 Title of my review says it all . These things are a complete waste of money ; falsely advertised pieces of junk !
 Bought this to get rid of cockroaches . I did n't think it would work , but my cousin insists that the one she bought really works , and it 's Black and Decker , so with those two factors in mind , I took a chance on buying it . It . Does . Not . Work . Period . After a couple of months , it has made absolutely no difference in my kitchen . I give it one star because there 's no option for zero stars .
 We have a roach problem and the roaches seem to be as abundant as ever ! Junk .
 I installed 6 of these things throughout my small 2 bedroom house . Not only have the number of ants not gone down , I think they 've increased . It 's like an ant nightclub here , the ants are doing a conga line through the house ! A complete waste of money !
 We bought a set of Black & Decker Ultrasonic Pest Repellers to see if they would resolve a seasonal problem we have with critters in our 160 year old house . Since we live in a rural area in the Northeast , we get rodents looking for warm places when the weather turns cold . What could be better than in the walls of our Victorian style house ? It is somewhat disturbing to hear * whatever * they are running in the walls -LRB- we have never seen them in the house ; I guess the cats are doing their job -RRB- . I suspect it is mice and \ or squirrels . We did not want to use poisons because we did have something die in the wall a few years back and the stench made that room unusable for over two weeks.Sadly the Black & Decker devices did not work for us with this problem . We have never had much of an issue with other pests , so it * might * work on other things , but we really do n't have any way of knowing . One other note , our cats seem to be aware of the units but not overly bothered by them.Not recommended , at least for rodents .
 Well built -LRB- at first -RRB- . My daughter and her friends use the lounger all the time in our pool . I am ordering 2 more!Update
 I received 2 of the items and when I tried to inflate one of them I found that the foot part was not sealed at the seam . Since the product had been opened I called the manufacturer and was told that they no longer make that same model number so there was nothing that they could do because it was a model that was discontinued . They are however still making the same siesta lounge , but have given it a different model number . I did e-mail Sportsstuff and told them how unhappy I was that they do not stand behind their products and that I had owned a siesta lounge before and it lasted a long time and we had really enjoyed it but would not be buying any of their products again since they do not stand behind them and also did not like the mesh seat which in the previous one was canvas . So I would not recommend this to anyone even though one of them was fine .
 Bought two of these as they looked pretty much like a great floater Sevylor used to make , but discontinued . These are very difficult to fill with air , unless you have a very special pump and adapter - which is not provided and not mentioned when you purchase . The main air fill hole is over an inch in diameter , thus making it difficult to fill with a regular air hose hooked up to an air compressor . I jury rigged a device and was able to get it blown up without the special adapter . The problem now is that they both leak air and must be blown up on a daily basis . Other than that , the design is great and it is the best pool floater design I have ever come across . If only they did n't leak air ! BTW , the Sevylor floaters are still in use and work GREAT . I just wanted to add to my fleet - but I was n't looking for submarines !
 These chairs do n't last . I have 2 with the same problems . Mesh is coming away from the nylon cover AND we have repaired SEVERAL leaks in both chairs . Most of the leaks are in the seat/footrest . Contacted SportsStuff ... I was contacted by Greg who was RUDE . He told me they do n't have any in stock right now . -LRB- but they are selling them on their website . Stating also that they are in stock -RRB- He said IF they had them he would SELL me one . Never buying anything made by them again !! Their products are too expensive for them not to stand behind them .
 BEWARE ... This lounge would be PERFECT if it was build in better quality . Was used it VERY gently for no more than an hour for the first time -LRB- in our outdoor pool -RRB- and it tore at the seams where the cushion folds . For as much money as it was purchased for I feel it should be more durable .
 The tip of this baton looked exactly like the one I had 36 years ago when I was a majorette in high school . However , the dimples on each side of the shaft of the baton were so rough that they have actually cut me on several of my fingers . The batons that I twirled with years ago had smoothe dimples that would allow you to feel them and allow you to have a firm grip , but they would not stand up and cut you . If I had n't already thrown away the packaging I would have sent this one back .
 I purchased this item from Amazon -LRB- from Summit Sports -RRB- with free super saver shipping . It arrived , we filled it up . It didnt hold air . Summit sports said that I needed to handle the defect with the manufacturer , who in turn said I needed to ship this back to Minnesota -LRB- $ 25 ! -RRB- on my own dime . It took multiple emails/calls to Rave with my request to simply be a completely new tube . They ended up repairing it , which in my opinion , was the wrong thing to do , and they shipped it back for free . So my $ 100 end of the season deal on a tube became a $ 125 semi-new repaired tube . It still has yet to see the water as its now November !
 I had a problem with the chair after just using it twice . A rivet broke on the backrest and it slid down , puncturing the fabric , making the chair unusable . I have tried to contact Coleman via email on their website and have not recevied a response after 2 weeks . I called them on the phone and was on hold for over 15 minutes before giving up . Makes me wonder if all of their products are as shoddy as their customer service .
 I like the chair at first . The cooler pocket was a big hit . Then the chair snapped at the point where the bottom pieces cross and it is worthless .
 Bought this chair on-line . The 2nd time I used it the frame holding the back of the chair bent inward . I weigh less than 200 lbs . so it 's not like I was overweight for it . I 've had $ 10 chairs that never had that happen . It would of been a great chair if that would n't of happened . I 'm stuck with it and it would probably cost around $ 10 to send back , not worth it . These chairs are made in China so you can guess how sturdy they are . Coleman buys a lot from China leaving me to not want to contribute to there products .
 It is a comfortable chair for the it 's primary design . After reading the warranty , my taste for Lawyers has been reinvested . Basically any chance for Coleman too be Green is lost . The warranty basically uses pages to inform you it has NO warranty . You are on your own PERIOD . Yuck . The chair does have some back support , for being folding .
 From the photo this looked like the perfect chair to take to the beach or park . In fact , it is easy to set up andit folds fairly easy and fits snugly in the bag that comes with it . I ordered two of them for my wife and I.We have used it on two trips to the beach and we agreed they are just not very comfortable . You really ca n't lean back sitting in the chair and if you want to try and get comfortable you almost have to slouch in the chair . In addition , at 10 lbs each they are too heavy to lug around very far . These are not inexpensive chairs and I regret that I waited too long to send them back.I 'm still looking for a simple light weight chair I can take to the beach .
 Spiders are still hanging out in my garage happily and I do n't have a big garage , either !
 I bought this item to deter flies because it says it will work with flying insects . Flies will actually land and sit on it without any apparent problems . I gave it to charity .
 I do n't have mice so I ca n't rate it on that . I does nothing for insects . Also I had to give it one star because it was required .
 we started seeing small black spiders in our house so we wanted to try one of these to see if it would get rid of them.a few hours after we plugged it in and set it on the insect setting , i started seeing spiders periodically running across the floor so its obvisously doing something to them -LRB- hope its running them outta the house -RRB- . i have heard that some spiders can adapt to the sound after awhile so its still up in the air wether it works in the long run aand wether or not its driving them out or the sound is just agitating them but so far its certainly doing something and having an affect on them . *** UPDATE *** After a year the device quit So have dropped my rating down to 1 star.Seemed to only annoy the spiders when it was working rather than keep them away .
 i bought this product for my garage to help with spiders and other bugs.i have not noticed any change what so ever . matter of fact there was a spider walking across the front of it while it was turned on . what a waste of money . do n't waste your time it does not work !!
 If you buy a device that is ` inaudible ' to humans , and if you hear a disturbing ` cri-cri ' sound -LRB- not only you , but everybody -RRB- than you feel suspicious about the f &#305; unctioning of this device , whether it can repell the cochroaches and mice . Then you return it . This is exactly what I did , and I am still indecisive to buy another mice repeller .
 I purchased several of these alleged mice repellents with the ultrasonic claim that it will work within 2 weeks . The purchase was made at a Home Depot about 2 months ago and installed at least 8 of them throughout the house . I have a mouse stuck on a glue trap right now that seemed completely unaffected by the Black and Decker piece of junk mice repellent devices . Get glue traps , they are more effective than anything else I have tried .
 My friend had a bad mouse problem in a high-rise condo . I gave her my unit , and over the last 12 months , the problem only got worse , despite glue traps and other efforts .
 I can utterly guarantee that this thing wo n't work . I was employed in the pest control industry for 16 years . We used to find cockroaches living in such devices all the time -LRB- it 's usually nice toasty warm in there -RRB- . Sanitation , exclusion , and very careful application of pesticides is what you need.Rodents are sometimes repelled for a brief time , but quickly adapt -LRB- adapting to environmental conditions is one of the things rats do best -RRB- . Again , count on sanitation , exclusion , and traps ; try to avoid baits because you 'd rather know where the little s.o.b. died -LRB- i.e. in a trap , rather than in a wall somewhere -RRB- .
 I brought this pest repeller 2 months ago hoping to not ever to see mice again ... well , I did.On Christmas eve there it goes running across the living room floor into the kitchen ... This DO NOT WORK ... once the mice get use to hearing that buzzing sound they ignore it and come out ... Plus , that buzzing sound all day long is ignoring ... I DO NOT LIKE THIS PRODUCT !!! I wish I could returnit and get my money back !!!
 The repeller works fine at repelling , but when on the `` rodent '' setting it makes an audible chirping noise that 's annoying so it can be used only in remote locations where people do n't normally go.The reason we bought this model was because it can run on batteries and we wanted it for an outer shed , but the manual says that it 'll only run two or three days on battery power , making it absolutely worthless for this use .
 I bought this thing and put it in my garage for about a month . One night I saw a mouse running across my stove so I brought it in and put it directly on the stovetop . Later that evening I was washing dishes , and the mouse ran back and forth from behind my microwave with his little cheeks full of Shake 'n' Bake RIGHT PAST THE RODENT REPELLANT FIVE TIMES !!!
 I just purchased this B&D ; pest repeller for an off-grid cabin . I bought this specific model because it also takes a 9-volt battery . About the sound it emits - there is noise coming from the unit , but you really have to be paying attention to hear it . I would n't recommend buying it for a bedroom or living area . Get it planning to place it in your basement , garage , seasonal cabin -LRB- with electricity -RRB- , etc. -- UPDATE -- DO N'T MAKE THE MISTAKE I MADE - ACCORDING TO THE MANUAL , THE BATTERY LIFE IS ONLY 2-4 DAYS , OPERATING CONTINUOUSLY FOR 24 HOURS A DAY.That little tidbit of information should be in the product description . Guess I will be plugging it into the garage and setting up Adirondack traps in the cabin . Joy !
 This product is useless for mice . i have been using this for the past 5 months or so and i still have mice problem.I am looking at other options now .
 When I first got this home , it seemed to do the trick ok . The mice really avoided it , however we could still hear them across the room . I was going to order a couple more to place around the room , but they walk right past it now ! It does n't seem to affect them at all ! For $ 20 it 's not a bad deal because obviously it works for some people , it just did n't work for us : -LRB-
 I purchased this product as I was familiar with the Black & Decker brand name . The reason for this purchase is because I had seen/killed several maybe two or three roaches in my kitchen over the last week . After cleaning everything & not finding anymore I plugged the repeller to repel any future pests . About two days later I saw another roach not far from the ultrasonic pest repeller ; in fact it was right on TOP of the repeller as if it was doing an inspection ! I quickly got rid of the pest & took the product outside to the back & plugged it in near spiders & other outside bugs . They were not fazed by the thing at all . You will be better off just calling someone to take care of the problem for you .
 First , the material is strangely thick and stiff for athletic shorts . This would be good material for sweats in cold weather but these are shorts so all it does is collect sweat . The shorts are poorly shaped with oversized legs . This feels odd due to the stiff material . I feel like I 'm running inside them instead of wearing them and I imagine this looks a little funny . Finally , no pockets limit their usefulness . Unless you need to save ten bucks , look at other pairs .
 In my drawer , I have an old pair of Russell cotton workout shorts which are comfortable and long lasting . So I wanted to have more . Knowing that the model I had was older , I could n't find the exact thing . So I settled on the Russell Cotton workout short -LRB- 42175MO -RRB- . It arrived quickly and as ordered ; however , the short itself is cheap and thin . It is so poorly shaped that it is uncomfortable in the legs . The fabric and the make are so low quality that I felt cheated . What 's worse , the pants have no pockets . I ca n't use something this poor . I threw them away .
 ' 0 ' is wat i give this product did n't get what the picture showed.Fitted worst.Don ' t waste your money.Its up to you .
 It 's my own fault for not reading the description more carefully . A bit long - I like to see my legs when I squat . Otherwise sturdy and reliable shorts .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 First , the material is strangely thick and stiff for athletic shorts . This would be good material for sweats in cold weather but these are shorts so all it does is collect sweat . The shorts are poorly shaped with oversized legs . This feels odd due to the stiff material . I feel like I 'm running inside them instead of wearing them and I imagine this looks a little funny . Finally , no pockets limit their usefulness . Unless you need to save ten bucks , look at other pairs .
 In my drawer , I have an old pair of Russell cotton workout shorts which are comfortable and long lasting . So I wanted to have more . Knowing that the model I had was older , I could n't find the exact thing . So I settled on the Russell Cotton workout short -LRB- 42175MO -RRB- . It arrived quickly and as ordered ; however , the short itself is cheap and thin . It is so poorly shaped that it is uncomfortable in the legs . The fabric and the make are so low quality that I felt cheated . What 's worse , the pants have no pockets . I ca n't use something this poor . I threw them away .
 ' 0 ' is wat i give this product did n't get what the picture showed.Fitted worst.Don ' t waste your money.Its up to you .
 It 's my own fault for not reading the description more carefully . A bit long - I like to see my legs when I squat . Otherwise sturdy and reliable shorts .
 they were advertized as pentax but not even close the cheapest set of tasco binoculars are better than this save your money
 I got these for my father for Christmas . The ad says `` Pentax '' but no where on them did it say that . My father told me yesterday that I could send them back ... he did not want them . I am disappointed .
 I bought this binocular from Amazon . When it arrived , I was surprised by the packaging . It was packaged like a cheap toy in plastic covering and nowhere was Pentax name identified . I thought that i might have made a mistake buying something else so I went back to Amazon and sure enough this was a Pentax product . Except Pentax do not want to put their name on it.It was easy to see why . It was heavy , heavier than all my binoculars -LRB- I have 7 of them -RRB- , the necklace was a joke , the case a cheap piece of cloth vinyl . Everything about it was cheap . So we do get what we pay for . Frankly because I had to cut the plastic to access the binocular , I did not want to return it to Amazon.On the plus side , the optics were OK but not great . But nowhere near the Pentax quality that I had expected . This was Whitetails not Pentax.I would gladly pay more for a better quality product.I had bought this product having read the previous poster review so I am compelled to write this review .
 I bought these a month ago and they absolutely DID NOT work for me . I have a photo to prove it . Seems like they have gotten worse since i got these . I find more mouse poo and pee than ever before . I have a photo of a mouse being caught in a glue trap right underneath the repellent ! This has happened 3 times already . It 's crazy . Big waste of money for me .
 I purchased this product over a month ago . I was informed that it wouldtake at least two weeks to see its effectiveness . I went into my kitchenat 630am and saw a mouse bigger than the one I had seen over a month ago.I spent over $ 60.00 placing these repellents throughout my entire house.They do not work . I am very disappointed , and would like my money back . Igave one star because they look nice .
 I do n't think this product works - I installed 2 of them and my rooms are not that big . I saw a mouse even after that . I think I will have to engage professional pest control . If you are buying to control rodents do n't bother to waste yr money .
 Totally not worth it ! I was shocked to see spiders crawling across the stupid thing more than once ! It does n't work . I 've had it for several months and I am still seeing bugs all over the place .
 These devices , tested by the FDA decades ago -LRB- including the ones with variable and intermittent pitches -RRB- do not work . There have been a number of class-action lawsuits against the companies that sell these . They simply do n't , and ca n't , work against insects or rodents . It 's science !
 esta muy bonita pero hay que especificar mejor la talla por que yo soy '' L '' y m la enviaron '' LT '' y me queda muy grande pero es de buena calidad
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 esta muy bonita pero hay que especificar mejor la talla por que yo soy '' L '' y m la enviaron '' LT '' y me queda muy grande pero es de buena calidad
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 The bottom that provides the balance is several inches in diameter and is nearly flat . Not much of a balance board . I believe I will return this one.I recommend the gofit for $ 10 more . I had one but my son took it to college .
 I am returning this . The CIA could use this thing instead of waterboarding ! If you plan to put it in a garage ot basement you are never in , then try it . I do n't know how they can claim its for living rooms and leave it on 24/7 . I thought it was supposed to be at a level inaudiable to humans . You litterally have to plug your ears because it is so obnoxious . I put it on the load setting . It does have a quiet setting , but I 'm thinking that is probably not as effective . So , I 'll take my 40 bucks back .
 Bought this thinking it would keep mosquitoes away from my room , but it did n't work . And the noise is very annoying , even when it is on quiet . Do n't buy it !
 There oughta be a law.I can utterly guarantee that this thing wo n't work . I was employed in the pest control industry for 16 years . We used to find cockroaches living in such devices all the time -LRB- it 's usually nice toasty warm in there -RRB- . Sanitation , exclusion , and very careful application of pesticides is what you need.Rodents are sometimes repelled for a brief time , but quickly adapt -LRB- adapting to environmental conditions is one of the things rats do best -RRB- . Again , count on sanitation , exclusion , and traps ; try to avoid baits because you 'd rather know where the little s.o.b. died -LRB- i.e. in a trap , rather than in a wall somewhere -RRB- .
 I soooo wish I could tell you these work . I desperately wanted them to . What a beautiful thing it would be to keep the mice/rats away without poison or traps . Kill free , mess free , and a free conscience . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . They make a constant clacking noise - that yes , you can hear ... you ca n't escape - and they do Nothing for the critters . There was absolutely no effect except for the machine 's noise drowning out the sound of their scurrying.Anyone who 's `` problem '' has disappeared when they began using this machine simply benefitted from a Happy Coincidence .
 I bought this , looking for a humane way to keep mice out of our office . As soon as I plugged it in I thought something was wrong . It was so loud ! I looked and found it on the highest setting . Moving it to medium did n't help and even on the lowest setting , I could n't tolerate it longer than one hour . I would be very concerned about long term hearing damage and I am returning mine today .
 We purchased two Black & Decker EP 1100-A Ultrasonic Pest Repeller units through Amazon for help with a rodent problem at our home in New Mexico . After carefully reading the instructions -LRB- which were inadequate at best -RRB- , I set the unit for rodent control and at `` loud '' . I incorrectly assumed that , like the smaller Black & Decker units , the EP 1100-A would be inaudible to human hearing . Since the electric receptacle was at floor level , I was sitting on the floor next to the unit when I plugged it in . The unit immediately began emitting an ear-piercing , high-pitched shrilling noise . I fumbled with the unit to turn the noise level down and ultimately just unplugged it . However , the hearing in my left ear had been injured by the unit by the time I unplugged it . It is now almost a week later and my ear still hurts . I called the Black & Decker customer service line as soon as it became apparent that my hearing had been injured . The representative I spoke with was unfamiliar with the unit and said that someone would call me back within a week . I am still waiting to hear back from Black & Decker .
 We get a lot of mice and stink bugs in the fall , so I bought several brands of ultrasonic pest control products . I thought this one looked good , but it made NO difference . In fact I placed it on the deck one evening on FULL and watched as several chipmunks -LRB- when the sun was up -RRB- and mice came up to it , smiffed it , then either sat and cleaned themselves , are seeds near it or just wandered off in no big hurry . It is now in the computer room on high and it actually seem to be attracting flies and stink bugs to the room!Oh well .
 This thing appears to be working . Mice were gone while it was on for 2 days , and one came back 3 hours after we shut it off.HOWEVER , 2 important points to consider1 -RRB- It obviously affects more than just pests . Even in `` quiet '' `` pest '' mode , our neighbor 's dog -LRB- 2 flights down -RRB- refused to leave the apartment and appeared sick for two days . We found out he 's acting sick in a random chat , thought there might be a connection , turned this thing off and within 10 minutes he was back to normal . I would not use this around pets - and by that I mean at least 50 yards away .2 -RRB- It 's noisy . It makes a very audible clicking sound which could be suitable for a garage environment , but not in a place where you 'd want to hang around in .
 ... but it has n't worked at all for me . Put it in my attic , and have actually found rodent droppings near it.Unlike other pest repellers , this one is not ultrasonic . It creates an annoying , audible clacking.I do want to clarify one thing
 I ordered two of these devices and used them for 3 weeks . I wanted to get rid of some mice living in my attic . The mice were not bothered by the device . I finally set some traps and caught the mice within 3 feet of the device while it was running at its highest setting . The noise certainly bother me , but it did not bother the mice .
 I 've had this for over a year-mice/rats just ignore it ; makes an annoying sound for humans but doesnot seem to effect the rats . I would save your money and try something else .
 Bought this product to &#34; discourage &#34; squirrels in my attic . The setting for large rodents is ear piercing . Nothing about this is ultrasonic . It 's so loud I ca n't use it . It could be heard all throughout the house -LRB- even though I placed it in the attic -RRB- and even outside.However , I did use this in my basement for discouraging spiders . This setting is non-audible and seemed to work .
 This product is very loud on the rodent setting . I even tried the next setting down which is rodent/insect but I could hear it 10 feet outside of my garage with the door completely closed . Because I did n't want the neighbors to complain , I had to turn it down to the lowest setting which is for insects . However , I bought this to resolve a mouse issue . Not sure what I will do at this point .
 Deployed in motorhome during winter months . No food of any type stored in motorhome . Set unit on tile floor to maximize obnoxious sound emitted by this unit . Opened all cabinets to eliminate anything hindering sound wave propogation . Field mice started eating a bar of soap two feet away from this unit . This product is a joke and is not recommended to anyone -LRB- except one wishing to throw money away ! -RRB-
 I bought this item about a month ago ... I have a brown widow problem on my screened in porch . I set it up on the insect setting on medium volume . It sounds a little like cicadas or other type bug , but inside the house , with the door closed it was n't noticeable . It does have a loud and a quiet setting , if you did need it inside.I turned it on and moved it 's location once a week around the patio . However , it 's been in it 's current spot for the last two weeks and I just found a large brown widow and two happy little egg sacs living only 6 inches away from the unit right under my child 's tricycle . : -LRB- I was really hoping this would be my answer for my spider problem , but it does n't seem to be.If you are looking for a spider repeller ... this is not it . If anyone has found one that does work on spiders , please let me know ! :-RRB- Thanks
 Based on previous reviews , I purchased this to try to get rid of a pesky raccoon . No luck there . Sadly , the unit stopped working on the high setting after using it for less than a week . I would not recommend this for purchase .
 I got the unit a few days ago and set it up in my garage . In the past , it appears that the field mice have been entering my house in the winter through the garage , so it made sense to install it there . I found the unit loud and annoying , but it did n't seem to affect any of my dogs on the first floor . Unfortunately , on the third day , I actually saw a field mouse run into the garage when I opened the garage door , so the unit does n't seem to keep field mice out . Hopefully the mouse -LRB- mice -RRB- will leave because the unit is so annoying . I have also ordered an Attack Wave Pestrepeller which may also help .
 For a product that claims to repel rats to not actually do so is called &#34; false advertising &#34; . I bought the EP1100-A because we have a rat problem in the winter and before I fix all the &#34; entrances &#34; I wanted to evict the current residences in a humain way . Guess I 'll have to do it the old fashion way and close the entrances and then use rat traps to kill the remaining rats .
 Purchased the B&D Ultrasonic Pest Repeller to try to chase squirrels from the attic . Unfortunately the repeller was not `` ultrasonic '' . It let off a loud audible noice that could be hear from the attic into the bedrooms . Although the noise did not keep us from sleeping , it did not seem to have any effect on the squirrels , either . In fact it seeems that the one we had heard brought his family into the attic to join him . Based upon reading other product reviews , it seems that these sonic and ultrasonic repellers are not effective . I would recommend not expecting these types of products to be helpful for keeping pests away .
 I 'm not sure by what definition this unit was labeled ultrasonic , but it is clearly and very annoyingly audible to both humans and dogs . As soon as I plugged it in and heard the racket , it went back into the box and back to Amazon .
 The description about this device is very deceptive . If you are looking for a device that pests can hear but that you ca n't you will be very disappointed . I sent the first device I ordered back because I thought it was defective when it made a really loud audible noise . The second one I got was the same . If you put this in your attic and set it for rodents , you will hear it in your living space .
 Have mice in attached garage . Bought this thinking it would be better than traps and poison given the number of pets in the neighborhood.Turned it on to the rodent setting . It was so loud my neighbors thought that either my smoke detectors or burglar alarm had activated . It could be heard in my house , in the backyard . It not only would irritate the beegeebers out of the rodents , but any thing else that was n't hearing impared.I had to return it . It just wo n't work in my situation .
 It 's a very cheaply made machine that broke down in two weeks . Also , it 's not `` ultrasonic '' in a way that 's not audible to humans at all . It 's just obnoxiously loud to everyone .
 I purchased this unit because I read the good reviews and thought I would give it a try for my problem with squirrels . Each year squirrels nest the in same spot above my living room ceiling in my attic . I had an A/C outlet installed in my attic near the nest -LRB- about 10 ft away -RRB- and installed this pest repeller . I set the pest switch to insects/rodents and the volume to medium initially for about a week and left it on 24/7 . The squirrels were not deterred . I changed the settings to rodents and loud and even installed it on a timer so that it would only come on at night since the loud setting can be heard in the living room and adjacent kitchen . After several weeks of use the squirrels are still there . I wish I could return it as it does n't work for the squirrels in my attic . I am past the 30 days return period . I guess I can try it on insects and see if it keeps the roaches away that are outside on the back deck !
 The noise is unbearable . I do n't know how they can advertise this as something you could use in the house . I have put it outside in my jeep with all the windows rolled up and you can still hear it . It does however seem to be keeping the rats out of my jeep , which is what I bought it for .
 I 've had this thing plugged in and set to rid the rodents AND insects for 8 weeks now . The mouse in my house ate some poison and died a slow death in the bathroom , but there are spider webs ON the Pest Repeller . How much repelling is it actually doing ? Looks like none ; I am very disappointed . I gave it one star but it deserves none . Sidenote
 This belt is too big for me and does n't synch tight . I can use it , but it is not one I would recommend to others .
 I find the Hugger Mugger yoga strap to be unpleasantly stiff and uncomfortable . It digs into my skin -LRB- unlike the `` barefoot '' ones used at my yoga studio -RRB- . If you prefer a softer strap you may want to avoid this one .
 This thing is nothing more than a wood dowel with two rubber hand grips slid over each end . Because the hand grips are loose and can spin on the dowel , the thing does n't even work right , especially with heavier weights -LRB- you 're just turning the hand grips and the weight is n't rising -RRB- . The nylon cord just has a small wood peg attached to it 's end . It DOES NOT have a substantial-looking bar to hold the weight as the picture indicates -LRB- and which was also the reason I chose this model -RRB- . The only way to attach a weight is to simply run the cord through the hole in the weight and tie it with a knot!And the price ? The dowel , the grips , and the nylon cord could n't have cost the `` manufacturer '' more than about one dollar . Some might call it `` premuim pricing . '' I 'd call it a rip .
 From the previous reviews it seems that this product does n't deliver any satisfaction at all . Buy instead the wrist roller manufactured by proboxinggear.I bought one eight months ago and I loved it . I use it at home and even at the gym , since it is small and very light , so it fits in my backpack taken about the same space than my gloves.The one I bought is really an excellent accessory , since is not only a Wrist exerciser , but a complete Forearm Strengthener . Simple to use , with no spring or moving or breakable parts , it looks like it will resist the hardest workouts and continuous use.With simple rolling movements and as you gradually increase resistance by adding weight plates to it you strengthen hands , wrist , forearms and upper arms . I have considerably improved wrist stability and holding power , and also feel an Increased range of motion and flexibility
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I ordered two of these for me and the other drum major at my school and gahh-lee do they suck . If you put too much air into them the sound just cuts off . I ended up switching to a walmart whistle mid season after giving up on this one.It only plays the way you want it to if you really focus and get just the right amount of air through it , then it 's loud and piercing and lovely , but I ca n't get it to do that 100 % of the time , so yeah . . not for marching band .
 This Spalding bocce set was purchased for us off our wedding registry , but we received an inferior -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- set from the listed supplier -LRB- Ace Hardware -RRB- , who then refused to take the item back . We had to notify our guest , and months later Ace Hardware has still not processed the return . She was charged for the more expensive set , too . I have no doubt this is a good bocce set -- I 'd love to own it myself -- but be careful who you buy it from .
 This is small , so it fits nicely against my back for trail running . However , the mouthpiece leaks . This is quite annoying.Doesn ' t hold much water , so only good for short trail runs . I would n't recommend .
 It sounded larger but 11/2 liters is pretty small . I wish I had gone to the store to see it instead of buying it online . I would not have bought a Camelbak this small . The small zippered pocket us barely big enough for a cell phone a driver 's license .
 EZGD is selling Lex USA Corp Eva Flooring . I had a set of TKO mats that my in-laws ordered for me -LRB- through this exact product page on Amazon -RRB- and I wanted to increase the area in my exercise room . These Eva mats DO NOT FIT the TKO mats . I would have used them but they do not even come with the edge attachments -LRB- as the TKO mats did -RRB- . The mats EZGD is sending are not what is pictured on this page . Contact the seller prior to buying if you really want the TKO mats .
 I use lighting devices like this every day to light candles at our bed & breakfast establishment . I was excited when I saw that Zippo had put one on the market because I was aware of Zippo 's reputation for elegantly designed , reliable lighters . I have been disappointed to discover that although the thing looks pretty and appears to be well-made , it is clumsy and awkward to operate . The safety button is in the wrong place to be comfortably depressed while striking the lighter . Compared to other devices of this type , the Zippo does not have much distance between the flame and your hand making it difficult to light wicks that are down inside jar-type candles . Also , the fuel-level indicator is nearly impossible to see making it difficult to know when the thing needs re-filling . I am much happier with way cheaper such devices that are more versatile , user-friendly , and ergonomically designed .
 I had been using $ 1.00 refillables for a few years , but decided to upgrade to this Zippo , thinking that the heavy duty construction would ultimately reduce my environmental impact -LRB- it comes with a lifetime warranty is states boldly on the package ! -RRB- . Since I use lighters in various places , I bought three of them , for $ 35.00 ! I figured , $ 35.00 is well spent if they will last me a long time and I wo n't have to produce as much garbage.However , these lighters are very poor quality . All three of mine were operating poorly in less than a year , and within 18 months , two are now garbage , and the third lights about one of every 10 attempts.Why worry you ask ? Just take 'em back under warranty right ? Problem is , Zippo wants $ 5.00 in shipping and handling fees to accept the return , and by the time you 've paid your own shipping -LRB- plus insurance and tracking as Zippo suggests -RRB- , your almost in for the cost of a new lighter . It seems Zippo has it worked out pretty well for themselves.I am incensed that I shelled out $ 35.00 for this terrible product , and have ended up making more garbage than I would have with my cheapo $ 1.00 models , which used to last me about two years each . In my opinion Zippo 's warranty is a come-on , and I fell for it hook line and sinker . It is one thing to make a lousy product , it is another to hook people in with what amounts to being a useless warranty.I recommend you look elsewhere , unless you do n't mind shelling out all that money for what amounts to a disposable lighter .
 I bought the Classic MPL , after I used it for a few times , the flame became so small that it can hardly light up a candle . Even if you adjust to the max , it is still the same.I returned it and get a replacement . Well , it has the same problem.The only time that the flame is good enough to lid a candle is when you just filled up the butane gas . After a few click , the same problem happen agaqinThew design is beautiful . Sleek and modern look . Well , maybe it will worth lots of money when it become antique.Skip this problem . It has problem .
 I haved had the same problem as the previous reviewer . Low to near non-existent flame , even on high . I added more fuel , but to no effect.Leave this one alone .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Swiss Gear 7 by 7-Foot Three-Person Sport Dome Cheval TentThe price is right on Swiss Gear tents . The quality is not . I have used our tent twice , and already I can tell that the zipper is about to break . Once the zipper goes , you 're in deep water , exposed to bugs , weather , rendering the tent useless.The design of the door is awkward at best . Swiss Gear provided no means to get the door flap -LRB- once the door is unzipped -RRB- out of the way . It just hangs down in a bunch.The zipper is also very hard to zip up due to tightness that puts added stress on the zipper . This zipper is about to go and I 'm hesitant to use this tent anymore . Save yourself $ 40 . Do n't buy it . It will wreck your camping experience.A positive ... it does set up easily and looks good .
 This tent looks really nice on paper . In practice however ... 1 . Set Up
 One of the wind straps on this umbrella snapped the very first time that I used it . Returning the item is a huge hassle . TGW wanted me to pay to ship the item back to the store , and the representative told me that I would have to wait four to six weeks to get the umbrella back .
 Bought the exact same thing at Academy Sports for 90 bucks ! Save yourself several hundred and go there!Other than that , it 's an awesome game table & the kids love it ! The fooseball is my only complaint ! Putting in on and taking it off is a pain due to its size ... and it 's so huge , it 's hard to store when you want to play the other games !
 This is a childrens size shirt . This information was not provided to me when I initialy ordered it . This XL is smaller than a mens small !! I 'm returning it this week .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 This Bobber Cooler is definitely a conversation piece . I have had so many comments about it . I used it when floating down a small river near home -LRB- No Rapids , just calm water -RRB- , it does n't hold its weight , literally . The first thing is that the opening is in the center of the cooler , making it impossible to get drinks out with out pulling the whole cooler out of the water . The opening seam rides just barely about the water , and since it is round the weight shifts a little and the seam will dip into the water . The cooler then fills up with water , which almost immediatly melts the ice , and as it fills up it will sink to the bottom . maybe if there was a rubber gasket to seal it better , it might be ok . The 2 plastic clasps on each side used to close the cooler are really easy to break off , plus they are facing the wrong direction . If you bump something like a rock or a log , it will push the clasp back and then unlatch the cooler.This cooler might be good to use in bodys of water that do not have current , like a pool , but I do n't suggest towing it behind anything . I suggest using one of the many inflateble coolers on the market .
 I purchased two of these and took them on a flat water tubing trip . Within the first five minutes they filled with water and all the ice melted . Just to keep them afloat we had to keep emptying them out . Water even got trapped inside the cooler 's supposedly insultated walls . I like the concept , but they obviously skipped the testing phase on these . Had the product development people actually taken the time think about it , a 10 cent O-ring probably would have done the trick .
 We used this in our pool . Everyone thinks it 's funny and cute . Problem is , as soon as you open it it tilts over and dumps the drinks and ice in the pool LOL . Floats well though .
 Great Idea ... failed functionality ... This thing is not water tight . . Not only does water flood into it and melts ice in 10min . . But it also allows water into the insulated walls ... which really makes the product float on its side and become pointless to use . Fun looking product zero functionality possible dangerous through any type of rapids . It was returned next day very disappointed .
 Does n't float . Does n't keep drinks and/or ice cool . Lets water in . Tips over . Hard to get at drinks without spilling out entire contents . BUT is fun to look at . Basically a waste of money but find a different use for it because it is so fun to look at . Seriously , just looking at this thing makes you smile . They need to redesign this concept with the opening near the top instead of in the middle , and with some insulation instead of one layer of thin plastic . At least they 're cheap . You get what you pay for .
 This item looks cool and I received multiple compliments on it . Great , looks good but is it practical ? Not so much . I took this cooler on a kayaking float , within 15 minutes on the water , all my ice melted . The cooler does n't seal well , which lets water in . I had to make a `` pit stop '' and had to paddle my arms off to catch up to the others , due to the weight of the cooler being filled with water . I do n't recomment it and would try something else .
 I bought it and it came with a slip of paper saying that it is n't watertight . Where is that information in the product description ? I would never have bought it if I knew that -- what good is a floating cooler that wo n't float ? They returned the purchase price , but I had paid a high shipping rate and I had to eat that . It 's just a bad product , and it 's marketed as something it 's not .
 This cooler is cute but it is constructed with cheap plastic and will not last long in the pool or water - probably will leak very soon!Not worth 30 bucks - 10 maybe ...
 Great looking conversation piece . If you have a sport themed room or a man cave hang it somewhere or put it on a table to decorate the room . Maybe poolside for a party ? If you want to take it somewhere and expect it to float while keeping your beverages/food cold - forget about it . I saw one hanging over the door of a fishing shop and knew right away why it was there as a decorative element and not being sold as a functioning item .
 Very possibly the biggest piece of crap I 've purchased in recent history . I really do n't think the inventors ever tried using the product before pawning it off on the public ! It looked promising for about the first 5 minutes of use . After that the design flaws made any further use a joke . When it was initially loaded with ice and 5 cans of drinks it floated relatively well . Then we opened it for the first time to discover that if you do n't hold the bottom when you open it the lid forces the hinge down into the water allowing lake or pool water into the bottom . Once water enters or the ice melts and the weight of the contents shifts the Bobber no longer floats level . After 15 minutes on it 's trial run it was floating sideways making not only look ridiculous but totally impractical to use . We dumped the sloshy mess into the lake and the Bobber was given a burial at sea . What a rip off .
 The idea behind this is great :--RRB- but the functionality is terrible . We used this to go tubing down a calm river and it was constantly filling with water . It 's also very small and does n't hold much at all . If you put too much weight in it , it takes on even more water . It 's not really insulated and the ice melts rather quickly . i would love to see this re engineered a little larger , more insulated and somehow able to stay afloat without taking on water . until then ... save your money !
 We bought this cooler for river tubing trips and it is worthless . It does float , but it does n't seal and takes on water the whole time . You can not open it without lifting it up and holding it outside of the water . The latch for opening the lid is really bad and you ca n't tell if it 's closed or not . I accidentally dumped the entire contents of the cooler into the river at least three times on one trip . It 's cute , but do n't fall for the novelty because it does n't actually work at all .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 This is a childrens size shirt . This information was not provided to me when I initialy ordered it . This XL is smaller than a mens small !! I 'm returning it this week .
 I should have just taken the time to return this . It is good quality and seems durable , however the prongs are just a little too short , so spearing food is not as convenient as I would hope it to be . Definitely disappointing for the price . Ca n't bring myself to toss it , so it just sits in the drawer . At least the roommate got to take it camping once . He did n't care for it much , but it was more practical than carrying a spoon and fork !
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 This is a piece of crapp , it is too small , thin material , and overall cheaply made . Stay away from this if you value your money
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 this thing will collapse with just mild wind , spend the extra $ 100 to get a quality screenhouse , flimsy materials in this product do not hold up
 Bought this product this summer and the top ripped on first setup . Sent product back to parent company American Recreation Products for a repacement . And was sent a Eddie Bauyer 13 by 15 astoria screen house that is completly worthless to me . Its twice as heavy and needs a least two people to set it up . Called customer service and talked to a person who was the very rude . She acted like she was the customer . Ended up with a worthless piece of junk that is nothing like the original . American Recreation Products could careless about customer satisfaction .
 I purchased the screen tent to take it with us to Vancouver Island on vacation . The only good thing about it is the easy set up . The slanted sides allow the rain to pour in . The shape cuts into the space inside . You can only get a picnic table -LRB- placed directly in the middle -RRB- in it with walking room around the table . Also , at the bottom edge of the doors there is a flap that was always getting in the way . People were constantly tripping over it . The door zipper does n't zip all the way down to the ground .
 The unit is flimsy . the stitching and fabric are of inferior material and not properly UV protected . The frame is weak , to the point of being almost fragile . This is not a product that will stand up to anything stronger than a light breeze and certainly not for use in rainy weather . In short it falls into the same catagory as lighters , razors etc. , it 's Disposable .
 I bought the screen house in march and placed it direct in my garden . When I was setting up the house , I had the feeling that the tent wouldn 'd last long . We had not much rain this summer , but a lot of sun and the polyester protects not at all against UV rays . After 5 months in use I have to throw it away because it is finished . The polyster is falling apart . The frame is not bad , but the polyster cover is n't worth any single cent .
 The very first time I used the screen house I was camping at Hatteras . The stakes are wholly inadequate . That night brought a huge storm which blew away the tent . I recovered it 500 yards away with two of the poles severely bent . The house itself was roomy and reasonably easy to set up - you do need two people . If you buy it , go get some serious stakes because those that come with it are pitiful .
 We were excited to get this screen house because of the great reviews we read . This was an inexpensive price and seemed like it would be sufficient for our needs . As we opened the box , however , we were disappointed to see how flimsy the poles were . One of the poles bent and creased at the curved section where it goes up over the sidewall just with my husband and three kids setting it up . If we had been in a strong wind or trying to drag the shelter I could understand the easy damage , but this just has poor quality poles . The actual screen enclosure seemed fine .
 just putting this thing together the poles bent , had to be sent back . Only refunded part of money . Did n't know product was so FRAGILE .
 I purchased this about a month ago to replace a Walmart brand screen house that got ruined last fall -LRB- my fault for not bringing it in before the first snowfall ! -RRB- Walmart no longer sells a hexagonal screen house of similar size , or I would have bought the exact same model again . As soon as I took the Wenzel out of the box -LRB- no nice carry bag like the Walmart one ! -RRB- , I could feel the flimsiness of the poles . Sure enough , while setting it up , one of the pole tips bent . When I called Wenzel , they would not stand behind their product . After it taking about a week to get through to them on the phone , they told me to disassemble the screen house , and mail them the pole back -LRB- at my expense -RRB- , and then they would decide whether it was `` a warranty issue or not '' . After telling their clerk how disappointed I was at the lack of product support , I hung up , and I guess I will live with a bent pole . Spend your money elsewhere - Wenzel has cheap , flimsy poles , and no customer product support .
 It look nice , but the poles are very flimsy and bent the first time we had it up . Very disappointed with this product .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I got the swimming goggles to use for swimming it was cute but when I entered the pool with the googles underwater water went into the goggles so I tried again and there was still water in the goggles ! Unbelieveable I bought this to swim for the pool in the summer then next month I was going to a waterpark guess I wasted my money !
 I purchased this folder a few months ago because the design was interesting and the reviews were mostly good and I 'd had some decent S&W ; folders before . I needed a good but cheap EDC knife and I thought the Rescue Knife would be sufficient . A couple months later I bought a Kershaw Tremor to replace it , and I have n't looked back.I do n't like giving bad reviews , but I have to say the quality of construction on this Smith & Wesson knife is pretty weak . For starters , the integral quillons get caught on everything and are not very comfortable on the hand . The magnesium handle slabs make the knife very butt-heavy and do n't really seem to work better than aluminum handle scales would . But the real reason I put this knife away and have n't used it since is that the blade began to wiggle and I can not tighten the main hinge screw enough to stop it . It was n't dropped or abused or taken apart ; it just started to get blade play . I have no use for a folder with a weak folding mechanism.The steel is alright I suppose , and it is possible that I simply got one bad knife from the lot , but even if it had n't started to malfunction I probably would have abandoned it based on design flaws alone . I know this review is contradictory to all the positive reviews this knife has received , but I felt like potential buyers might benefit from hearing about the one that I purchased.Because the steel was alright and it 's possible my knife could have been a fluke , I 'm giving two stars out of five . It would have to be outright abysmal for me to rate it a one , but it has to be epically perfect for me to give a five.HOWEVER , if you 're on the hunt for a good , cheap EDC knife , check out the Kershaw folders , or maybe the Opinel folders . Not to use this bad review as a back-up to my good reviews , but I 've got no complaints about those knives so far .
 I never received the order . I placed it on 2 September and never heard anything else from the seller . Amazon sent me a notice on 12 September that they could not confirm the shipment of my order therefore they were not charging my credit card . Thank goodness for Amazon . I am very disappointed with the seller . Will not do business with them again .
 My friend had one of these that she absolutely adored . But my dog ate it . I bought her a new one , this one , from here . She absolutely hates it ! She never wears it . She says it does n't fit right . The brim is too long . She misses her old hat . But it 's the thought that counts . : -LRB-
 Beware - the largest size of this cap does n't fit my head . Granted , my head is large compared to most , but other caps of the same size fit fine .
 This is a really nice hat . I was looking foward to getting it . My head is apparently abnormally small , because I ca n't find any hats that fit . This was a `` small '' I guess I 'm an extra small . : -LRB-
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Returned because Bat was damaged . I have equested a New Bat , be mailed to the same New Lenox , Illinois Mailing Address . Where is the Replacement Bat ? The Season is winding down , Please ship the replacement Bat . Thank You !! John W. Bizzak -LRB-319-RRB-892-3071
 What do you get for this kind of money ? You get a tarp wrapped around some poles that will blow over if you breathe on it . Another great product by Texsport . I guess I was expecting more but there is nothing here . First off , there is no air coming through the roof and this thing gets hot . I guess maybe it 's good for baking a cake in . The frame is made out of toothpicks . When I took this thing out of the bag , one of the poles bent simply when I tried to put it up . How are you supposed to pack this garbage up when you 're done ? The worst part came when our daughter was using it and the solar bag which is supposed to hold water broke the clip and fell onto her and the bag ripped when it hit the ground . Our shower became the laughing gag of the campsite , as we never knew if we would come out of it alive . Well I guess that 's worth the money . We did n't keep it , we threw the WHOLE THING in the fire on the last day and everything burnt , including the cheap poles . Steel should not burn in a fire , but this is n't steel it 's plastic and garbage . I forgot to mention , for as cheap as this thing is , it took us forever to put up . The shock cord poles that come which help the tent gain speed in wind , as it sways back and forth for a full 20 seconds before falling out . In the end , two of the poles broke and we tied the remaining part to a tree .
 This shelter is difficult to put up and too weak too hold up a solar shower bag . There is no ventilation at the top . True , the tarp is sturdy , but it 's meaningless when the frame is so weak and relies on guy ropes with weak little stakes . Also , it does n't even come with a bag to hold it . Once you open the box , it becomes a big hassle to transport . The only reason that I gave it a star is because it was inexpensive so at least I wo n't mind using it for parts . As it usually turns out with outdoor supplies , you get what you pay for .
 Maybe I was expecting too much , but I would not recommend this item .1 -RRB- Does not put up with high wind -- maybe again I was expecting too much .2 -RRB- Difficult to setup .3 -RRB- No ventilation , clear roof means it gets really hot on the inside4 -RRB- Clear roof ripped probably on the first use5 -RRB- Pole system is not user friendly .6 -RRB- Does not come with a carry bag.I probably used this item only once or twice . It 's difficult to setup by yourself . I camp in the desert a lot , and high winds are always expected . Instead of staking the guy ropes into the ground , I used sandbags to hold it up . Since then , it has fallen over and the poles have bent . I recommend the shelters with the fiberglass -LRB- flexible -RRB- poles , as they flex in the wind , but do not break . Several friends have the flexible shelters , and I have never seen them broken due to the wind .
 It was n't up 10 minutes when a 10 mile per hr . wind bent the tips on top of the poles & the whole thing collapsed . The poles are not adaquate to support this design . The zippered tent itself is nice if only they had a way to keep it up !
 This is basically a piece of junk . It 's hard to set up . The poles come apart when trying to set up . The frame is flimsy and there is no place to easily hang a solar shower . Trying to hang it from the aluminum poles does n't work . Without the guide ropes , the shower really is n't free standing . Buy something else for a shower tent .
 Two of the poles were defective out of the box . Fortunately I had a wrench to make them round enough to fit the connecting poles into them . Count on having at least 2 people to put this together or maybe using duct tape to keep the pole joints together as you go . It is way more difficult to put together than it should be . I used it on one camping trip , then threw the frame away . I 'm hoping to come up with a better frame and salvage the tarp .
 It was a an Idea to bring a privacy shelter for festivals but this thing did not really have an easy place to attach the solar shower . And was too stuff in it to stay in very long on a hot Day , next time I will look for one with screen windows
 I 'm usually very self reliant and pride myself in being able to do things on my own . I 've single-handedly set up very large tents that usually take 2 people to set up . That being said this thing is literally IMPOSSIBLE for 1 person to set up because the maker failed to provide shock-chords to hold the poles together ... . so as you are attempting to get one side connected it always falls apart on the other side . I figured out a way to make it stay together during a 1-person assembly and it involved taping the poles together using duct tape ... which still was pretty inconvenient.I ended up ditching the poles it came with and purchased some PVC pipe and connectors and fashioned my own structure . This worked fine , but the PVC is heavy and does n't collapse small . I was carting the whole thing in my pop-up camper so I didnt mind , but now I 'm going back to tent camping and wanted an easier shower tent.In the end I trashed the whole set up and bought a very nice Ozark Trail shower tent from Wal-mart . It is very nice and sturdy as well as light weight and compact when stored . It is cheap too !
 One minor disclaimer the snow was not super thick . The sled is fun just not durable . After one day of use I have had to patch the sled in 5 places ... The bottom is in my view to thin given how the sled is used .
 I had bad luck with theses gloves . I had to send the first pair back because they were too large . The small size was still a little too big for my hands . I now assume that they were mens sizes . There is no information on selecting the correct size . I tried them out at home and after 30 min of paddling they were rubbing and hurting my hands . The fabric is rough and not very stretchy . I took them on a 4 day kayak trip for a friend to wear . He also found them uncomfortable . They may have been to small for him . I did notice an other paddler in our group was wearing a pair with no problems .
 These gloves are extremely well made , but the large was too big for my hands . I contacted the company for an exchange , but a medium size was not available . The company stated they would refund my money if the gloves were returned with the tags still attached . I have sent the gloves back , but am still waiting on the refund .
 I 'm in the Navy and rely on stopwatches to keep the submarine safe and prevent collisions with other ships . This watch , although stacked with a large number of useful features , requires the user to hold down the reset key for about 3 seconds before the stopwatch feature is reset to 0 . This by itself has prevented me from using this watch except to tie it up in my rack and use it as an alarm clock .
 This may actually be a good watch but it came with no instructions . And the operation is not intuitive enough for me to figure out how to use it . Took 2 hours to get the date and time set . I 've had it 2 months and now must reinvent the process to adjust the time as it is now 8 minutes slow . It has a plethora of features I 'll never use because I ca n't figure out how . A search of the web for instructions just yields dead links or links to other places selling this . There are lots of those . Even the Timex site links to instructions for another model that is not even close to this one . Ca n't lock the buttons so when I carry it in my pocket it ends up some where completely different than where I had it . It had a good price and it may actually be a good watch , I 'll never know . The previous reviews said nothing to indicate the lack of instructions . I feel ripped off . Trusting brand was one reason I bought this , that was a mistake . I 'll probably never buy Timex again . I did like the size , its a handful and the prominent buttons and the indiglo . But they are not enough to offset the fact I ca n't use the damn thing . Gave it one star cause I ca n't give it 0 . I 'll probably end up S ** t canning it .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! THIS THING IS MADE WITH CHEAP PLASTIC . IT BROKE DURING THE ASSEMBLY PROCESS USING ONLY MODERATE PRESSURE .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Ordered the product online and it was n't what I expected . The fabric is close to that of a thin , cheap towel and more challenging to install than I thought .
 Do not buy this thing . Made my M1A jam and it slid up the op rod spring instead of staying against the receiver . I e-mailed Buffer Technologies about it and they were worthless . Had one for a Mini 14 that made the rifle inopperable as well .
 The hole for the recoil spring is about the size of the recoil spring so the spring pushes right through the buffer . It needs a metal washer with a slot in it between the the spring and the buffer . Since I know how to make the needed washer I will alter it accordingly and it should be a good item , If you ca n't make the modification then I would strongly suggest passing on buying it .
 Ordered the product online and it was n't what I expected . The fabric is close to that of a thin , cheap towel and more challenging to install than I thought .
 I originally bought the .75 liter Camelbak because one of my friends had one and raved about it . I was also drawn to the vibrant color choices . At first this water bottle worked well for my indoor rock climbing sessions and lifting work-outs . I was disappointed to discover that the bottle was too big for standard water bottle holders on cardio machines -LRB- stair steppers and stationary bikes -RRB- . After about 6 months of occasional use -LRB- 3-5 times a week -RRB- , the bottle developed a major leak on the lid and had to be tossed . I will not be replacing it with another Camelbak . As a loyal Nalgene user , I know there are better water bottles on the market .
 The plastic protector is easy to lose . The water flows out intermittently after either pulling off the plastic protector or moving the mouth piece from an 180 to 90 degree position - very annoying . It holds a good amount of fluid which is the only positive thing .
 Update Sept. 2010
 I got this water bottle as a present and was initially super happy with it until ... The lid began to leak after a few weeks . It leaked every time it was on its side . I had so many important papers , books , etc. get soaked because of this leak problem . I thought it was just my bottle , but I read other reviews and realized this is a pretty common problem with these bottles . This is a poorly designed bottle . What 's the point of a bottle if it 's going to leak all the time ?! Also when you are super thirsty , sipping water through the straw is no fun . I found myself taking the lid off so I could get in the large gulps of water I so needed . So , into the recycling bin it went . No more CamelBack for me !
 I find it hard to believe there are n't more negative reviews . To get a full sip of water is practically impossible . You have to bite down and suck hard to get the liquid out and it only comes out in a dribble . If anybody wanted to use this on a treadmill , forget it . The bottle does look nice but if you want something where you can get a quick drink this is n't it .
 It 's way too big and looks like cheaply made , returned it for a refund . I also bought a stainless steel one , Klean Kanteen Stainless Steel Colored Water Bottles with Poly Loop Cap , that 's way better , I kept it .
 Does n't this water bottle leach BPA since it is made of polycarbonate -LRB- plastic number 7 -RRB- . This plastic has been banned for use by children under 3 , and definately should n't be used by anyone . Unless I am mistaken , which from research , I believe I 'm correct .
 I loved it until one day I noticed I had to suck a little harder to get water through . I pulled off the blue bite valve and sure enough , it was FILLED with greenish-black moss or fungus or whatever it was . I should note that I have regularly cleaned the bottle in the dishwasher however this does nothing to remove the scum buildup which can not be good for you . Mine promptly went into the recycle bin . Give me BPA water bottles any day over these .
 So it has come to this ! We throw away our water bottles and stop buying bottled water for the fear of ingesting estrogen like plastic , or BPA . Then we go to the internet in desperation in search of a safe water bottle just to buy crap that is made in China.BPA is added to polycarbonate plastics to enable plastic bottles to be clear and shatter proof . It is also used to coat the inside of cans and aluminum products to prevent the metals from eroding into the food . I do n't care if there is a sticker on the bottle stating its BPA free , most likely the bottle leeches less BPA than standard bottles , or they started adding another plastic resin that is even more deadly than BPA but lacks scientific research on it.I urge people not to be fooled buy this marketing rubbish and not buy a `` safe '' water bottle from China .
 Should A Water Bottle Come With Instructions ? The Answer Is Yes When Refering To The Camelbak 32Oz . Better Bottle . The Bite Valve Is And Still Remains A Mystery To Me . I Bite And Have Flashbacks Of A Baby Bottle Nipple . Not Enough Liquid Entering The Mouth . I Took The Valve Off And It Works Better For Me . Although Without The Bite Valve The Bottle Loses Its Spillproof Lable . Inovative Handle Molded Onto The Bottle Cap . Plus Bottle Appears To Be Very Durable .
 These are the old model , made of Lexan , that leaches Bisphenol A.Sadly I have a few of these that I am tossing out for Camelbak 's new Tritan model . -LRB- Bisphenol free -RRB-
 I 've been using this for a while and I noticed the straw is barely hanging on . it has a nice look to it . But the top part could have been made more sturdy .
 What a pain in the neck this thing is to drink from ! It 's hard to bite down on the cover and drink from the built-in straw . It is easy to carry but unless you are obsessed with not spilling a single drop of water , it 's not worth the effort .
 The bottle leaks badly and is very hard to keep clean.It 's a neat idea , though and I have used it in the field a lot ... but then when I tried to clean it , I noticed that it was full of black gunk.I 've tried the Camelback cleaning kit ... got the straw clean , Ok and the bottle itself is cleanable , but the screwon top , with it 's fixturees are very hard to get apart and clean throughly.I would n't reccomend it if cleanliness is essential!BFree
 The size is great and the color is very rich . The top is very durable , but the initial trial of the bottle was interesting . You actually have to bite the rubber end to get the tip to open and allow you to suck water up the straw -LRB- takes some practice and oral talent -RRB- . I teach high school and I wanted to use crushed ice in with the water to use at work . The straws are about an inch short of reaching the bottom of the bottle . When I add ice , the straw typically gets dislodged from the cover multiple times and I ca n't get a drink without taking the cover off and fishing the straw , which has now sunk to the bottom of the bottle . If I could melt the straw to the top , I would ... I 'd shop for something else next time .
 I own four of these bottles so I know when I say that these bottles are not as good as the hype . No matter what you 're doing , nobody wants to kill themselves sucking water through a straw . The bite valve is also exposed and gets dirty really easy , especially when backpacking or hiking , and it 's tough to clean . It also leaks everywhere if it 's turned upside down , even if the valve is closed . Check out the Contigo Autoseal water bottles , they 're cheaper , wo n't leak , are much handier and do n't take the effort of sucking through a stupid straw . Camelbak I love you guys but this bottle sucks .
 After several months of almost daily use , my Camelbak bottle mouthpiece broke today , and I thought I might share with you how thrilled I am to get rid of this worthless piece of junk and order a sturdy new Thermos bottle to replace it . The Camelbak mouthpiece structure is of extremely poor quality , which is one of the many problems with this bottle . The clear plastic mouthpiece / `` bite-valve '' itself is generally ok , but the hard plastic part it sits on is really poorly made . One of the really flimsy tiny plastic prongs on that part broke long ago and that part has never sat right , as a result of constantly having to disassemble several parts of the mouthpiece and filter in order to clean it . The result was crimping of the clear plastic straw -LRB- also poorly crafted -RRB- underneath the mouthpiece , making water flow into the bite valve difficult . I thought I could deal with that , since I had invested in several of the rather pricey carbon filters , but combined with the other disadvantages , it 's really not worth putting up with.It is an abominable pain to clean , for something that is top rack dishwasher safe . There are so many small parts you have to pull apart that it 's simply maddening and takes up a lot of space in your dishwasher . You also have to take the carbon filter out of it to clean -LRB- what am I gon na do with this nasty looking gray thing ? I guess I get to display it on my kitchen counter on a paper towel till the load is done ... gross . -RRB- This bottle also leaks like crazy . Do n't put it in a bag or backpack -- even if it 's positioned sturdily upright , water somehow manages to get out . You may as well bring a cup with you wherever you go , because this thing is useless for portability , unless you 're carrying it upright in your hand . I gave up bringing water with me anywhere and just filled it up wherever I was . I thought the whole point of a water bottle was portability.The carbon filters , while a good idea in theory , do n't do a good job of filtering . I still get the water fountain taste that Brittas or Pur filters take out . Those pricey little carbon filters are just not worth it.I think the only good thing I have to say about this bottle is that it is BPA-free . Fortunately , many other companies are making them that way now , so I never have to purchase a Camelbak again . Steer clear of this bottle and spend your money on something that will last , does n't leak , filters , and is n't a pain to clean . Is that too much to ask , Camelbak ?
 Original Review
 I just want to drink the water . I would prefer a simple straw . For me this product is all wet .
 Must wash tip thoroughly , mine got moldy in 2 days ! You have to take the tip off at least 4 times a week and clean it with soap and a q tip of expect serious mold , eww . I forgot it was not dishwasher safe , and washed it , it warped in dishwasher so I got a Klean kanteen instead because it is dishwasher safe .
 I was looking for a BPA free water bottle that would hold a lot of water but still fit in my car cupholder and that had a straw but was leakproof . I ordered one of Nathan 's stainless steel flip top straw bottles and a Camelbak `` Better '' bottle . The Camelbak has already gone into the recycling bin and I 've order more of the Nathan stainless steel bottles so that I have them at home , work and in the car . I found having to bite down on the Camelbak straw annoying and bothersome and that no matter how hard you bite down it is still difficult to drink . The Nathan bottle is BPA free , has a wide mouth so it can be filled and cleaned easily in the dishwasher , the straw is leakproof without having to bite down on it , and it fits in my car cupholder much better than the Camelbak . Plus , the design on the Nathan flipstraw allows you to open and close it witout touching the straw which is great for when your hands are dirty .
 You have to bite so hard that it 's more work than it 's worth . Maybe i just like to drink a lot more water per gulp but i sure do n't get much out of it and it makes my jaw hurt from having to bite so hard ! It makes me drink LESS water . I wish it made me want to drink more !
 I 've had a Camelbak bottle in the past . It was nice . Then I lost it.I bought another as a replacement . I put in ice , put in water ... and bam . It was like there was a craft it was leaking so bad . My mother 's bottle did the same though , and we realized it was condensation . It was really annoying , as we wanted to use it immediately . It got so bad we had to put a paper towel and foil around it.Everything else was great . The bite valves were perfect . The tab to pull the valve up was plastic - making it easy to do so . It was durable . It had no taste or odor . Great . All of it was great . Except if left alone with water and ice , there 'd be a puddle a good six inches under it within an hour.In the end I had to return it . And that in itself was a joke . The company that sold it to me had clear instructions how to return , then sent me the bottle back two weeks later , soaking wet , with a note saying no returns were accepted . They tried to refer me to Amazon , who said they did n't sell it and had no say.It was a joke . All for a bottle that could n't hold anything but luke warm water . I finally had to purchase the insulated version , which is great . I just wish this had worked .
 I gave one of these to my cross country running nephew and he loved it . But noticed his time was declining and he was feeling sick . After several weeks of researching what the problem could be we discovered under the bite valve part there was black mold . YIKES ... make sure you disassemble the whole top and clean it real good.Fortunately we found it before any serious health concerns had a permanent effect on his health . BEWARE ... CLEAN , CLEAN , CLEAN .
 I LOVED THIS water bottle until the bite valve broke off - not the silicone part but the part that the silicone attaches to . . and what was in there ? GROSS MOLD . . i was so disgusted . You ca n't see it but it 's there . I was always so careful cleaning this water bottle and then I found this ? ugh . . The kids version has an entire silicone bite valve that you can clean out . This one needs this too . .
 We are n't an extremely active outdoor family but when I was researching for water bottles for my two boys , I figured these were a no brainer with all the high reviews . But not long after getting them , one of them started leaking water around the valve area on the lid . We figured it had something to do with the way our 6 year old was using it because our other sons bottle was doing really well . Then as I was sitting down getting ready to order myself one , we noticed the other one leaking the same way . We ca n't figure out why they would start doing this because they basically just sit out on the table or counter or sit in the car , no rough treatment . I was really excited to from such high reviews and was willing to forgive one cup as a fluke but not two . Sadly , I will be taking my business elsewhere .
 I loved the bottle up until one morning I went to go fill it and I saw mold in the bite valve . I cleaned it up thinking it must have been a fluke and maybe the temperature of our place mixed funny with some water , I know know , I tried to make up every excuse because really I love the water bottle.Well , today I think I 've had a enough . I clean it every morning , only put water in it , and I 'm not one to eat and drink . I feel like I 'm doing everything correct , but I found some mold again today -LRB- after washing it this morning and drinking with it all morning . Can someone please help me here ? I guess I 'll write to the company , but I wonder if I 'm doing something wrong.Why am I getting mold in the bite valve when I clean it every day ? Thanks .
 I ordered a chili red Camelbak water bottle for a friend . Upon arrival I discovered that the bottle is branded by the company that sells them through Amazon . In big letters across the bottle was the Moosejaw logo -LRB- the company that sells the bottle through Amazon -RRB- despite the product description not mentioning this . If you do n't mind walking around advertising a company you probably have never heard of this review is n't for you .
 I 'm jealous of all these great reviews here . Mine broke within the first month without anything drastic happening to it . One of the nubs that lets the bite valve rotate snapped . Until then it was a great water bottle , but really I expected more for the price .
 My family has several of these , and they 're great right out of the package . The problem is , the lids do n't seem to hold up too well , and you ca n't buy just a new lid . E.g. , the backstop valve in the center has come off of one -LRB- so it spills through that hole -RRB- , and on another , the drinking valve feels there 's something stuck in it -LRB- so you need to be a professional horn player to actually get any liquid out of it -RRB- . On other ones - and this is pretty common - the ` hinge ' of the drinking valve has gotten loose , which , again , leads to leaking.So , at this point , I have about 7 bottles , and only 2-3 working lids . If you could buy new replacement lids , this would be 5-stars , easy .
 The sturdy construction is great but it sweats when you have ice in it and it is really hard to drink water out of it compared to our other water bottles that have really large open straws , so the main problem is that the bite valve needs to be much larger to be able to get more water out easily .
 Bought this bottle in July 08 and initially loved it . I used it everyday and it made getting my water in a little easier . After about a month of use , the bottle started to leak . I would pick it up to take a drink and water would spill down the front of my shirt . Somehow water was leaking up and out of the straw and then would pool on the top until I picked it up and spilled it on myself . I contacted the company and recieved a generic response that did n't resolve my problem . I emailed again and got a response that made a little more sense ... I think they read my email this time . The problem was n't resolved . They stated they would send me a replaceemnt lid , but hav n't heard or recieved anything since I requested the replacement.I started folding the straw down everytime I was done drinking . This seemed to keep the liquid from coming up and out of the straw while it was sitting . Just the other night while I was at the gym , I went to open the straw to take a drink and the plastic piece at the base of straw that you use to open and shut it broke . It just snapped off . After roughly 3 months of use.Maybe the company will surprise me and eventually send me the replacement that they promised .
 This water bottle is great . It in unique with the mouth piece and straw , but it ca n't be used with sunscreen or bug spray on your hands . I just bought my wife a brand new one and after our first hik , e we put it in the dishwasher . She had used both OFF bug spray and Banana Boat sunscreen , and the bottle came out of the dishwasher with a cloudy film all over it . I called the warranty department and they told me that it is the only thing they have found that destroys the finish . The lady recommended that I not apply sunscreen or bug spray when using their product , or if I must to throughly wash my hands after applying . The warranty does not cover this type of incident . I do n't know about you , but I usually use a camelbak for hiking outside where there are bugs and plenty of sun . Needless to say good idea for a product , but not the quality of a nalagene bottle .
 This bottle is a great size , color ... looks good , but unless you keep that weird nipple thing on , it will squirt up the straw and leak on you ! It also feels kind of weird sucking on the straw ... like a baby bottle !
 I 've owned this bottle for about 6 months . Initially , I thought it was great since it leaked no more than the occasional drop . But recently , I 've noticed that water pools at the top when sitting and gets everywhere when I go to reach for it . Also , I left the bottle in the cupholder of my car and when I returned found a large puddle below the bottle . I think that it is so airtight that the air inside the bottle expands when warming and the water is forced up the straw . Very annoying since I like to drink cold water that will eventually heat to room temperature .
 There are a couple reasons I would not buy this again . First off , having a flip top design means there are lots of crevices for dirt/dust to gather . It 's nearly impossible to clean it properly because of that . Second , the tip cracked open making it impossible to suck up any liquid through it because the opening was so big . The bottle itself is pretty durable , that 's about the only positive thing I can say about it . Otherwise , this just is n't a good design and I 'd urge you to go with a klean kanteen , much better design and quality .
 I purchased this water bottle as a birthday gift for my nephew . Upon opening the box , I noticed a largelogo of `` Moosejaw '' stamped on the bottle.When you view the item for purchase , the logo is not shown and it would have been nice to see that before hand .
 Does what it is supposed to do obviously . The top leaks though after a month or two . Also the bite thingy comes off and you can see all the dirt and grime that gets in there . It is pretty hard to clean . I am just going to stick with the traditional screw off top . I wont buy again or recommend to anyone .
 I bought 2 of these water bottles , a green and a blue one . I really like them over all . They open and close easily , the looks and feel nice . the build quality seems very high.However , the blue bottle is no longer clear , the outside is now `` frosted '' and looks like a kid with sticky fingers -LRB- after a doughnut or something -RRB- has been holding it . The green one is still prefectly clean and looks great . Each has gone though the same number of washings , and treated pretty much exactly the same .
 Even though the product description said this would not leak , it did . It was purchased for a lunchbox water bottle . It left puddles in the lunchbox . Would not recommend . Very frustrating !
 The CamelBak BPA-Free Better Bottle with Bite Valve is not what i expected . i like the feel and the easy of drinking . But it drips a lot . i am not sure if it is a defect because i purchased 2 and both drip like crazy . Fortunately i only put water in the bottles .
 So sad ! I finally found the `` perfect water bottle '' for me , but it began to leak shortly after purchasing it . I have properly cared for it - never even put it in the dishwasher , yet it leaks ! The air escape spot at the top seems to bubble up almost , and leak the fluid out all over . Bummer . I suppose my water bottle quest continues ... : -LRB-
 So , I love the idea of this but it just did n't work for me . I never felt like I could get it clean , especially up into the straw . And after a while , in the mouthpiece part , it got all moldy . Granted , maybe that was my bad , just did n't use it enough . But I tried to clean it out , totally impossible . Once it 's gone , it 's gone . Which is gross because even if you do n't have mold growing in there , who knows how nasty it can get if you can fully clean it . Yuck .
 I ordered several of these and have the same problems with each one . The top somehow creates a vacuum and draws up water and actually bubbles up out of the bottle and floods my car 's cup holder quite frequently . This happens no matter if the valve on top is left in an open or closed position . Very annoying and messy !! The bottles also leak whenever not kept strictly upright , and the plastic mechanism on top that open and closes can have one of the hinges broken pretty easily , which means the bottle leaks all over you every time you take a drink . I love the concept , but it just does n't work .
 The CamelBak BetterBottle is a hard plastic , BPA-free reusable water bottle . It comes with a bite valve , where by biting down on a plastic nub , you can suck water up through the included straw . The assembly can be disassembled for cleaning.The plastic bottle is comparable to a Nalgene bottle in strength . It even has the same screw threads , so you can attach an MSR Miniworks water filter to it . Cleaning it is a cinch with any normal-sized dishwashing brush.But the problem for me , and it 's a serious one as you might lose the precious fluid within the bottle , is the top . The bite valve leaks , and if you have it on the outside of a backpack , and the backpack gets turned upside down -- for example , you turn it over as you shove it into a car trunk -- then water will dribble out . If the bite valve is lost -LRB- which can happen during washing more easily than you 'd think outdoors -RRB- , then water flows out steadily and there 's no way at all to keep the bottle sealed . Furthermore , the bite valve gets dirty if you are using the bottle outside much . Now , CamelBak does offer thebite valve coverandhydrolock topwhich seal the top , and the former keeps dirt off , but when one has already spent so much money on this piece of hard plastic , it 's objectionable that the company would have you spend so much more on another piece of soft plastic.The bite valve having been lost , I need to replace my Better Bottle , but this time I am going with the competition .
 I bought a bunch of these bottles for myself and my daughter . I disassembled them once a day and cleaned all the parts -LRB- bite valve , top , straw and bottle -RRB- thoroughly . I even bought some pipe cleaners and used them to clean inside the top piece and around where the bite valve swivels . I thought I was keeping them clean , but when two of the bottles broke I realized how wrong I was . The way these bottles are designed it is impossible to clean them properly . I am disgusted that I was letting my daughter drink out of something that had black mold inside ! Not to mention the replacement bite valve and straws cost 6.99 for one valve and two straws - what a rip off !! I 've now bought thermos brand sippies for my daughter to use -LRB- replacement straws are only a buck apiece ! -RRB- and have gone back to a plain stainless steel bottle for myself . These bottles are a great idea but they need to be redesigned to allow you to clean all parts of them . I wish I could upload a photo of how disgusting they were inside . Ick .
 I have had a couple of these bottles and I 've used them for a few years . The CamelBak concept works very well , but the problem comes after repeated use . Mildew builds up in the bite valve and in the plastic mechanism that holds the valve . It is very hard to clean because the mildew grows in areas that are too small to fit a brush or q-tip into . Soaking it in bleach does n't work either . After a while the bottle becomes just plain unsavory . I 've had to throw mine out and start over with a differently designed water bottle .
 I purchased my bottle 2 months ago and it is already leaking !! It was great a first , you could even store it upside down and it would not drip . Now if my bag gets slightly tilted it will end up soaked . Bummer ! I never put it in the dishwasher or misused it in anyway , not sure why it is leaking.It was a great bottle in design - love the bite valve - although my jaw was sore the first day when I was getting used to it!Also FYI that the 1-Liter bottle will not fit in any cup holder which makes it a hassle - especially at the gym or in the car-the bottom of the bottle is very wide .
 Mouthpiece broke in a matter of days , now it just leaks from the top . I recommend getting a bottle with just a simple , twist-off top .
 I 've had two . Both have developed leaks within a month of moderate use , so they 've been relegated to desk duty .
 I went into the bush of africa with this water bottle . You have to put a lot of energy into getting the water out in the first place . Then the water bottle broke making it unable to hold water with out it spiting out . I was in Africa for 2 weeks and only had it a week before the trip . It broke about four days in . I was defiantly not happy . When I called to get replaced they told me because I took it out into the bush I would not be able to get a return .
 I own 4 of these bottles of varying sizes . One of them is the BPA free version . I have never liked the rubber bite valve and have always taken them off right away . There is a rubber flap that covers the air intake hole that prevents water from getting out . The downside to this is it also prevents air from getting out when the bottle is just sitting . When there is cold water in the bottle and it sits at room temperature and warms up , the water expands and leaks out the main valve . A solution is to remove the little rubber flap that covers the air intake hole but this makes it more prone to spilling when the bottle tips over.Two of the bottles -LRB- both older 0.5 L -RRB- seem to have a small opening and very little water comes out no matter how hard I suck on it . There appears to be two moving rubber parts in the mouthpiece that get stuck easily and no amount of cleaning gets them to work properly.One bottle -LRB- newer BPA free 1L -RRB- the mouthpiece turned orange for no particular reason . It does n't affect the performance , it just makes it look dirty when it is n't . That same bottle the lever to flip up the valve broke off . I have never dropped the bottle , it just broke off from regular use.This leaves only 1 bottle -LRB- older 0.75 L -RRB- out of 4 that I have n't had any problems with.I have written to the email on their website about warranty claims and have never even received a response from them . -LRB- edit
 I bought this `` Bite valve '' type a few months ago - worst decision . It is very hard to use , I can never get enough water out to quench my thirst . I HIGHLY recommend going with the pressure / jet valve type -LRB- CamelBak Podium Bottle -RRB- instead . Much easier to use and it has a locking feature .
 I bought this water bottle for work . It 's not too bad , the squeeze and suck takes a little to get used to . BUT it broke easily , the little handle to pull up the bite valve broke very easily . And then the GROSS part . The bite valve got MOLDY . I tried to keep it dry , but it is not easy at all . I will not be buying this again .
 It worked ok for about 6 months and then the plastic that keeps the bite valve in place broke . Once it broke , I was able to see some green/black guck -LRB- mold I presume -RRB- that was hiding under the bite valve area . I wash my water bottle in the dishwasher almost every week and I still could n't get rid of the mold . I used the bottle until the bite valve broke off and the water bottle became useless .
 I have had three of these and I have one left . One had the straw crack . The other two failed where the bite valve attaches to the lid there are two small plastic pins . The one of the pins sheered off on two of my bottles . I got them free through work but would not pay for these .
 I honestly do n't get it . I was told CamelBak -LRB- BPA-Free -RRB- were so great . I bought 6 of them . Two 32oz with the straw attached flip top ; two somewhere in the 20-30 oz range with the same flip cap straw design ; and two 16 oz with a plain and simple cap that must be unscrewed in order to drink . Do you know what ? THEY ALL LEAK . The shocker comes with the 16oz plain screw on cap . CamelBak makes that loop handle attach to all the lids I have and that 's where they 've been leaking from since day 1 . That 's right , they all leak , even the plain cap , from the middle of the caps.When I put them in my insulated lunch bag , I have to strategically make a support system out of my lunch and snacks to keep the CamelBak lid facing up . Sometimes when I come home , I put down my lunch bag forgetting I had to use a Camelbak that day and in the morning I open up the bag which has flooded thanks to that Camelbak . If you are wondering , I only use them when all the Nalgene bottles are in the dishwasher waiting to get washed.I also have come to dislike their gradual thinning from base to lip . I like to either put ice cubes in my water bottles or sometimes pour water half way up and put it in the freezer . In both cases , when all has turned to ice -LRB- overnight -RRB- I fill the rest with water and take it out to the car and put it in my cup holder . The water condensation on the outside of the bottle within the first 10 minutes of driving makes the surface of the bottle so slippery that I can not get a strong enough grip on it to get it out of the cup holder to take a drink . This is most notable on the largest 2 , but the next larger 2 do it as well.I stick with Nalgene now . I love their bottles and their accessories . I have five 32 oz Nalgene -LRB- BPA-Free -RRB- for years now . A couple of years ago on only one of the lids , the loop from the lid to it 's anchor around the bottle snapped . It cost me less than $ 1.50 to get a replacement from Nalgene . I 'm off to get a 2 smaller ones . I buy them and any accessories straight from Nalgene . They should know how to make great bottles , they 've been making all the glassware and other types of materials that goes into labs for a long , long , time.I honestly just do n't get what people see in this product at all . I 'm truly stunned by that rating . If I had one leak , that 's an obvious DOA -LRB- dead on arrival -RRB- , but 6 , sorry , there 's a real issue there .
 These bottles are VERY HARD to keep clean . The inside of the lid -LRB- where the straw attaches , and up through the valve -RRB- gets moldy very easily . The first time I put a small bottle brush in there , I could n't believe how much `` yucky stuff '' came out . The valve also gets moldy , and it 's impossible to get all the mold out . Of course , Camelbak will sell you replacement straws and valves , but they are ridiculously overpriced -LRB- in Jan 2013 , six bucks for 2 straws and 2 valves -RRB- . A simple hand washing is not enough to keep the bottle , valve , straw , and lid clean and mold-free . You 'll need a very small bottle brush to keep the lid workings clean , a toothpick or some other pointy object to try and remove mold in the valve , etc. I recently purchased the Thermos Nissan Intak Hydration Bottle -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Thermos-Nissan-Hydration-Bottle-Purple/dp/B001EGO64U/ref=sr_1_2?s=home-garden&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1357306279&sr;=1-2&keywords;=Thermos+Nissan+Intak+Hydration+Bottle -RRB- . Simple design and very easy to keep clean . Only drawback for me is that the largest size is 24 ounces . The only positive for me on the Camelbak bottle is that it 's 32 ounces .
 I was so happy to receive a Camelbak BPA free bottle as a gift 2 years ago . Used it every day and filled it a few times a day with filtered water . Recently I started developing problems with discomfort while biting down on the bite valve . Upon looking closer at my front upper teeth I discovered that I now have a front tooth gap that I did not have before . My bite is also different . Using this bottle every day is the only thing different that I have done . When looking at smile photos 3 years ago , this gap was not present . Then looking at a photo from 6 months ago it was very evident with the tooth gap although it did not give me discomfort so I did not notice it . I have since stopped using the bottle and feel that my only solution to this will be to go to an orthodontist to get this repaired . I feel the bite valve is the cause of my problems and I caution people against having to bite down to get your waterCamelBak BPA-Free Better Bottle with Bite Valve
 My little kid of four years old has been using this bottle regularly . At first , I was really pleased as it was BPa free . Sometimes I did wonder if the mouthpiece was really clean as some inner parts are impossible to take out and clean . However I brushed my doubts away as it appeared to be clean . I had problems with the straw initially but then put it standing straight in the dishwasher and that did the trick of cleaning inside it.But one day the valve on the mouthpiece broke and came out and I saw black mold on the inner parts of the mouthpiece . Everyday , this bottle goes in the dishwasher , all the pieces taken out one by one . Hence I was really upset to see that despite the washing , there was mold . I wish that I had read reviews before . My son has had throat infections -LRB- not strep -RRB- several times for the past six months . I am really upset that I did not make the link earlier about a defective mouthpiece that can not be properly cleaned !!!
 I 've searched for someone else noticing throat infections after using this , but it looks like I 'm one of a kind . So although it looks like no one else has this problem , I wanted to share my experience in case anyone else is looking : I drank from a Camelbak with the bite-valve , 32 oz . Shortly after I got a nasty throat infection . I took antibiotics but kept the bottle . The infection came back with a VENGEANCE shortly after . I gave up Camelbak for 2 months or so , during that time I had no problems . Then I got a BPA-free version and got the infection again -LRB- `` not strep '' though I was tested several times -RRB- . I gave it up for 6 months or so . No infections during this time . Then started drinking from another BPA-free version , and got white spots on my throat again . Gave up the bottle ; spots & sore throat went away without antibiotics.Overall 4 times of getting an infection after drinking from the bite-valve version . I 've been using the non-bite version -LRB- `` classic cap '' -RRB- for about a month , no infections & no problems.I 'm pretty sure they 're correlated - enough so that I 'll NEVER drink from a bite-thing unless it 's been thoroughly cleaned -LRB- like on a day hiking trip w / backpack -RRB- . Never drinking from the water bottle version again.So , correlated , yes . But why ? I do n't know . I drank a TON of water -LRB- 1.5 to 2 gallons a day -RRB- through that bite-valvue . So it was either the pressure on my throat , or I was n't cleaning it thoroughly enough . With the valve I drink 1.5-2 gallons daily . Without it , I drink about 1 gallon a day.It could be I was just drinking too much water with it . Or too much through the straw & it created pressure . Or I could n't keep it clean . Or the design of it is poor & it grows bacteria . I honestly do n't know.But every time I started drinking from it , about 10 days later I 'd get a sore throat , then a little while later I 'd get white spots on my throat/tonsils . I now have the .5 literCamelBak BPA-Free Better Bottle with Classic Cap . It looks small at first , but I love it . Fits in my cupholders even !
 My bottle makes a really loud noise when I try to get any water . It is like there is a leak somewhere , because in addition to the sound there is a very small volume of water that comes through . The sound is like a cross between a squeal and the sound your straw makes in the bottom of a nearly-empty cup of soda . And this is when the bottle 's full.So , if I had it to do over again I would not buy this for these reasons : Too loudDoes not suck up a lot of water for the effort expendedWo n't fit in my car 's cup holderFungus grows in the bite valve easilyBut mainly I do n't like the sound . I ca n't drink this thing in work meetings or in class at school . I ca n't drink it when I 'm watching a movie with friends .
 Wish I would of realized this was not the same camelbak water bottle that I had for years the standard pull up nozzle . Unfortunately I misplaced it . The bite nozzle is awkward . I hate it !
 The bite valve was defective on this , so I basically only use it by taking the whole lid off when I want to drink . I should have returned it right away , but procrastinated , and now it 's too late to return .
 Novelty of leak proof mouth piece and no need of inverting bottle to drink fades quickly when the bite piece is too hard to clean in the inside to give piece of mind , discolors , and creates jaw ache b/c the mouth piece is tough and you have to continuously bite down to get a continuous flow of water . And after about a month of use , one hinge of the mouth piece broke causing an awkward flipping of the mouth piece . Not very sanitary as you 're constantly touching the mouth piece to flip it on/off . If you 're looking for a BPA-free water bottle that is ergonomically designed , consider the KOR water bottles . That 's what I switched to and am super happy with it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 one nnoying feature about this product is that dirt seems to collect in the nozzle , promoting bacteria growth . it is very hard to clean that nozzle as a finger can barely fit in there as well . im glad im drinking water more but could be less worried about bacteria collection
 This water bottle was great for the first six months or so . I used and washed it regularly . After six months or so , I noticed black fungus looking material in the bite valve , which was only visible when I held it up to light . This bacteria was impossible to remove ... so I trashed it .
 I did . I 've used it for a couple of weeks now , and while the bottle is lightweight , BPA free , has a great little handle for carrying around , and does n't leak , I ca n't get past the straw . I drink 3 liters of water a day , and by noon my jaw is so sore from the effort to bite and drink , it 's just not worth it . It may just be me . I do n't chew gum either because my jaw ca n't take the effort . So if you do n't have that problem , then this bottle is for you . If you are like me , though , and you have a sensitive jaw joint , then I 'd look for a different solution .
 I am a huge fan of camelback water bottles . They are a great size and are pleasant to drink out of . I lost the camelback that I had , so I bought another one online.The bottle that I received , however , worked horribly . Something is wrong with the mouthpiece ; I can barely get any water out . To drink , I have to unscrew the lid and drink out of it like a giant cup.I 'm guessing this was just a fluke . I do n't think this distributor intentionally sent me a bad bottle .
 While the description clearly states it is `` spill-proof , '' my bottle had a steady leak coming from underneath the bite valve . It leaked whether or not the valve was clicked open or closed . My reason for purchasing this item was so I could throw it in my purse and have it on the go , but that 's not possible with how quickly this leaks -LRB- without making a mess , course -RRB- . I also did n't care for the bite valve and the amount of water that would come out of it . It felt similar to drinking from a water fountain , where you just ca n't get enough water in one sip . Overall , I was very disappointed in the quality of this bottle , especially since I 've always heard such good things about this particular model . I suppose if you do n't plan to have the bottle on its side at all , and you do n't prefer having larger swigs of water , you might like this .
 I owned two of these bottles . The first one fell 16 inches off a bench and the lever that moves the bite valve broke clean off . It also contantly leaked around the seals when full of water and tilted on its side . Every time I 'd throw in a backpack or gym bag my gear would come out wet . The second one leaks the same way the first one does . Probably the safest way to use it is sitting undisturbed on a desk or table . Face it , there 's cheaper and more effective cups and glasses on the market .
 I got this bottle to take to class with me and keep in my backpack . The bite-valve was rather annoying because it seemed unnecessary and does n't let you take normal gulps of water . You have to slowly suck the water through it . I got rid of the rubber bite valve and it then everything was working great until I realized what the bite valve is for.With the bite-valve gone If you put cold water in the bottle and do n't drink it right away it will eventually warm up creating pressure inside the bottle . When you go to take a drink you 'll get a nice squirt of water everywhere from the water being forced up through the straw . I also left this bottle in my car once without putting the valve down and came back to find a puddle of water in my console from the water heating up and spurting up through the straw from sitting in the sun.A bigger bite valve would solve the problem for people like me who do n't like slowly sipping my water . If I would have known about this at the time of purchase I would have went with something else .
 My daughter used it for 3 months . She liked it . But the flip part broke . We had to throw it away . Wish it could last longer .
 `` Spillproof '' bottle leaks every time . If you 're looking for a bottle that you 'll feel safe leaving in you pack , setting on the seat of your car or leaving any other place where it will not be stored 100 % upright at all times , look elsewhere.This `` spillproof '' bottle is anything but . Have gone through 3 of these -LRB- under impression first 2 were defective -RRB- . The bottles are not defective , just defectively designed and marketed . All 3 have leaked all over my pack , car , etc. . . No point in paying extra for the `` spillproof '' lid if it does n't work as advertised .
 I had the older model , before the whole BPA phenomena ... they were awesome ! No problems . I used them so much the valves cracked and I needed new ones so I bought 2 of these . They are horrible compared to the others ! The LEAK CONSTANTLY !!!!!! I am so disappointed in them I ca n't even tell you . Maybe I am the only one since the majority of people are rating them so highly but both of my newer bottles leak . Even when I used my old lids on them . I HATE these bottles !!!!
 I appreciate the nifty features and excellent durability of this water bottle , and I 'm not surprised so many people love it to death . Still , I feel obligated to try and warn the hapless souls who share my priorities in water bottle performance.Here are my grievances :1 . You must insert the soft protrusion into your mouth , and then bite and suck simultaneously .2 . Like a teat , this water bottle does not simply let you * have * water . You must suckle vigorously and earn your water .3 . Since the bottle is made of futuristic superplasic you must pause frequently , or punch a hole in the bottom .4 . This is the biggie . When you try and suckle free the final half inch of water , the bottle cuts you off . I feel a strange , helpless despair when this happens . It is like a bully taking away the last bike of your treat right as you place it inside your mouth.Some folks just want a robust stream of water powered by gravity . Maybe even hand powered for those who like to be in control . I like to think I 'm a healthy and stable person who does n't let water bottles get under their skin . Apparently this is not true . This water bottle sends me into a teeth gnashing fury . I hate the damn thing .
 This is a great bottle except the water does NOT stay in the bottle . ANY change in temperature , altitude or for really no reason at all water comes up the spout and pours all over the car , my clothes , important papers , etc. . Not just a little trickle either , a LOT of water . It really is a nice bottle , too bad they did n't do just a little more R&D . This is definitely a reason I wo n't use this bottle .
 i just used my bottle for the first time today and it leaks all over the place - i ruined a shirt today , i made an ice tea mixture , and it leaked all over a white blouse i was wearing - i had high hopes for this product and am trying to save the over usage of purchasing bottled water , now im not so sure its what i want .
 I have two of these purchased a year apart and they both leak if not kept upright . I bought a second when i noticed the first was leaking when i began to put it in a desk drawer . I figured ` hey its old ' and bought a new one , which leaked the first day.I actually love these bottles , but wish they didnt leak so much water .
 I bought 3 of these for my kids . They need something clear so they can see how much water they have left and something they ca n't easily spill . These aspects of the bottle are great . Unfortunately , out of the 3 , we have a broken bite valve -LRB- understandable with kids -RRB- , a broken tab that 's used to flip up the bite valve , and a broken hinge for flipping up the bite valve . If they sold replacement tops and at a reasonable price , it would n't be so bad , but I have n't located anything other than bite valves & straws . Maybe I 'll check out Nalgene .
 I bought this bottle so that I would n't have to buy those disposable plastic bottles of water . Paid -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for it . From day 1 it would leak all over my purses and backpack . In fact I usually just fill it up half way so I do n't have to deal with it . I do n't recommend getting this . Waste of money .
 I was hoping to get a water bottle that I could throw in my bag and not have it soak all of my things . Unfortunately , that is exactly what this bottle does . Each time you take a sip , water leaks down the sides . So it is a subtle but fairly constant leak . I would not recommend this water bottle unless you exist in a waterproof world where things can get soaked .
 Cant last a month . Hard too clean . Plastic bottled water tastes better . Bite piece gets very moldy , hard to clean place . Suggest drinking from a water filtered pitcher .
 My wife and I bought these bottles about 2 years ago and were really excited about them at first . Here are the problems that arose for us :1 -RRB- Hard to clean . The straw , the bite valve , the lid with too many crevices -- too difficult to clean it all . Mold grew on the inside of the bite valve and it was hard to reach/clean . My wife was grossed out and just gave up using hers after several months . Mold grew in the straw , too , where it attaches to the lid .2 -RRB- Leaked . When I put cold water in , the water expanded up the straw as it warmed . It oozed out the bite valve and onto whatever it was in contact with . The warmer the day or colder the water , the leakier the bottle .3 -RRB- Made funny noises when sipping from bite valve . The source of the noise came from a small rubber membrane in the lid that allows air in the bottle as you suck water up the straw and blocks water from coming out -LRB- also can collect mold -RRB- .4 -RRB- Bite valve exposed to the elements . It tucks down to a closed a position but can still come in contact with all kinds of stuff .
 I was very disappointed that after one week , part of the spout broke off making it difficult to open . For that price I expected it to be more durable .
 I bought this product in 2007 from a retail store and it started leaking one month after I purchased it . I had purchased it to replace my Nalgene at the gym since it appeared to be spill-proof in the print ads I was seeing everywhere at the time . I promptly contacted the company who told me to return it to the store , however it was outside the return window so I was stuck with it . 3 years later it still leaks and spits up even just sitting on a counter . If I put it in my purse I 'm guaranteed that my purse will be wet . Obviously , there is a problem with the manufacturing and the company refuses to address it . I really wanted to like the Camelbak -LRB- I think it 's ergonomic and stylish -RRB- , but I 'm still on the lookout for a dripless water bottle .
 I was so excited that I finally found a great bottle for my son , BUT once I opened the package - it will be impossible to get the valve clean . I 'm considering sterilizing it after every other use , but I do n't really know whether the rubber valve can take it and he wo n't end up with some toxins in his drink : -LRB-
 I was excited to get this but after leaving it in my car the bite valve has a terrible taste . It goes away if I wash the valve , but in TN summers a hot car is inevitable , so this has not been a good product for me . It 's a nice design and I 'd like it except for that major issue .
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY on this water bottle . It 's uncomfortable to carry and difficult to drink from . There are many better products ... many at better prices . Bought one for my wife as well and she used it two or three times before discarding it .
 It might be BPA free but its made of # 7 plastic which is known to cause cancer . I figured that out today . Additionally it does not fit in my car cup holder and after 2 weeks of typical use its very scuffed and dull looking . I just tossed it into the recycle bin and am waiting for my new aluminum Oggi bottles to arrive .
 Worst bottle ever . Worst company to deal with ever . I would n't use this bottle if it came with it 's own Rolex . Pretty much imagine holding your eyeball open and having someone dump kitty litter into it . That 's what this bottle is to me . A nightmare . A product that needs to be taken off the market . I 'm pretty sure a baby could choke on this thing so somebody get on that ... Do n't buy it . In fact when you finish reading this , just email them something nasty and told them i sent you .
 it really is not what i thought it would be . its pretty , but i do n't think that the bit part will last for long , then how do you replace it .
 It makes drinking tiring ! You have to keep on biting it hard if you wan na drink . Jeez.I guess my puppy would like the design .
 I had an identical Camelbak water bottle that I loved ! It was stolen so I immediately bought a new one on Amazon . This one is horrible . Its like trying to drink a thick milkshake through a straw . I would really like to return it but obviously I 've already opened it . I work out and need more water flow in my water bottle . I am very disappointed and will be needing another new water bottle .
 My husband bought a bunch of these bottles a while back . Ever since , I only seem to experience disappointments with these bottles . Maybe they could have been great if they first could hold the water in . The only way ; keep them straight . Not easy in a backpack or in a car!Then it was for the straw to go ; everyone in my family stopped using them . I guess we all graduated from sippy cups a long time ago.But the worse of all is the mold . After using them a few times , the rubber tops get really moldy inside ; and when drinking sports drinks , the mold seems to grow instantly . So , we replaced those . Then -LRB- if you use them -RRB- , the straws also end up getting moldy inside . And now it 's the air valves that are all moldy . And cleaning these assures your bottle to always leak . If the other problems did n't already , this one definitely pushed me over the top !
 The straw was atained a bright yellow AFTER JUST ONE USE , drinking gatorade out of it . Washing it did n't remove it . Maybe they should make the straw black next time . Also , the straw does n't stay in place well . This bottle is not good .
 I bought this bottle because my neice sweared by it . I even held off buying it for several months because I thought a water bottle with a straw that does not leak was too good to be true . Therefore , I was so thrilled when it arrived before Christmas 2009 . But today , incidently , just 11 days after I no longer can return it , it leaks all over the place . The little plastic valve inside the cap does n't work and just let 's water flow out of the bottle when it 's upside down or sideways ! I was surprised to find my bags wet and refused to believe it could be the bottle . Only when I tipped the bottle upside down did I see it leaking like crazy !! What a waste . I must be one of those who got a bad valve but it should not stop working less than 2 months of use !!!
 I straw works well in this bottle , and I like the handle on the top , but I really dislike the valve to drink out of . It 's too big . I took the rubber piece off , which helps , but now the drinking piece is a bit short and is hard plastic .
 The major problem with this bottle is that it leaks around the mouthpiece . As long as you carry it upright , you are fine , but when it gets tilted , the water seeps out -LRB- trashing whatever else you are carrying in your backpack -RRB- . Also , the `` bite valve '' is made out of rubber snugly fitting around a plastic tube . Unless you scrub it thoroughly after each use , I bet it will very quickly become a breeding ground for all sorts of creatures ... yuck !!! Do n't buy it .
 Worked great for a few months but now it leaks . I always hand washed it and took care of it but I do n't use it very much anymore because I ca n't throw it into my bag .
 ProHard to spillNearly indestructibleConPressurizes in heat and showers youTube attaching bite valve to top will bust off if droppedUnable to buy replacement top without buying the whole thing -LRB- bite valve/straw and all -RRB- Dirt clogs air valveBought these for our kids to use in the car - believed they would prevent spills , which they did -LRB- at first -RRB- . However , we live in a dusty part of the country , so the air valve -LRB- meant to let air into the bottle and make it easier to drink -RRB- is located at the bottom of a ` well ' in the top ... guess where all of the dirt and grime collects ? And , if the valve gets stuck open , when you invert the bottle -LRB- as kids do -RRB- then the water will dribble out of the bite valve as it is n't totally airtight . So , we try to clean out the dirt and grime but can see -LRB- but not reach -RRB- the dirt where the bottom of the bite valve holder rotates onto the top of the straw . Ugh . Also , the air valve is one way , so when the air heats up inside the bottle -LRB- if left in a warm car -RRB- if you then bite the valve -LRB- or even squeeze it with your fingers -RRB- water will shoot out of the bite valve , pushed by the pressurized air in the bottle . Ugh again . The last straw -LRB- so to speak -RRB- was when the little plastic hinge pins on the bite valve holder cracked off due to the bottle getting dropped or knocked over with the bite valve in the drinking position . Fine , I understand those little pieces of plastic wo n't last forever . But good luck finding a replacement top anywhere . I could only find a complete new bottle or replacement tops that forced you to buy straws and bite valves as well.So , we gave up on Camelbak and moved to Thermos Intak flip top bottles . They have a lot less issues with dirt , and are almost impossible to break as long as the flip top is closed .
 this looks like a quality product . but i just ca n't get the bite valve down . when i try to use it hardly any water comes out , and i get strangled on my own spit . not good . oh well -
 I 've had four of these bottles in the last year , three of which have had the hinge pegs on the valve break off . It seems that if you do n't close the valve before screwing on -LRB- or off -RRB- the lid there is a high likelihood of torquing the valve to the point of breaking a peg . Its replaceable ... if you can find parts .
 I did like this bottle initially . It was my first foray outside the basic Nalgene screw top type bottle , and the ability to drink without removing the lid is nice . However , I encountered several problems . 1 -RRB- It is not entirely leak-proof ; I have had a mild degree of leaking when the bottle is not upright ; i.e. in a bag . Also , and this is not a usual situation I admit , since the straw goes to the bottom and the top is air-tight , this WILL leak spontaneously in the upright position if you take it on an airplane with any amount of water in it -LRB- as the cabin pressure falls and relatively high pressure inside the bottle forces water up the straw -RRB- . 2 -RRB- Flow rate through the bite valve is slower than I would prefer to drink . 3 -RRB- Both bottles I bought broke within a month or two - on one the little ridge used to flip open the valve broke off -LRB- so I had to scoop my finger around the valve to lift it up -RRB- ; on both the plastic `` axle '' or pins on which the valve flips up and down broke off , so the valve just kind of flopped around and would n't really close properly . 4 -RRB- While smaller than a liter Nalgene bottle , it is still too large -LRB- diameter -RRB- to fit in most standard cup holders.Buy a Thermos Intak bottle instead . It is a dream .
 I purchased 2 of these water bottles , I loved them until the water comes back up and leaks . Not happy with that and not my favorite water bottle.Would not recommend for purchase .
 Since my initial review I have bought a couple more of these bottle . I had bought one of these that I would use for my two year old . This bottle is a great water bottle but if you use juice ... just do n't unless you want to go through a lot of effort to clean it . I would change the stars up to maybe three or four now that I have been using it as just a water bottle but I was n't able to .
 My kids love these bottles . My now 12 year old and 7 year old used their own money to buy their camelbak bottles about a year and a half ago . They worked great for quite awhile . Then after about 10 mos . of use , the lid on one broke . The part that flips open and shut broke where it swivels . I wrote the company and they honored the warranty , sending me a new lid , no problem . At the same time , I bought a third bottle because occassionally my oldest would take his little brother 's . The two that originally bought theirs use theirs at school every day . Well , again , we had good lids for about 5 months . Then , another snapped at the same place as the first . It was still usable but it would leak if it was n't upright . I figured this lid must be the other `` old '' one . Then , a month later another broke at the same place but on both sides so that it is completely unusable . That means one of the newer ones -LRB- 6 mos old -RRB- is now broken . I have no way to know which lid is which . I have no idea if the company will honor another warranty request since I can not prove which bottle is which . And , yet , it 's looking like these lids will not last longer than 6-12 mos . I think it 's because the joint is plastic and it can not take the stress of the rubber bite valve being pulled off every day in order to clean it . And , that 's another thing , when the last one broke completely , we could see inside where it can not be cleaned -LRB- we do own the cleaning kit and use it to be as thorough as possible -RRB- . It is disgusting in there . I 'm unconvinced that it is even safe for my kids to use these lids . Basically , there is a rubber straw piece that sits inside the plastic part that the bite valve goes on . That plastic part is what swivels open and closed and what is breaking . It is also a part that does n't come off . Meanwhile , it looks like water leaks out of the inner rubber straw and gets caught in that plastic which you ca n't get in to clean . It was n't moldy but it was crusty and clearly not clean . Additionally , I can not find anywhere to buy just the lids so if the warranty is n't in order , you have to buy a whole new bottle just to get a lid . There has got to be a better alternative out there . I do n't know where but there has to be . I know I do n't want to be buying new $ 10 - $ 15 bottles every 6 mos just to get a lid . And , I do n't want to be filing a warrany every 6 mos . either .
 The water bottle is fine itself , but even through casual use the hinge which connects and allows the swing of the bite valve and the bottle is already broken . I have used mine for about 1.5 months and it already broke when trying to take off the plastic bite part for cleaning .
 I have had about 5 of these bottles , but have come to breaking point with them.I go to the gym allot so pack them in my gym bag only discover they have leaked throughout the bag unless positioned upright.The leak comes through the valve , to which you might also notice if you are shaking the bottle to mix anything in it.CamelBak claims they are leak free and dishwasher safe , this is not the case brand new bottle once through the dishwasher prior to use ... leaks like a sieve .
 Defective lid so I requested a replacement , they give you no reply or follow up , and then 2 weeks later the wrong replacement part arrives . . . what a joke . . . These are good bottle but they are not cheap and the service sucks . . .
 The spout broke very early on in it 's life . The parts ca n't be replaced due to the design of manufacture . I fix almost everything in the house one way or another but the cap is not a repairable part . Machines build them in certain ways that a human hand ca n't do . Plus - the parts are too fragile . The plastics need to be a more resilient or softer blent to resist cracking and breaking .
 What a waste of money ! You can hardly get any volume of water through the rediculous `` nipple '' water valve . I tried cutting off the very top part to see if it would increase flow to no avail . Then I tried taking the straw off and inverted it to drink , but again hardly any flow of water . If I did not cut the top off , I would be returning it for a full refund .
 i drink a lot of water and this is not enough for me . I have the nalgene as well that works great .
 I realize that I 'm in the minority with this review and most people seem to really like the bottle , but my husband and I hate it . I like a simple water bottle -LRB- BPA-free of course -RRB- . I wish that I looked closer at this bottle before buying it . This is definitely not for me .
 The item shows a clean bottle , but in real life it has stickers on it . If you 're going to sell something , be honest about it 's condition .
 This item was never received . Waste of money . There was no link found on the site to report it . Disappointed with Amazon .
 VERY , VERY DISAPPOINTED . Top was broken when I received , one of the knob ends that rotates the nipple out was busted . to much hassle to send back . still works but will tip to the side . ANNOYING . .
 Purchased this water bottle just after Christmas , and it 's leaking . Contacted both the seller and camel back , as camel back bottles are guaranteed . I have not gotten a response from either . Ordinarily these are great bottles , and I think we just got a bad one .
 Work great for a while then the part that holds the bite value broke . Camelbac sent me a free lid but then a month later it broke again . It also does n't fit in car holders . It is very difficult to keep clean and if you have a clear bite value others can see the build up of scum in the bottle , yuck ! There is just too many pieces to have things go wrong with . The bite value if you are not very carefully when cleanly can tear . Also do n't leave this water bottle in your car . If you do you will have water spilled in your car . As the water or liquid heats up in the straw it forces its way out through the bite valve and will leave you a mess . It is also is prone to leaking as we found out when we bought the smaller version for our 2 year old . Do n't waste your money .
 I wonder if anyone at Camelbak ever thought to fill this bottle with water and turn it upside down to see what would happen . Water gushes out of it , that 's what happens . There is no amount of tightening or readjusting the bite valve that stops the flow . This is NOT `` The spill proof bottle that makes it easy to stay hydrated on the go '' as advertised .
 This sounds like a good idea but it is ONLY if the bottle is kept upright . - If you lay it on it 's side and it 's full of liquid IT WILL LEAK ! - Camelback usually makes a good although more expensive product . Before buying this bottle I even called their customer service rep who assured me that the top w/the bite valve would not leak so I bought one . On my trip to India last month I used my backpack . When I took a bus I had the nearly full bottle in a side pocket . The pack went on top the bus and was lain on it 's side . When I got to my destination the inside of my pack pocket was wet . The bite valve had leaked . Meaning that after that I either had to pack the bottle empty or carry it with me and keep it upright all the time . So if you are a backpacker then buy a bottle with the traditional non-leaking screw on lid -LRB- it 'll be cheaper too -RRB- . I expected more for a brand like Camelback . However , there is 1 really good use for this bottle ; if you have a small child you can safely let them suck from it without any of their backwash getting into the liquid .
 I 'm extremely dissatisfied . The bottle was extremely scuffed and scratched up , this is unexceptable as it is a gift . I love the Camelbak , but am not satisfied with the quality .
 After about 6 months of use , I 'd had repeated problems with this bottle leaking . Curious to know if others experienced this problem , I went to Amazon . Not only did others talk about leakage/spillage , they also alerted me to a mold problem . I immediately got up , went to the kitchen and held the drinking valve up to the light . Well . . LO AND BEHOLD . With a small spoon I scooped out a black , murky substance from the plastic tip that you DRINK from . Can anyone spell yuck ? The leaking was a terrible problem ; however , finding this murky substance in the drinking spout -LRB- how on earth did I not see it before ??? -RRB- was enough to cause me to take these bottles -LRB- I have two -RRB- out to the dumpster . I wish I 'd made a video of me scooping the gunk out of the spout .
 I loved this bottle so much that I have been using it every single day - for school , work , and gym . But today I found mold over the inside of the straw !!! I was trying to get rid of it , but since the straw is so narrow , I could not do a thorough job . I always wash the bottle , the straw , etc. every night and leave them dry . Has anybody had the same experience ? I still like the bottle very much since it is the ideal size and I found it easy to drink . But , I also do n't like the idea that I am drinking water through the straw full of mold ...
 I loved the bottle when I first purchased it . I loved the fact that I could throw the bottle in my purse and not have to worry about it leaking . But after a couple months of use , I noticed that bottle began to leak if it was not upright . I also noticed that mold began to grow inside the straw . Due to the design of the straw piece , it is near impossible to ensure that the inside of the straw is actually clean and free of bacteria each time you attempt to wash it . I will be replacing my two Bite Valve CamelBak bottles for the old fashion screw cap bottle . I do wish that there was some kind of protective cap we could put on the mouthpiece . There were several instances where my bottle fell over into the grass/dirt , leaving the straw useless .
 In theory , this bottle should have worked well for me . I drink water all day and have several water bottles . I thought this looked like a good addition to my collection , but it did n't work too well.The bottle is durable , fits well in cup holders , and looks nice . My complaint is that mine leaks from the cap where it screws on . Every time I 'd have this bottle in my gym bag , my items would get wet . Thank goodness I only had water in it.I find drinking out of the bottle to be a bit awkward . The blue bite valve on the cap is somewhat similar to a baby bottle nipple only with a larger opening -LRB- this is what felt awkward to me and I could barely get water out of it -RRB- . The bottle works , but just make certain to keep it upright and not lean it on its side or your items might get wet like mine . Hopefully my bottle was just defective and they are not all that way .
 I used to love these bottles , so much that I 've purchased two , plus extra straws and bite valves.When originally purchased , both bottles were 100 % leak-proof and I trusted them even laying on their side on the car seat.Recently , my older bottle and now the new one have started to leak around the threaded area . The problem is erratic , and sometimes I can check the bottle before leaving home and have no problems , then lay the bottle on the car seat and 15 minutes later , the seat is soaked . Not a problem if there 's only water inside the bottle , but if there 's colored drink mix , it 's a mess.I 've also had the bottle leak on me and my clothes , causing stains.I 've never washed any of the bottle components in the dishwasher , so I am unsure what caused them to both fail , when one is nearly 2 years old and another was purchased recently.I still love Camelbak bottles , and just purchased the 22 Oz . Performance version -LSB- ... -RSB- product which so far has performed without any leaks.I hope they are able to upgrade the design and fix the leak issue , because Camelbak 's bite valve and straw design is better than anything else on the market .
 I received this water bottle as a gift in the middle of December . I use it about every day , and the bite valve is already getting a tear in the side , and it leaks-really bad ! Also , if I want to drink out of it , I have to tip the bite valve almost all the way to the handle . It 's really annoying , I would n't recommend it .
 When I first got this bottle I LOVED it . It 's very convenient to have a straw , so you do n't have to tip the bottle up every time you want a drink.But , now I 'll never want to buy another one.Why?Because they leak.If you ca n't toss a water bottle into a backpack and go for a hike what good is it ?? Near the end of my bottles life I had to baby it , constantly checking on it , ensuring it was always upright and leak free . Because as soon as I was turned sideways it would start leaking water onto everything else . Cameras , phones , coats , gloves , your backpack , your back . So I ditched it.Also , If I left the water in the straw it had a funny taste after an hour or so . My friend did n't think so , so maybe I 'm more sensitive to it than other but it 's something to think about.My advice ? Only buy if you 're using it around the home and do n't mind/notice a bit of plastic taste from the straw .
 I bought this as a replacement for my beloved lost nalgene . It took some warming up to as I 'm a rather sentimental person , but when I finally decided it was a keeper and came to fully appreciate the awesomeness of not having to stop every time I want to drink water , the stupid thing started leaking everywhere . I have two purses now that are soaked . I do n't know what the deal is . It started leaking right after I had wiped off some buildup of lip-goop and who-knows-what , so apparently maybe my own gross sloughed off cells were plugging whatever hole is the culprit ? Anyway , apparently it has excellent reviews from most , but just be aware that it could leak , and leak a lot .
 I have used Nalgene bottles for years and love them , but I always wanted something that was a little more convenient for traveling in the car and class . Enter the Camelbak ... At first , I was really impressed with the Camelbak . I could open the valve with one hand and did n't end up spilling liquid all over the front of my shirt . It was also a pretty convient size as it would fit in my car 's cup holder . That 's about where my love affair with Camelbak ended ... Two weeks after buying it , the lid began to leak . At first I thought it was just the bite valve itself , but after further examination the leak was actually coming from under the valve where it meets the straw . It leaked regardless if the valve was in the up or down position . It was n't from any rough use of the bottle , just from laying it on its side . The only liquid that I have ever used in it is water . A friend of mine who also uses one said that his also leaked and was told by an REI employee that they all seem to eventually leak.Another pet peeve is that when you are dying of thirst after a workout or long hike , who wants to sip water through a straw ? I always ended up having to take the lid off just so I could actually get a decent swig.Needless to say , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another Camelbak bottle .
 It 's difficult to clean the bite valve , and therefore you should think of getting it replaced rather than cleaning it . If you 're going to get it get the one with classic cap . I have one in lime color and grey color . Personally I regret buying the lime colored one , it looks hideous .
 I 'll be back to THERMOS the next round of water bottles . I wanted to try a new water bottle for my kids , something a little more mature for them , yet easy to use . This is not the ideal product for them . It will leak if the valve is not secured down properly . That 's asking a little much from my 5 year old to tell the difference . I could n't even tell the difference , but found that when I firmly put the valve down it worked . I do n't have much hope for this thing - seems a little cheap to me . Here I come THERMOS !
 I bought four of these bottles for my kids to use at school , they go to a school that does a lot of hiking as part of their learning -LRB- using their environment as a learning tool -RRB- and need durable water bottles . While the bottles are durable the lids suck , they leak like crazy , all of our leakage is coming from between the dark and lighter grey parts of the lids . I emailed the company about this on the first bottle that did this and they kindly sent me a replacement lid , but it leaks too . These bottles are not cheap and to have bought four of them only to have every one of them to leak is a big ol' kick in the backside .
 I , like many others , was initially very impressed by these water bottles . I liked the straw , sizes of bottles , and the lid . However , after about 6 months of use , water started leaking from below the lighter gray plastic piece on top of the lid -LRB- where the plastic and rubber meet -RRB- . The rest of the water bottle works fine , but for all the leaking , the price is n't worth it . I would n't recommend these any more .
 After reading the top rated reviews , I ordered a .5 Liter version of this bottle without a second thought . I 'd urge other potential buyers to do otherwise.The bite valve can be nice , but between it and the straw there 's too much resistance , and it becomes a chore to enjoy some fresh water . The bottle started to leak a few months after I bought it , and it definitely does n't hesitate to make a huge annoying puddle if it gets tipped on its side while traveling . The product description says spill-proof , which is deceptive . While it wo n't spill everything , it 's not suited to putting in a bag for traveling.The neoprene bite valve attracts dirt and lint as if it was gaffer 's tape , and is difficult to clean . Worse , it 's constantly exposed . I find myself being careful of where I place the bottle even when it 's closed . The neoprene valve is small , and impossible to clean the inside with a sponge . I have n't personally noticed any mildew , but other reviews mention it . The valve is constantly moist with no air circulation , so I would expect mildew to be a concern without very frequent cleaning.Overall , it 's a low quality product not worth the hype . I 'm just going to stick with traditional water bottles from now on .
 I loved this water bottle for the first 5 days or so . It has been useless since because it leaks . Even with everything tight and closed , it has drenched the inside of several bags . This product was n't worth the money .
 I purchased 2 Camelbak Better Water Bottle 's for my wife and I and we love them . Originally the use was going to be for hiking , but I carry mine around with me everywhere ! I was at first skeptical about the bite top , but it works great ! Not a drop of water lost ! -7 / 26-11 update-Changed my original glowing review from 5 stars to 2 stars.after about 2 weeks of taking this water-bottle everywhere , the hinges broke for the bite valve . I expected a bottle made by camelbak to be more rugged than this , but alas , it broke after 2 weeks of everyday use . I have emailed their warranty department twice and have heard nothing back from them . It still holds water , and the valve still works , -LRB- which is good and the reason for the 2 stars -RRB- but it no longer clamps down as it should . Will use this till I find a replacement .
 I love the idea of this bottle ! After losing a laptop due to spilling water all over the keyboard , I thought I was saved with this Camelbak because there is no `` open '' or `` closed '' ... so my computer would be safe from accidents.Unfortunately , this bottle is NOT leak proof , especially if you do n't keep it upright . My purse , thankfully , is water-proof , but there 's always a little puddle at the bottom when I put my camelbak in it . I 've ruined quite a few notebook , s books , etc due to the spillage ... I just wish that camelbak had created a straw feature that closed more securely . It 's hard nowadays to find a 0.5 L bottle that doesnt leak , especially one that does n't need to be opened/closed -LRB- great for working out -RRB- , but the spillage is quite a turn-off . Also , beware of taking this on the plane ! The change in pressure will make water gush out of the straw once you bite into it.All in all , think about investing in another brand .
 I love these bottles . This was my second purchase because I fell on top of the first bottle and it started leaking , I assumed that it was my fault . WELL after having this new bottle for a little over a week a plastic part on the mouth piece broke and would no longer fold up all the way anymore . I do n't even know how , it was n't rough handled at all. :-LRB- Really is a shame considering I love the bottles dearly but I ca n't keep spending the money on bottles that do n't last .
 The bottle is overcomplicated . It is full of bits and pieces which are difficult to keep it clean especially the bite valve.I stopped using after a couple of days because of the bitter taste it had.I reverted to my simple mineral water bottle -LRB- free -RRB- which is also much lighter as well .
 This bottle was great at first , but now ... every so often the bottle tends to have a mind of its own . It 's starts spewing water out for no apparent reason ... almost as if it had some backed-up pressure.This is also happens when I take sip . It just starts coming out.Not sure what 's going on with that . I ca n't leave it anywhere because I fear it will spew on unwanted surfaces or myself.On top of that ... the valve gets gunk build-up all the time . Not usre if its the water causing the dirtiness , but it 's still very hard to clean it .
 bite valves get loose and easily damage with children , this makes then leak which can cause a really big mess if you 're dont pay attention to how you set it down . the plastic flip piece breaks easily if you forget to close it . safety torx makes it a tough fix . the 1 liter version has a base that is too thick for many holders but defnitely not as thick as some of the nalgene 's . sturdy and shatter resistant but scratches are easily visible under sunlight . the convenient straw is an inconvenient clean.For a bottle on the go , I 'd suggest a generic flip top . Much more convenient to clean and easy to open with your teeth.I currently use my bottle with the classic lid just to put in the office
 The bottle is well built and it does not leak - even with the mouthpiece open . I use the bottle when I go to the gym . I attach my keys to the bottle with a clip . The bottle has a wide base so it does not tip . 5 stars for the features I just described.The problem - The bottle is extremely hard to drink from . As described below , the problem is because the diameter of the hole in the cap is too small . The problem is NOT that air can not get into the bottle . I confirmed this by removing the lid from the bottle and sucking water through the straw . I also cut off the bite valve because I do n't like it . The bite valve is not the problem.I give the bottle zero stars for this because when you are out of breath and want water you do n't want to stand there like a moron trying to suck water through a pinhole.Here is my email to Camelbak warranty dept : Dear friends , A couple days ago I purchased one your `` Better Bottles '' at a hefty fourteen bucks - It 's a nice bottle I purchased it because it has a wide base and it looks like it 's pretty well built.I 'm sorry to say that the bottle is very difficult to drink from because I ca n't suck water out of it . At first I thought it was the rubber mouth piece so I cut it off because I did n't like it anyway . That was n't the problem and after a bit more testing I concluded that the diameter of the hole in the bottle cap is too small . Unfortunately this a problem I ca n't fix otherwise I would because I do n't like writing emails like this.As far as my ability to suck - I 'm 44 and in great shape . I do n't think I suck any more or less than anyone else which would make me an `` average sucker '' . I think the fact I paid $ 14 for a $ 4 bottle is ample proof of this.In any case I probably ca n't return the bottle to the store I bought it from because I cut the mouthpiece . Do you have a bottle is designed by a qualified engineer that you will swap me ? I want 1 liter with a wide base and a handle on top . Please forward this email to the engineer who designed this bottle I want to know what in the world he was thinking.Thank you ,
 HORRIBLE ... I sent back the item and have not yet seen the credit to my account . The item was horrible . It was discolored and useless . Will never but from this company again .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I own a fitness center and bought 6 of these bikes just as a trial along with 15 of our standard V-Bikes . The Momentum Bikes worked for a couple of weeks and then the tension knobs all broke . After months of hassle , the company sent new knobs and those have broke as well . The bikes have a wider then normal stance if you measure the inside of pedal to pedal . Many members complained of severe knee pain every time they rode on the Momentum bikes . Unfortunately , now in every class there are 6 empty bikes . The die hard spinners would rather not spin if they have to ride a Momentum . This was the worst equipment purchase I 've ever made .
 Cons
 I would not recommend this bike . The belt refused to stay on the bike after 3 months of use - prior to the three months , the belt rubbed against the metal encasing . This is a very solid bike , and when working , was very enjoyable to ride - but for the money , this bike should have lasted much longer . You will notice that this bike is being sold by `` gund '' - when you click the link you get various pictures of teddy bears that this company is selling . so yes , my opinion is that this company bought a bunch of these bad bikes and are trying to unload them - as Amazon customer service could not even locate a number or email for me to file a complaint.As a result , Amazon has issued a full refund . Spend your money elsewhere - Amazon was great , but it did take quite a bit of persuading and I mentioned getting a lawyer several times , because if Amazon can not provide an email or number to get a bike replaced that is under warranty , then it does n't need to be selling the bike.All in all , this was one gigantic headache . do your research . I wish I had .
 I 've owned this bike for 1 year . When it was relatively new it worked like a charm and gave me some serious workouts . The frame is extremely heavy which allows you to turn up the tension and really lean into the rides.Unfortunately this beast does n't age well at all . First problem you WILL encounter is with the nut that is used in the tension adjuster . That nut constantly wears out and needs to be changed constantly . You can buy a whole bunch of the nuts at home depot for pennies but they are a pain in the butt to change and you need to have tools on hand in order to change it.Second problem you WILL encounter is that the belt that is used to drive the wheel . this bike does n't use a chain . this allows it to operate very silently but the belt will eventually wear out in about a year . If you think changing the nut is hard then be prepared for some serious pain when it 's time to change the belt . You will have to take off the belt guard and will need to remove the big flywheel in order to install the new belt . You 're looking at a dirty one hour job minimum if you 're a big strong person who is good at fixing things . To top that all off the company that sells this does n't carry the replacement belt . I called them for a replacement and they told me i would have to wait for 2 months on back-order !!! There 's a reason why the warranty is only one year on the parts and 5 years on the frame . It 's because the frame is the only part of the bike that is built to last . Customer service is basically an answering machine and they do n't return calls so good luck with that.Summary
 Very disappointed in this purchase , probably my worst of hundreds of Amazon purchases over the years . Even more frustrating because I bought it based on the numerous positive reviews.I agree that the frame is solid , and it has a smooth , quiet ride when it 's working well . But it has been nothing but trouble for us . After a month of working well , a loud grinding noise commenced , and the pedals became almost impossible to push . So I took apart the sections around the pedals and flywheel , and found out that the belt had slipped off the `` sprocket '' -LRB- or what we would call a sprocket on a regular bike -RRB- . Turns out the flywheel had been installed improperly at the factory , so it was coming loose . I fixed that , and replaced everything . A pain in the butt and several hours of wasted time , but back on track , right ? Wrong.The very next time I used it , the belt came off the sprocket after about 30 minutes of use . The flywheel was fine , and there was no other evident reason for the problem . I remounted the belt , and tried again the next day . Same result , this time in less than 10 minutes . Obviously this thing is n't going to work.If you think this is all bad , just wait . As a couple of other recent reviews -LRB- which were posted after I purchased this bike in July -RRB- have noted , there is ZERO customer service available . There is no information regarding customer service included with the bike , and the very contact info THAT AMAZON ITSELF GAVE ME for the `` company '' -LRB- Gund -RRB- accomplishes nothing
 This &#34; massager &#34; is a joke . I bought it as a traveling massager . It is very squishy and does nothing but tickle your feet . I could not even feel it under my neck . I gave it to my dog and even he did n't like it . If you want serious myofacial release-style massagers , get a quality foam roller and a lacrosse ball . Do n't waste your money here .
 Not as hard as I would have liked and pretty soft so even when lying on top of it it does n't get the pressure to the muscles as I would have liked.For those that sturggle with too much applied pressure and not those that train hard or consistently .
 Comes with a Huge Warning sticker that says it contains one or more phthalates . Phthalates are known to cause birth defects and harm reproductive organs -- would have been nice if they mentioned that in the product description.Also , the spines are really pokey and hurt !
 This thing is too awkward for me . Maybe if you 're a big buff guy it might be ok , but I 'm a kinda skinny girl , and it just sort of hurts . I wish I had gotten the regular ball and not the peanut shape . It just does n't work like you think it would .
 Item is to soft to really work well , compress to easily.Don ' t really use it , still use my tennis ball
 Even with socks on , the Foot Massage Peanut plastic is too rigid & the spikes are too hard . I have much tougher feet than my husband & even I do n't like it . Sorry ! It does n't work for our needs .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I have used these weights for years in our local health club . I wanted a set to use at home and I knew exactly what I was getting . The only surprise is the ends of the bar now screw on instead of clips . And they continually work themselves loose during the course of a workout . Not sure why they changed this from the original , I am from the school of `` if it ai n't broke do n't fix it '' .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Hat was way too small for a normal head . This is a child 's hat .
 This item is not as pictured , and amazon rep 's are clueless as to how I can actually get the item that 's pictured . I kept asking `` How can I get a red cap with a blue bill ? '' and they sent me 2 caps , * all * red ! amazon will not fix their picture , nor will they answer my question . I have to go somewhere else to buy this cap . very disappointed.Update
 Unfortunately , the above item was returned as the medium was to small for my husband , then when I returned back on line to re-order it did not show that this product could be ordered in a Large ... I was very disappointed ...
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 this store is so irresponsible!first , I was told this item -LRB- 1 of Zippo Lighter Pipe Lighter Brushed Chrome -RRB- was missing but would be delivered soon a month ago ; Then , it do n't reply my 3 emails asking what 's going on.And , the terribly delayed reply to my third email only one sentence `` it shows the item was delivered ? `` NO sorry , No explanation , No details or information by which I can trace the so-called delivery.I still do n't receive this item , and I am still waiting ...
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I got this gun thinking it was going to be O.K. and soon came to realize after shooting it and adding all of the supplies , it was a kick butt gun . I dont think it could have turned out any better for me .
 WOW , this gun looks asome ! I cant wait to get it . Thats exactly what i thought when i bought it too . Boy was i wrong . I mean its not so bad if you dont mind cocking it each time you shoot it , having your bbs not go much further than 20 feet , and not getting all the bbs in the magazine . If your just a beginer then mabey , and i do say mabey it might be okay for you . If you want to have real run dont buy this gun .
 what did you say my gun just got here sounds great sweet scope a flash light a huge clip this thing is great but wait a minut why cant i shoot more than 1 pellet at a time ? oh becasue this gun is a hunk of garbage
 My wife tried to attach the two pieces together to form the sandwich mold , and the leverage broke the hinge . This should not happen with a piece of iron ! It does , however , happen with a piece of s -- .
 The inside of this pie iron is smaller than any bread that I have ever seen . How can anyone make any kind of sandwich pie ? If you want a nice grilled cheese or grilled PB&J or a grilled `` insert sandwich name here '' then you have to TRIM the sandwich first . You 'll get little snackers , which are not worth the time , energy or wasted bread . As for using this to warm up pie , forget it . The inner cavity is not very deep . I only give this item one star because of the solid construction .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Doesnt stay on your thighs just slips down , no use stay away . I might be returning this item back to Amazon itself . If allowed i would have given negative stars .
 I received the product in a simple box with no instruction manual . The product looks as indicated in the picture . The adjustable weight is really two weights
 I must have practiced incorrectly . Since using this trainer , I have been hooking the ball badly . I have no explanation why .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 The tools in this `` value package '' broke upon first use . They look good in the photograph , but they 're of very very VERY low quality . Steer clear of this company.One tip of the watch band remover just broke clean of -- the steel is not tempered . The watch band link remover is a piece of junk
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I found this step too tall to be able to comfortably step onto while carrying items on to my boat . Also , the top is curved , which makes it seem even more unstable .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I returned this product because it does not run `` true to size '' . A large was WAY too small for me , and I wear a large in all fitted caps .
 I have noticed that while the twins franchise hats fit in my size -LRB- small -RRB- , the newer caps under the corporation name of '47 Twins do not -LRB- too large -RRB-
 The material is thin , not plush . That suited me just fine because I wanted a towel I could lie on the beach with or something simple that I could dry myself off with . If your expectation is a plush , thick bathroom kind of towel , this is n't for you.Speaking as an adult male over 6 feet tall , I wish the towel was about 5 inches wider and 5 inches longer . Often I would lie on the towel and slip off the sides and get sand all over my arms . Or , I would lie on my stomach and the front of my legs would all get sandy . I 'm sure kids may not care about this so much , but for me it was annoying.The graphics are crisp and look great . I think this would get more than 2 stars from me if it was just a larger towel -LRB- or available in a larger size -RRB- .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Party pack was cheap . You do not have enough plates if you doubled up on the plates for a little more support .
 I bought two of these at Boaters World . There was a minor problem and a major problem . The minor problem is that they are a hassle to take on and off - which you have to do when you cover your boat which we do after each usage . The major problem is that they have a weak point just above the bracket where both of mine have bent over and broken when exposed to wind which , of course , they are on the water.They did not last long and I do n't recommend them .
 Ordered this product for off-duty carry of my cuffs and spare mag . I liked the paddle option as my current case requires a take my belt off to disarm . However , when I received the case , I realized just how overly massive this it is . There 's at least a quarter inch , probably closer to three-eights between the paddle and case itself -LRB- I know my pants are n't that thick -RRB- , plus no curvature at all to keep it close to my hip . Secondly , I ordered a size 4 for my HK USP magazines , and there is an excessive amount of play in the mag pouch , so much that if you 're running , your mag is gon na come out . The cuff pouch is also larger than needs to be , does not fit S&W ; 100 cuffs securely , but gives them plenty of room to make some noise.I give it two stars for quality leather , but it 's not gon na work for my needs .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 company seems very helpful , but the parts do not assemble easily , it 's still sitting in our garage after 2 months with my husband trying to figure out a solution -LRB- in his free time -RRB- that he really does n't have . Ca n't rate how fun it is to use
 product was not good ... completely broken apart and was disfunctional . Not made of granite . Seller was terrific and refunded my money ... no questions asked .
 I 'm trying out bolts and strikers for a LP conversion , and the stock bolt worked better than this one . The whole Delrin idea was a good one ... but it did n't work out . I guess that is why they are going for so cheap now , they need to get rid of them while they still can ! -LSB- ... -RSB- This guy really knows his stuff !
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I have never seen such cheap manufacturing practice as in this product . I liked the feel and the color of these sweats but the ankle was a little tight so I decided to make them straight leg . Upon opening up the seam I found a rubber band on both legs . What happened to elastic ribbing ? About a week later the draw string came unstitched in the back and came out making me more irritated . I tossed these sweats . I remember Russell having good quality back in the 90s ! What happened ?
 Not correct size . I have several pairs of these sweats . Gave to friend . Will not order items from this store again , because they may be selling rejects . Do n't know for sure .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I usually buy a 7-1/8 cap . This `` large '' cap is too tight . I should have bought an adjustable cap .
 I measured my head to ensure that I would get a `` perfect '' fit - unfortunately I ended up with a hat that is far too small for me . Hopefully with some work I 'll be able to stretch it enough to be wearable ...
 I have never seen such cheap manufacturing practice as in this product . I liked the feel and the color of these sweats but the ankle was a little tight so I decided to make them straight leg . Upon opening up the seam I found a rubber band on both legs . What happened to elastic ribbing ? About a week later the draw string came unstitched in the back and came out making me more irritated . I tossed these sweats . I remember Russell having good quality back in the 90s ! What happened ?
 Not correct size . I have several pairs of these sweats . Gave to friend . Will not order items from this store again , because they may be selling rejects . Do n't know for sure .
 This product should be used only for aqua jogging and not teaching children how to swim . The bubble on top pushes the children in the water face-first and can be extremely dangerous .
 After assembling the tent , we noticed a rip in the bug netting that had been sown . Looks like there is a quality assurance and control issue . Just what one would expect from chinese products . Otherwise the tent is ok . You get what you pay for ...
 We just used this tent for the first time , and it leaked so badly that everything in the tent was wet , including us . I have camped for many years , and I have never spent a more uncomfortable night in a tent .
 I bought this item with the novelty idea that it attached to the back of my 2002 VW Eurovan . The picture showed it attaching nicely to a suburban or a Denali -LRB- in any event ... a huge SUV -RRB- . Like a previous customer stated the tunnel portion would not even extend over the door opening of the van , and no amount of jerry-rigging would work . This is certainly a flawed design . Do n't purchase this if you have a LARGE Suv or VAN . It might work on a min van , but even then you better buy the one advertised for larger XUV 's -LRB- the 10X10 X86 '' -RRB- .
 Bought this tent a couple of months ago to fit to our motorcycle pop-up tent trailer to use as a dressing room . First time out discovered that it is hard to set up as the tent is heavy and the 20ish foot poles struggle to lift the tent , even with 2 people setting it up . Also , the stitching around the windows and front door is pretty lousy.Second time out , one of the poles split and the metal ferrule split under the weight of the tent and this with 2 people setting it up . It was between 55 and 60 degrees when I broke camp and while tearing down this tent 3 of the pole clips broke even though I was using extra care in un-clipping them.Wasted my money on this one and would not recommend this tent to anyone.Junk !
 The first use of this tent literally had the thing falling a part on me . When I placed the part around my SUV , one of the straps that is to tighten the seal simply ripped itself out of the tent . The front door zipper never once worked . How disappointing .
 disappointed in tent . takes 2 people to put it up . YOU HAVE TO THREAD IT through 5 feet of nylon on 4 sides . After we got it up the main ziiper would not zip , It cost us $ 20 to return it ! Very bad design .
 The tent itself is spacious and has a number of nice features such as multiple storage nets . Without the rain fly it definitely leaks . No , it gushes . I doubt the rain fly would completely eliminate this , but can not attest to that . My biggest problem was the poor quality of the stakes that thread through the loops and hold up the tent . In two nights I had two breaks at the top of the tent , which caused it to collapse each time . Unless you travel with a small saw to cut off the ragged edge so you can re-insert the segment into the next , this can not be fixed . The remaining stake segments showed so much wear after two days that , no doubt , they were about to crack soon also . This tent is less expensive than other brands - but you will get what you pay for ...
 After reading reviews and taking price into consideration , I settled on the Texsport . The directions , which I was n't really convinced from reading other people 's comments , were HORRIBLE . They printed a very easy to read `` list of what you need to take camping '' but the directions for putting the tent together were unreadable . The images where blurred so badly we had no idea what piece was what . If it was n't for a nearby camper we would have thrown the tent back in the box . There is one spot on the window screening that is already ready to rip apart . The zippers to the main door will not work correctly . All the work that goes into manufacturing an item , it is too bad they did n't take the extra time to print clear instructions and check the zippers .
 I bought this tent and tried to attach it to my Tundra with an ARE topper . Had to duct tape it down to make a good waterproof seal . Lot of good that did . The seams started to come apart all along the bottom of the tent leaving small thread holes along the seam line . At one point it completely came apart leaving a one and half inch gap . During a rainstorm this allowed water into the tent , but we also had to cover it with a tarp to keep it from getting drenched . Unfortunately the time allowed to return the item had passed so i 'm stuck with it .
 The picture shows a Yukon/Tahoe type of SUV . My Nissan Armada is roughly the same size , but I could connect the tent to it as well as I had hoped . In fact , I gave up and used it as a stand alone tent , and it was actually quite good for the 105 dollars that I spent . So I am just keeping it rather than returning it . My Nissan dealer had a demo tent on display that connects much better -LRB- like a sock -RRB- with elastic around the edge of the whole connection , unlike the texsport which has hardly any elastic . But it costs around $ 275 .
 Tried this tent for the first time and set up was average as far as tents go and it connected to my Honda element just fine . Its a great concept and being able to access the car from the inside the tent was very handy . The first night I used this tent it poured rain and we did n't stay dry . I waterproofed the seams after set up but there are just too many design flaws to keep the water out . Here are the major flaws .1 . there were elastic tie ups sewn in through the seam along the roof on the sleeve side that may as well been wicks that let water drip in constantly .2 . the rain fly is too small . it does n't cover enough of the vulnerable parts of the tent .3 . the floor to wall seams were not done well . I there were spots where I could see light from outside the corners where they were already pulling apart . Also its a flat floor like most cheap tents are so there is n't much water protection .4 . the straps for tightening the sleeve around the vehicle are on the bottom so you pretty much have to crawl on the ground to buckle/tighten them . putting them on the sides would have made more sense.Needless to say I returned the tent and will be looking for -LRB- and spending more -RRB- on a better alternative .
 What was shipped was not what was shown in the ad . I wanted blue with white logo and all cotton . I got was tan , with an orange logo , and mesh , except the front two panels . I am disappointed , but am wearing it .
 I have never seen such cheap manufacturing practice as in this product . I liked the feel and the color of these sweats but the ankle was a little tight so I decided to make them straight leg . Upon opening up the seam I found a rubber band on both legs . What happened to elastic ribbing ? About a week later the draw string came unstitched in the back and came out making me more irritated . I tossed these sweats . I remember Russell having good quality back in the 90s ! What happened ?
 Not correct size . I have several pairs of these sweats . Gave to friend . Will not order items from this store again , because they may be selling rejects . Do n't know for sure .
 I have never seen such cheap manufacturing practice as in this product . I liked the feel and the color of these sweats but the ankle was a little tight so I decided to make them straight leg . Upon opening up the seam I found a rubber band on both legs . What happened to elastic ribbing ? About a week later the draw string came unstitched in the back and came out making me more irritated . I tossed these sweats . I remember Russell having good quality back in the 90s ! What happened ?
 Not correct size . I have several pairs of these sweats . Gave to friend . Will not order items from this store again , because they may be selling rejects . Do n't know for sure .
 I have never seen such cheap manufacturing practice as in this product . I liked the feel and the color of these sweats but the ankle was a little tight so I decided to make them straight leg . Upon opening up the seam I found a rubber band on both legs . What happened to elastic ribbing ? About a week later the draw string came unstitched in the back and came out making me more irritated . I tossed these sweats . I remember Russell having good quality back in the 90s ! What happened ?
 Not correct size . I have several pairs of these sweats . Gave to friend . Will not order items from this store again , because they may be selling rejects . Do n't know for sure .
 They advertise that it is the regular concentrate formula -LRB- which works really well -RRB- & what they ship you is the Concentrate Formula II -LRB- which works but not as well as the regular concentrate -RRB- . They have the UPC Code on the Concentrate II bottle tied to the regular Concentrate in their system . And when you contact them to clear it up they can not comprehend what it is that you are saying . They continue to go back to `` the UPC Code says that it is the Regular Concentrate . ''
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I have never seen such cheap manufacturing practice as in this product . I liked the feel and the color of these sweats but the ankle was a little tight so I decided to make them straight leg . Upon opening up the seam I found a rubber band on both legs . What happened to elastic ribbing ? About a week later the draw string came unstitched in the back and came out making me more irritated . I tossed these sweats . I remember Russell having good quality back in the 90s ! What happened ?
 Not correct size . I have several pairs of these sweats . Gave to friend . Will not order items from this store again , because they may be selling rejects . Do n't know for sure .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I ordered these in the hope that I could get rid of the shrill squeaking that accompanies every effort to actually use the brake to slow down . I do n't know if it is the pads or the design of the brake or the rotor , but these brakes just plain squeak . I went on a hilly ride today with a group of 15 and mine were the only squealers in the bunch .
 UPDATE
 whaited over 15 days for simmons scope only to receive a tasco scope instead . I didnt want to mail it back , who knows what they would have sent me next . NOT A HAPPY CAMPER .
 I ordered this scope for my husband , for Father 's Day , based on the Simmons reputation . He installed it on his rifle and found that the adjustments would not work ; he could not site in his rifle . We were very disappointed , but thought we could easily resolve the matter as it has a Limited Lifetime Warrenty . To use the warrenty you must call customer service to obtain a number and send it along with $ 10.00 check or money order to obtain service . My husband called and was told he did n't need a number just to send it along with a letter plus his $ 10.00 and be sure to send it so it has atracking number . We did all the above to discover that the receiver had moved . So UPS found them only to have them refuse the package . They `` Do n't want it ! '' Therefore I can not give the scope or the Simmons Company a very good review .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Our 85000 attaches to the Subaru Outback well . The problem is that it ca n't hold back the rain . In stand alone mode , we were camping and it rained . It rained outside , and inside . I found a note on the label inside that said something about the best waterproofing had been used but in heavy rain that water would come through . I wish I could have read that before I purchased it . What good is a tent if it wo n't keep out the rain ? I seems to keep bugs out OK , but if it is going to rain , it should keep that out as well . They suggest getting a fly for the tent if you are going to use it in the rain . But it turns out they do n't make a fly for this tent . I would look at the newer 86000 model . It is a slightly different design and comes with a fly . Maybe it can keep a little more of the rain out of the tent ; maybe ?
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Pros : Good looking towel.Cons :1 . Not thick or plush .2 . Not absorbent . It hardly absorbs water.Conclusion : I like the look of the towel , but that 's about it . I 've used it a few times , but have given up on it . Not really worth $ 23 + shiping in my opinion .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I bought this racket `` PRP900 Pro Speed 900 Professional Table Tennis Racket '' , but at the first hit against a TT ball I realized that it is far from the words that describe the racket in the ads at Amazon.com . This is a regular device for amateurs with 2-3 pieces of skills in Ping-Pong . I am disappointed in the money I spent on this . First time in my experience with Amazon.com . Thank you .
 It 's my own fault for being tight and trying to save money , but the people who have previously reviewed this item are also partly to blame . They either work for the company , or do n't know a thing about camping gear . This tent is an absolute piece of junk that should not ever be available for purchase . Weighs more and is bigger folded up than they claim , and shoddily built with heavy , poor quality materials . The pole across the top broke on the second night of use and I was unable to remove the jammed piece to do a running repair so spent the trip with the inner mesh in our faces . In the future will be buying another brand , and will never consider anything made by Alps again . There should be a zero star option to rate it . Do n't even consider buying this tent or you deserve everything you get , as I did . ` Mountaineering vertex ' ... What a joke .
 I ordered this hat in the range that included 71/2 , but it was way too big and I ended up returning it .
 Hard/impossible to get to the short-lived battery . Strap breaks easily & attached poorly . Black background is very hard to read . Domed `` crystal '' is prone to scratch . Garbage in under a year . I 'll never buy a Nike watch again .
 The band on this watch will break . This is because the metal-to-plastic resin which connects the plastic band to te metal face wears off eventually-no matter how lightly the watch is used . Even under the lightest usage , at least on band will just fall off within 12-13 months . Because of this , I now bought the Nike Triax Fury model . Its band seems to be a unitary one from one end to the other -LRB- no glue ! -RRB- . If you want a Nike watch like this , get one of the Fury models .
 I have had two of these watches , that 's how desperately I wanted to like them because of the style . However , as a runner , they are just not built to take ... well . . running ! The plastic strap * will * be pulled away from the clock eventually . It has happened to both my watches . The color rubs off of the plastic as well , so whatever color you get , it will eventually be a dirty gray . Also , as noted , it is very difficult to read , especially while racing -- the numbers are not contrasted well . Lastly , the buttons are not easily depressed , so I have missed many split times . Unless you 're using this just for a showpiece , do n't get it !
 Do n't buy the black on black model . You ca n't see the numbers in the dial . It looks cool , but is very irritating . I 'm taking mine back .
 got this for my husbands birthday . for $ 23 I expected a nice towel . this is just a very thin beach towel . not too satisfied . but oh well
 Not worth the money . I have n't been able to find a size line that properly tucks inside the catch mechanism . Save your money and learn how to tie a proper knot for hanging you fenders .
 I have been happy with hundreds of purchases made on Amazon . This item is so cheaply made it is dangerous . I knew the price was to good to be true . The item must be assembled . The metal edges were sharp . Once assemble , it was difficult to light . I am afraid to actually cook something . I will try ... but this may be my last review ... I am afraid , very afraid . It 's my fault for buying this piece of crap , but I think Amazon is at fault for even listing it . Spend thee extra money and buy something good .
 Only has a 10,000 BTU burner . The description says 20,000 . I never opened it and instead spent a little more money on the Cuisinart .
 I returned this grill . It had sharp edges which may injure the owner . Also the grates were not removable , so it would be very difficult to clean them . We were quite disappointed with the grill . It did n't put out enough heat to cook a steak . I guess you got what you paid for in this case . .
 Item cam with a huge dent because there was absolutely no packing material to protect it.What were you thinking ...
 I returned the product after opening the package and finding it to be of cheap flimsy construction with a grill area too small to be of practical use .
 Yes this grill was less expensive than many out there , so I could n't possibly expect this to be the best out there . However , I was camping in cold rainy weather this weekend . I was grilling some burgers on high , when all of a sudden flames shot out from the closed lid as if it was going to blow up . There were flames also coming out from the bottom hole and lighting my wood table on fire . When investigating what to do , the adjustable lever you tell how high you want it was frozen with ice . The only way to turn this off was to pull the propane off . I restarted thinking this was some fluke ... however it started to ice the lever again . Def to cheap to use .
 The grill started fine , but after running for a short time , the flames got much higher . The gas regulator in the temperature control was malfunctioning . I felt the valve and it was ice cold . Apparently this regulator freezes and sticks . Turning it off had no effect . I unscrewed the gas bottle to stop it . Not a smart thing to do , but nothing else worked . I notice the Weber `` Go Anywhere '' has a similar valve , so I ordered one on ebay for around 20 bucks shipping included and will try that . The grill is constructed OK , stainless lasts a long time . Hope this works . It 's Chinese , so . no hope of money back . Strongly advise not buying it .
 The product is dangerous . My husband had it burning out in the driveway and the flame started climbing and climbing -- he could not turn it off . He eventually had to kick off the gas cylinder or it would have exploded . It also claims that you can you can use the larger tank -- well , you ca n't !
 I bought the grill for my boyfriend for our anniversary . I had ordered it a month before our special day , so it was hiding in the closet for a while . I did n't bother to open it to check , which was a big mistake . So the special day came and we sat down and he opened the box , the outside box was fine , but the box for the actual grill was dented . When we pulled the grill out , we noticed that the grill was dented as well , and it was missing a nut to screw the propane pipe . I had contacted the company and they never emailed me back . And the only message I received was that Amazon was reviewing the case.Buy at your own risk people .
 The grill is ok in a pinch . It does not have a grease pan to catch drippings , therefore can only be used where such drips are not problematic . I thought I could use it on my boat . No way!Grease on the deck of a boat can be disasterous.It is best used for camping , were you can set it on the ground.The maker should add a grease pan and mounting bracket to the bottom of the unit , and compete with marine units costing 350 percent more . They would sell like hot cakes .
 The Stansport Portable grill I received was missing piecesI returned item to Amazon
 I had this product for one day . I opened the box and found no instructions . There were parts missing . Also I purchased it for use on my boat . I found out that the only part of it that was stainless was the burner.So , I returned it the next day .
 I have had this grill for almost 2 years now , and grill about 4 to 6 times a week and like to grill year round . I bought it simply because it was considerably less than others . I have never had the flair up problems others have had . I have had no problem cooking what ever I have wanted to cook on it -LRB- steaks , chops , chicken -RRB- . Never tried low temp . cooking.The main complaint I have is , it has n't lasted the time I would have liked . The grate has rusted beyond use and no drip tray or igniter.Also the unit came with no instructions for assembly , being a guy they are usually the last things we look at , but nice to have.It 's not a grill that can handle wind , it wo n't last a long time , and there are no replacement placement parts that you can get , and from what I have been told customer service is less than satisfactory.I am currently looking for something more reliable and long lasting to replace it with .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 This scooter arrived with the wiring harness broken . I called amazon and they sent out a replacement immediately .2 nd scooter had the wiring harness broken again in the same location ! -LRB- no it was not the same one -RRB- VERY poor design .
 This product failed to meet any of our expectations . We charged it for the required 12hours and it did n't hold the charge . It ca n't pull my 105lb son up our slightly graded driveway . Then he rode the scooter on level ground and it died in just for 5minutes . FOR US IT `` S A REFUND !
 When I got my e500 I was really excited . The speed controller of the throttle if you prefer was cracked . My dad taped it up but it still has a few problems . My friend has an e325s -LRB- a variation of the e300 -RRB- and he has never had a problem with it . I can completely relate to other peoples reviews on Amazon . Razor customer service is poor . Scooter is fast and fun . I wish razor would do a better job sending the scooter .
 I ordered this scooter for my son for Christmas he got to ride it for 1 hour and it just completely quit working . The right hand brake did n't work . So we ordered a replacement and when we received the replacement the gear shift came cracked . Needless to say we packed both scooters up and returned . So far I have heard from Amazon on the replacement saying there would be no credit on my account because it was the replacement . However , I also would not be charged for the 2nd broken scooter . I am waiting to hear from Amazon about my final credit on Christmas present . My son was very disheartened . I will never purchase another electric razor scooter . By the way - Amazon please let me know when I can expect my money back for my first broken scooter .
 we ordered 2 of these both came broken returned them and they sent us 2 more they also came broken , amazon is great with returns so we tried the euro betty 's they are great , i ride it my self . . LOL
 I order the Razor e500s for my son for Christmas . The Razor was very easy to put together but when I got it together and tried to adjust the brakes , I realized the brakes were broken . An entire section had broken off . I boxed it back up and UPS picked it up.I ordered another one - and it came to me broken in the same place . Now I am sending it back for a refund . The box looked like it had really been through it - no wonder it was broken.I would try to find this item in the store somewhere . Amazon is great about returns , but this item is just too big to be returning -LRB- not to mention trying to fit it back into the box like it came - UG -RRB-
 So while they are made of nice material , the XL size is great for a 40-42inch waist but they were so long they needed to be taken in to be hemmed more than a couple of inches for a person who was 5 ' 11 &#34; That was an added expense and delay that was more than anticipated.Still , they function as pants .
 I ordered a medium , which is the size I always get and the legs are so big I could put both leg in one . Maybe a fluke
 First of all , I ordered black and they send me navy.Secondly its toooooooooo large on legs . Weist is good . I ordered M and it 's much shorter then I expected.Just do n't order this pants , unless you have got large legs and you are n't tall .
 First off , the delivery process was great . From initial order , the pants arrived in a few days.I ordered 2 pairs and intended the pants to supplement some aging Adidas pants I 've had for 5 years . My current ones I love . They fit perfectly for doing martial arts workouts
 It seems to be good quality but there is no way i would find out how long the pants are gon na be . I wish the seller could mention that for other people to find out . I bought pants from piranhagear and they mention their pants in detail , customer reviews are useful toofor anybody buying a size 36 , you need to be 6 '10 to wear it
 I ordered these because I was trying to replace a pair of Adidas mesh pants that looked very similar to these . I ordered Medium while my older pants were large . And the pants I got were FAR larger than my Large pants . Both in length and width.I probably would have kept them though if it was n't for the double-sided glossy mesh fabric . They are two-ply whereas my older pants only had one ply and a cotton-like feeling on the inside . This made them rather uncomfortable and not as flexible , plus they built up an insane amount of static .
 I found generally the quality of the item was very good , but the leg length is far far too long and baggy . I ordered a medium size and if I had purchased locally , I would have asked for a refund . Oh well the problem with purcashing over the internet .
 this is too wide ! If u r very fat , choose this ! If you r not TOO fat , do n't choose this !
 We are unable to use the product though we received it almost a month ago . It seems that the battery can not function and it died 15 mins after taken off the recharge . I tried to contact Razor several times . They prefer to respond through emails . It always takes them two days to respond . Finally I spoke with someone who really could not help us much . We got their local repair contractor , which is 35 miles from where we live . When we dropped the scooter , there was another scooter in the repair place which has the exact same issue . They should not sell a new product until they solve the issue .
 I purchased this scooter for my daughter for her 7th birthday . We got it out of the box a couple days before her party to get it assembled and ready to roll . When we tried to blow the tires up we found that neither of them would hold air . We took it to our local tire shop thinking we would have to patch the tubes . After he took it apart he showed us that both tubes were completely split in the seams and could n't even be patched . I contacted Razor to see about getting replacements and they said they do n't sell the parts but would send replacement tires in 6-8 weeks . Seriously ??? They are an odd shape innertube so they were n't in stock in our local stores but we found replacements on Amazon . After all this , we did n't have it ready for her birthday so we had to give her a scooter that could n't even ride . Then of course we had the bill at the tire shop to fix it and the cost of the extra tubes . The entire experience was just very frustrating considering I always thought of Razor to be a good name brand . Now this being said , if it would of came not damaged I wouldv ' e given this a 5 star rating . My daughter loves it -LRB- now that she can ride it -RRB-
 Our razor arrived yesterday and when we opened the box the rear tire is flat . It has never been ridden and appears to have a slit in the tire . This is our 3rd razor pocket mod so we know what we are talking about . We are going to try to take it to a service center but are concerned about cost !!
 This product was shipped with a hole in the box . Opened to put together and low and behold no video and no wedge for the handle bars . Daughter very disappointed and has to wait on the part from Razor in California .
 WHEN I PURCHASED THIS MOPAD I RECEIVED IT ON A FLAT WITH A WHOLE IN THE BACK TIRE . IT COSTED ME $ 25.00 FOR A NEW REAR TIRE .
 This Scooter Is TOO Over Priced , It Goes So Slow That You Can WALK Faster Than It , The `` Lights '' Are Just Reflectors , And The Seat Storage Can Barely Fit A Thin Book , Razor Is A Money Machine , Trying To Overprice You With Cheap Scooters That Go 10 Miles Per Hour , And ANYONE Can Steal It , It Dose n't Even Have A Key ! Just An On An Off Switch , I Got A Scooter Thats Bigger , Faster , Electric , Has A Horn , Key , Lights , Brake Lights , Blinkers , And A HUGE Storage For Around $ 250 , This One Is E-X-P-E-N-S-I-V-E
 This product has quality issues , and I would strongly suggest looking elsewhere if you 're in the market for an electric scooter.The two biggest problems with the product are that it is a -RRB- gutless , and b -RRB- has battery issues . My daughter got this item for Christmas and on the first 18 hour charge , the scooter lasted about 15 minutes . On the second overnight charge , it lasted about 1 minute . Every subsequent charge has yielded about a minute of use . Fun !!! I 've requested a replacement just to see if she got a lemon . I 'll update this review if the replacement turns out any better .
 I bought this for my daughter 's birthday over a month ago and she still ca n't ride it . First they sent me a new charger because the one I had is defective , then I had to buy a new inner tube for the tires because it would n't inflate . I finally fixed the tires , charged it for 12hrs and it still wont start . . So now Im waiting for a new Electrical kit , apparently razor said that 's the problem . In all my daughter is soo disappointed and upset and I regret wasting my money on this crap !!!
 The scooter will not run for more them 5 minutes . We only had it a day and my little girl was so disappointed . We contacted razor and the said a battery is on the way , but we have been waiting two weeks and still no battery .
 My daughter loved this gift the first three months . Then , it just stopped moving when bearing weight -LRB- 53lbs -RRB- . I looked up the Razor website and read Razor had problems with the battery , however , I truly felt this was not a battery problem . The phone tech insisted it was and we went through 3 months of disagreement before they just -LRB- June 17th -RRB- sent me a new battery and guess what ? It still does NOT move . I can not get them to give me a repair shop so that a human can look at it and properly diagnose the problem so it can be fixed . Both daughter and grandmother are upset -LRB- grandmother forked out $ 200 for gift -RRB- because my daughter can not use her toy . Horrible customer service . Techs do not speak clear english and I 'm no good at fixing this type of thing . They read from a card and will not deviate to what else could possibly be the problem . We are very frustrated with the whole thing and will not buy from Razor again.Razor Pocket Mod Miniature Euro Electric ScooterHas anyone else experienced this problem and where did you take it to get it fixed ?
 My daughter waited on Christmas day 16 hours for it to get done charging . When it was complete we pumped up the tires just to figure out that one of the tires had a hole in it and she still could n't ride it . So she did not get to enjoy her only Christmas present this year . Two days later we are still unable to find a tube for her tire at any stores around our house . So our only option is to send the whole bike back to amazon which means that she is going to be without her Christmas present for at least another week . So we are going to have to pay $ 25 extra online to find a new tube . I am frustrated that we have to pay for a tube on top of already paying for the razor . I am very disappointed .
 Purchased as a secret Christmas gift . Assembled Christmas Eve only to find the rear tire was flat . The factory assembler had pinched the tube when installing the tire and did n't bother to fix it . How did it pass final QA ? Otherwise , it looked really good . Too bad it ca n't be ridden until I can find a replacement tube . Daughter is none too happy this Christmas .
 The bike looks very nice and it 's lots of fun for the kids but the battery runs out to quick after using it for 15 mins the battery is dead . Not recomended waste of money .
 Let me be perfectly clear . The product does exactly what it claims to do . If you live in a climate where it never freezes or you plan to store the scooter in-doors during the winter , please disregard this review.The problem is with the battery . The manual says not to store the battery `` above 75 degrees or below -10 degrees Fahrenheit . '' This is a reasonable limitation , but apparently that is not the way it actually works.Attached to the handlebar of the scooter is a big warning tag that states that allowing the battery to freeze -LRB- drop below 32 degrees Fahrenheit -RRB- will permanently damage the battery . Note that this information is contrary to the information in the owner 's manual . I poked around on the Internet , and apparently there are a number of people who have been bitten by this.Hey , let 's just call it like it is . These batteries are defective . They were intended to have a normal operating/storage temperature down to -10 degrees F , and they do n't . Unlike most other toy electric vehicles I have owned , the battery in this one completely enclosed . Changing the battery requires a lot of time and effort , and you really have to plan to store the whole vehicle in-doors to prevent the battery from freezing . You ca n't just remove the battery when your kid is done playing and take it inside.Razor should not be selling a battery that ca n't take freeze cycles . Period . And certainly they should n't try to make it look like they designed it that way and it 's the customer 's fault when the battery fails . And putting a warning * inside * the package , where you do n't see it until after you have made the purchase - that 's just deceptive.I live in a cold place , and if I had known about this ahead of time , I would not have purchased this product.I 'm sure my kid will love this thing , but we 'll have to store it in the house .
 It was a gift for my daughters birthday , the only thing she asked for , and it was a large disappointment . Right out of the box the tube for the rear tire had a large gash in it making it unrideable . This is inexcusable at this price point in my opinion and never should have made it past quality control inspection . The best part is you need to contact Razor and can not return this to a store if there is a problem , you may want to keep that in mind when purchasing this . I do n't think I should spend $ 250 on something and have to change out the tire before I even ride it , which by the way is a process . You have to remove the brake , chain , etc. . . Not to mention you have to wait to get a hold of them , they are only open M-F until 5pm PST , just to get a new tire . This was completely avoidable and speaks volumes as to the quality of product they manufacture . I would not recommend this !!
 Well I purchased the pink scooter for my 8 year old daughter for her birthday . We charged it , she rode it once ... then after being charged again -LRB- overnight -RRB- it died after 10 mins ... charged again -LRB- overnight -RRB- it lasted 5 mins . So I returned it for another . Low and behold the same thing happened so I just got our money back . By the way she only weighs 60 lbs . Crazy how short the battery lasted . She loved it ... but charging 8 hrs for 5 mins of riding is crazy !!!
 Amazon was great - but buyer beware Razor is not . The scooter came in and never worked , it was most likely a bad battery . Called Razor to get the new battery and now it is 3 months later and Razor still has not shipped us the new battery . Called several times got a million different excuses but never a battery . I am not sure how a company can get away with this . So I have to give them the lowest possible rating . Not to mention how sad it made my nine year old . We have just returned the scooter to Amazon and I hope they give us credit . Do yourself a favor and go with a gas powered not this piece of junk
 This product is a big disappointment to my child . The battery does not work more than 10 minutes . The scooter can not go up small inclines . My daughter fail off the scooter because the battery died out . Worse of all , RAZOR USA does not stand behind its products . This company has had several recalls -LRB- see Consumer Product Safety Commission , a Federal Agency -RRB- . Cute , but not a smart purchase .
 We purchased this item along with the 2 year extended warranty for Christmas in 2009 . After 10 months the $ 50 battery had to be replaced , the battery is not covered under warranty . The battery had been overcharged . After speaking with the warranty people and reviewing the paperwork that came with the scooter , we saw that the instructions said to unplug after charging for 8 hours . Obviously , if we had read the instructions the battery would n't have been ruined . However , for an item this expensive I think it is unacceptable that it does n't have an auto shutoff feature when it becomes fully charged . We have purchased two less expensive battery operated vehicles that have lasted for over 3 years and we do n't unplug them after 8 hours . Do n't waste your money unless you can remember to unplug it everytime it needs charging -LRB- which is pretty much everytime your kid rides it -RRB- .
 I ordered this for my little girl for christmas and this is all she has talked about all year ! I got it delivered about a week ago and today decided to put it together . Upon opening the box my first thought was that it looked used , The packaging was nice , but the seat looked dingy . The product was just filthy , I took it out of the box and with in 5 mins of putting the handle bars together I knew something wase n't right . The rod just dropped down into the hole , thats when I noticed the rust on the handle bars . Upon further inspection I found deep scratches on the frame and what appears to be dirt on the footboard . I called inovations and they say they can not get me a scooter by christmas . Honestly after hearing that their is no making the situation right . The excuse I got is that the warehouse they house these in might of took some storm damage . I am very disapointed at this situation since this scooter has been sold out just about everywhere and now 3 days before christmas I found myself on hold hoping that someone will have one in stock . Seller has offered a full refund in exchange for a broken heart little girl .
 This darling scooter was purchased for a Christmas present and lasted ONE day -- you then have to take it to an authorized repair shop where the cost to figure out what is wrong starts at $ 50 . Think long and hard about buying this -- you have to charge it EIGHT hours to get 40 minutes of ride time ... it dies just as the fun gets started . The warranty starts the second it ships -- so , if you are buying it for something special , wait til the last minute . We are disappointed and would not buy again , if given the chance .
 We bought this beautiful scooter for my 11 year old daughter for Christmas and it worked great , for one day . When I called customer service I found out that they do not have any authorized warranty service locations in the entire metro Atlanta area . The closest is about 1.5 hours from here . Big , big mistake . I feel like an idiot .
 Came in with a cracked quarter panel and a dead battery . Razor replaced both for free . 5 stars for razor ; 2 stars for amazon .
 Amazon was great on their end . The product is the problem . The battery would n't stay charged for long and now it wo n't hold a charge . I read reviews before buying , and many reviews mentioned bad batteries . I should have bought another brand . My other daughter has a Scwhinn and we have not had battery problems with it . I would not recommend this product . I will contact Razor and see how they handle the battery issue . I expected a better product considering the price .
 We ordered this product for our daughter for Christmas . After hopping on the scooter and taking off , it slowed to a stop after only one minute of ride time . We discovered from others that the battery is often an issue with this product.After discussing with Customer Service at Razor , they agreed to ship another battery free of charge in 5-7 business days . However , after three weeks and we still had n't received the battery , we called Customer Service back . They had no record of our order . We had to place the order again and wait another 5-7 business days ... and can only hope that we will get it this time and that it will resolve the problem.Three weeks after Santa Claus brought the scooter , it is still useless .
 We bought this for our daughter as a Christmas gift . At first it was really great -- the scooter worked very well and she absolutely loved it.Within a couple of months we noticed the machine slowing down significantly , to the point where she had to get off the scooter and walk it up the street . We filled the tires with air with no improvement.We called Razor next , and they told us to buy a new battery -LRB- for $ 50 , only available from their website -RRB- . We did , and the thing still does n't work . At that point Razor told us `` Too bad , it 's out of warranty '' so now we 're stuck with a $ 200 piece of junk.Some things to note
 After buying two razor scooters for Christmas , I am very disappointed in the end result . The battery life on one pocket mod is only 5 minutes and then it putters out . Apparently , this is a problem for Razor as they have easily found information on their website . Why do n't they send out a quality product to begin with rather than having customers tell excited kids , `` Sorry , we 'll have to get another battery because this one is broken . '' This is a poor way to run a a business !
 If you 're really considering this thing , you should check out the Super Turbo 800watt Elite 36v Electric Scooter also on Amazon . It is way better in every respect ... speed , battery life , durability , build quality.This scooter is cheaper because it is built cheaply . It does not last as long , has nonexistent support , and sad build quality .
 These are junk , they do n't last long , please do n't waste your money , hate I had to give it a 1 star .
 I wish I read the reviews before I bought the pocket mod . My husband went to put it together on Christmas eve morning . The tire would not hold air , he took it to 5 stores and nobody could fix it . The day after christmas , I spent 6 hours trying to get a hold of the company , finally after busy signals and long wait times I got them . First they told me 7-10 days and I would have to pay for the tire . Even though it has never left my basement . I finally got a supervisor and he told me that he would send it out and I would recieve it in 3 days . 5 days later still no tire and the company is closed for the holiday . The company does not stand behind anything and it takes days to get a hold of anyone . Please consider this before you deal with a disappointed child like I have to .
 Was happy to find this item at amazon for better price than local retailers plus free shipping . However , item arrived damaged and note on box said to call manufacturer directly . Manufacturer suggested that they mail me replacement piece and fix myself or lug item to one of their shops . When I complained of lack of professional customer service , then the agreed to come to my home and fix on site . I returned the item and will not purchase one from a company that does not offer to do the right thing the first time around . They should spend a little extra on proper packaging for shipping purposes if they would like to keep customers
 Purchased this for our daughter . Came via UPS , front fender was bent/damaged so it could not be ridden . UPS finally picked it up today to return to Amazon . We purchased a second scooter -LRB- same model/brand -RRB- from another vendor , plugged it in for 18 hours and the second one also could not be ridden since it will not start ! We checked all connections as per the manual , scooter still will not run ! Now our daughter has to wait for a part for at least 10 days and hope that will work . Very disappointing especially since it was a `` big '' Christmas gift . Not worth the trouble .
 I bought 2 of them for my daughters , ages 10 and 6 . They were thrilled to see them in the family room on Christmas morning ; a complete surprise . I following the instructions to a T
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . It 's worked a total of 3 days . I am now having to repair the scooter for the third time . I 've put in a new throttle , a new battery and I am waiting for the new rear wheel assembly to come so I can install that . If you do buy make sure you know someone who is a mechanic or a razor technician so you too can make the constant repairs necessary . Customer service is ridiculous .
 Ordered the correct product . Received something else . It has been a month sitting in the front of my garage and it has not been picked up by UPS which was supposed to be 2 days job . Now the product the I ordered through shop AMX is not available . I am not happy at all . I see it as Amazon.com fault but no one is taking responsibility for it .
 In many areas these motorized items are not legal for use on the sidewalks or in the streets . According to the information , they are capable of speeds of up to 15 miles per hour , and falls at this speed can cause sever injuries to the body and the head . Not to mention the possibility of injury to pedestrians.These should never be used without close careful direct adult supervision.There have been quite a few reported injuries to children using this type of devices .
 I hope you make until the impossible thing to deliver the product -LRB- `` Razor Pocket Mod - Betty - '' -RRB- in the estimated arrival date ! . When I bought the product I trusted estimated date of shipping , reason why I supposed it would be deliver in the following days to this date ... But you do n't carry out the expectations and you inform me once and another time new arrival dates . It is not possible , that is unacceptable ! .
 We bought this scooter for our granddaughter for Christmas last year and in less than 9 months with very little usage the scooter no longer works . It appears to be the motor . She loved ridding it when she came to our home to visit and she is very disappointed when she sees it just sitting in our garage . I feel it was too expensive for the amount of enjoyment she had from the scooter . We also purchased a Razon dirt bike for our grandson which worked for all of one day . Razor did replace the broken part but this excited child had to wait for 10 days before being able to ride his dirt bike again . And guess what - the same part broke a second time with another 10 wait . All of this within about a month . Two bad experiences with poor and over priced products . Very disappointing !
 I bought the Razor Pocket Mod -LRB- Betty -RRB- for my Grandaughters Birthday & within a week I was looking for someone who serviced these scooters . They said it was the battery so two days later I picked it up & before she could enjoy her new scooter , it was back in the shop because the motor was bad . They had to order the motor & as of today 9.25.10 , it 's still in the shop & has been for two weeks now.I was going to order my other Granddaughter one but after the first trip to the shop , I went to Wal-Mart & got her one & she 's had it for three weeks now with no problems at all .
 Item was listed as used with a minor defect . Received the items and it was thrown in a box after the original return . It had several defects in the plastic . The worst thing was the front fender was bent to the side and the front wheel axle ends were wore down so that you could never have gotten the nut started on it if you wanted to . The last two problems were due to packaging and transport from the warehouse . We ended up ordering the scooters new from another vendor because Amazon was out of stock on the red scooter . We ordered two and our 8 and 6 year old boys love them after one day . Our six year old handles it as good as our 8 year old . I 'm sure it all depends on coordination and maturity .
 I have purchased two of the Razor mopeds -LRB- against my educated , better judgement ... but hard to see your child not riding when all of their friends are ! -RRB- . In a three year period I have bought 4 batteries $ 59/each -RRB- , 3 tires -LRB- $ 13/each -RRB- , an electrical circuit -LRB- $ 35 -RRB- and fuses . They are CONSTANTLY in repair !!! On the positive
 I ordered for my daughters bday . I put together and charged per instructions . It seemed to work but only for about 10seconds . The charger is apparently defective . Amazon was great to work with . Razor customer service could learn some lessons from them . Razor Customer service and tech support are only open on weekdays . They also were in the midst of moving their warehouse and can not ship anything for another week . So the nice gift she received is worthless and they think waiting 2weeks for a possible solution is acceptable . I can not really review this product but because of their customer service and attitude I will not buy from them again . Amazon immediately ordered a replacement and was very apologetic for the inconvenience . It should arrive 8 days before the replacement part is even shipped from razor .
 Features and price are excellent , but the battery does n't make good contact , so the units keeps reseting ; which is really annoying , since you have to program all the information again -LRB- wheel size , time , etc. -RRB- .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 make sure you review the final page before ok ` ing your order . I hit the drop down list to order a black xl jacket . Apparently I must have done something between then and the final ok to end up with a bright orange jacket ! I returned it for a full refund ! In trying to return my order , it took over 3 days to get a response from the company . Apparently the business is run out of someone 's house . Not very professional results !
 Its just a wastage of money . this binocular gives you good zoom but the view is so small and tiny and its just impossible to view objects without tripod . . I bought it from Amazon thinking of good zoom upto 120x ... but it shows us a good view upto 30x only ... after that all hassel ... just forget it and look for another ... its just waste of money ...
 Sun Cure and other similar sun drying `` resins '' work in a pinch , but are realistically pretty terrible.First of all , Sun Cure dries a slight neon yellowgreen when it hardens -LRB- like watered down cat piss -RRB- and will make your surfboard look retarded.Second , it will ALWAYS be flaking , chipping , etc. . . and will NEVER create a legitimate seal.Third , it 's sloppy , and if you ever try to go back and fix the ding the right way - removing all the chips of sun cure is more work than doing the actual glasswork.Honestly , any time you need to do a repair on a surfboard , you should skip the sun cure and pick up some sanding resin instead . The price is the same , and for only a slight increase in effort , you 're able to fix your surfboard in a way that -LRB- depending on your skill level -RRB- can look and behave as if it had n't gotten that ding in the first place.http : / / www.amazon.com/Ding-All-pt-Sanding-Resin/dp/B004BFWKEO/ref=sr_1_2?s=sporting-goods&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1359104877&sr;=1-2&keywords;=sanding+resin
 I 'm a contractor and I 've had the Stinger Streamlight -LRB- Poly -RRB- in daily use for a little over a month . It is compact and very very bright . As you read the manufacturer 's description , pay close attention to these two stats
 Do n't expect too much from this flashlight . I was n't very impressed , there are way better products for a better price .
 I own the Streamlight Stinger/rechargeable with the regular 25,000 candlepower -LRB- CP -RRB- lens . I then bought the 40,000 CP adapter -LRB- $ 35.00 -RRB- to improve the performance and increase the power of my Stinger . I was disappointed immediatelly
 Very bright - easy to handle - much smaller than I originally thought.Battery life has been horrendous . Barely lasts more than 2 days of on/off continuous work
 It did not work at all and so i returned it i DO need A Clip on flashlight but i need one that works and has parts i can get anywhere not parts i `` must '' buy from them . God bless take care .
 whose idea of TUNDRA are we talking?This is n't even warm enough for fall in NY.Maybe spring ?? This is NOT a warm JACKET.Also , I bought the women 's XL . . you 've got to be kidding . . It fits my 15 year old daughter who is rather tiny and petite . I am certain no heffer . . but I could n't get this around my shoulders . One arm length came just past my elbow . I 'm a size 12 women 's in general . . but this XL is more like a junior 's XL . Their sizing chart needs to be re-evaluated ! I am so disappointed . My daughter got a new jacket . . for SPRING . . after she tossed the hood , which fortunately does come off . Do not buy this jacket . It 's worthless . Unless you want a LIGHT coat and remember , XL women 's means `` size 3 juniors ''
 This airsoft pistol is just horrible . It broke during the first week I had it . Do not but this gun !
 This is the worst possible elctric blow back bb gun it sucks it sucks it sucks doenst even shoot good and now donest even work . DONT PURCHASE THIS GUN
 18 fps . In case you do n't know , fps is abreviated for `` feet per second '' . To get a good grip on the firepower of this gun , start at one point . Take about 10-15 average steps . Turn around . Say the word `` one-onethousand '' . Now race your word back to the origin . Chances are you beat your pellet back .
 We are all complaining about this piece of junk , crap or whatever we want to call it but , why did we buy it in the first place ? I did buy it because of the LOOKS , almost like the real thing , that 's about it and not for power or accuracy . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 IF you do n't know what fps is its feet per second now i can dodge a 200 fps air soft gun with ease now this is a tenth of that know imagine how easily it will be to dodge this air soft gun and if you want to know the exact fps then maybe you should try walking along with the BB with with one o those devices that measure fps
 When it works , it works great , but it seems to have a loose connection somewhere because it does go out sometimes and you have to jiggle it to get it to work . So either a design flaw , or I got one with a manufacturing error .
 Brightness is fine for me but I was n't aware that you had to keep your finger on the button the entire time to keep it lit up . Very inconvenient
 Nice little flashlight and well crafted but , why in the heck does it need its very own specially sized `` AAAA '' battery ? At first , I thought it was a mis-print on battery size . Streamlight should be ashamed of them selves . A person could really find themselves out of luck if the battery runs-out and nobody `` in-town or other country '' has never even heard of 4A size , worthless batteries . At the end of the day folks , no power means , no work . The engineers of StreramLight would be truly `` reaching '' to justify thier choice of batteries when `` AA '' or even `` AAA '' would work so much better and more efficiently .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 The release is too &#34; touchy &#34; and there is no tension adjustment on the release which could cause some misfires if you are not careful .
 The product fits my son very well . As a matter of fact , it fit me just fine . The problem is with the trigger mechanism . It is way too twitchy . I mean , the trigger is exessively light . You ca n't look at it wrong and it engages . Not a very safe release for a child or adult . Would n't recommend it at all .
 The bolster is simply too hard to be comfortable . I would recommend that a description of how hard it is be included in the details about it so that others can know it 's not a soft pillow . I do n't use it .
 Very supportive almost to an extreme . I seldom use it because of its firmness . Do like the shape though , would not buy again
 I bought this bolster and as soon as I purchased it I washed the cover on delicate , in cold water and hung it to dry . Once it dried , I was not able to fit the cover back over the bolster . The customer service rep told me I should have dry cleaned it . For a Yoga product , and a natural , washable fabric such as cotton , I find this completely ludicrous . Washing in water is nontoxic , inexpensive and natural . Dry cleaning is expensive , uses chemicals and is toxic . I have many couch and chair cushiions that I wash regularly . Being able to easily clean a product such as this is important . The company should prewash the fabric before constructing the covers so that they dont ' shrink . The label says cold water wash is ok , but it 's not . There is n't any reason that the cover should n't be washable . I would not buy this product again and wasted $ 60 .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I purchased this system from a big-box sporting goods store . The installation instructions stink . Some bags of bolts , nuts , etc. appear to be mislabeled , but in the instructions it says those numbers are to help THEM , not YOU , so you have to ignore the part numbers on the bags . Gee , thanks ! The instructions manual 's illustrations were typically very crowded and it was often very difficult to see everything you were supposed to do . No real written instructions , just illustrations . It took close to 6 hours to assemble it , but I bet the second time would be under 4 hours . The instructions , though lousy , were not a major source of dissatisfaction.After getting it set up , my son 's girlfriend tried out the ab crunch station . She probably had about 30 pounds on it and the weld on the pivot arm was breaking ! My new gym ... broken almost immediately . I emailed tech support on a Sunday and they responded the next day . They wanted some additional information , which I supplied . About two weeks later , I received the replacement part . I had to do a good bit of disassembly to get the part replaced . Once installed , it felt very flimsy ... not nice and sturdy like the showroom model . A while later , I revisited the store . The showroom model pivot arm was MUCH better designed and MUCH beefier ! No wonder!I took photos and described the problem to Powertec in email . They ignored the email ... no response . I 've sent several more ... same result . I guess I 'm stuck with a crappy system . I 'll most likely use it for 80 + days , then return it to the Big-Box store -LRB- 90 day return policy -RRB- . One other difference between the showroom model and my model
 If you are serious with working out this machine is not for you . The machine looks bad and I loved the color but that was about what I liked . The range of motion is limited and will not work your muscles correctly . Each exersice attachment will not do the job right . There are better machines out there , just do your homework before commiting to this System it will be well worth it .
 I will NEVER purchase another piece of equipment from Powertec again ! First off , they have a decent rep in the industry . Now that they have that rep , like other reviewers have stated , they 've been cheapening equipment and parts . My machine had many pieces significantly welded asymetrically , which is VERY dangerous and can seriously injure you ! Welding also cracking in some places after minimal use !! What appauled me the most was the customer service . This stuff , surprise surprise is made overseas , so I gave powertec the benefit of the doubt that it was n't their fault , although there is better quality control w other companies . Customer service ignored my emails , then when I called a week later and spoke to THE ONLY PERSON WORKING THERE they gave me the run around !!! Seriously , one person ? Complaint went to `` management '' and again I was ignored . BEST case scenario I would have had to pay out of my own pocket to return item to them , THEN incur another 20 % restocking fee !! On a faulty cheap item !!!! Believe me folks , steer clear of this company . Cheap products that the company will not stand by !
 I will NEVER purchase another piece of equipment from Powertec again ! First off , they have a decent rep in the industry . Now that they have that rep , like other reviewers have stated , they 've been cheapening equipment and parts . My machine had many pieces significantly welded asymetrically , which is VERY dangerous and can seriously injure you ! Welding also cracking in some places after minimal use !! What appauled me the most was the customer service . This stuff , surprise surprise is made overseas , so I gave powertec the benefit of the doubt that it was n't their fault , although there is better quality control w other companies . Customer service ignored my emails , then when I called a week later and spoke to THE ONLY PERSON WORKING THERE they gave me the run around !!! Seriously , one person ? Complaint went to `` management '' and again I was ignored . BEST case scenario I would have had to pay out of my own pocket to return item to them , THEN incur another 20 % restocking fee !! On a faulty cheap item !!!! Believe me folks , steer clear of this company . Cheap products that the company will not stand by !
 You get what you pay for . Cheap Cheap Cheap . The frame work for this canopy is made out of very light metal and is easy to bend out of shape . Would not take much wind to fold this set up down . Might be ok for a indoor event or a one time use outside . The storage bag however was well built . After we bent our frame beyond repair during set up we trashed it and bought a EZ-UP canopy .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Contract supplier are morons ca n't send correct item , wo n't give a contact e-mail address and only responds when pressured br Amazon !!!
 I thought I was buying `` Streetwise Pepper spray '' . It turned out to be a `` bait and switch '' . Rogers Goods sent me a different lesser product than what I had ordered . When I complained to Rogers Goods I was told that 's the same thing . I explained I did not want to spray that I wanted Streetwise . Finally after several attempts , Amazon approved my return of the product . I had to pay for the postage which I did not think was right considering I was given the wrong product from Rogers Goods . JMC
 Never communicated with me about my order . After waiting two weeks and sending several emails to find out where my order was this seller never sent me any communications . I never recieved the item I ordered . I am also a little ticked with Amazon.com since they never sent me any communication about the claim I filed against this Amazon vendor . I am a little shocked because I have always had great luck with Amazon.com.I hope this was a one time event . My wife and I live in a remote area and we rely on Amazon.com for many of our purchases and I would hate to think that Amazon is starting to be like a lot of the sites that simply do n't care about it 's customers . My wife even worked for Amazon for a while and was shocked at the lack of attention with this problem.Anyway , DO NOT BUY FROM THIS Amazon Seller .
 So I bought this cup in order to carry my creatine/protein powders and milk or water and be able to keep it cool while in the car and at the gym until I decided to make my drink.It failed at everything.the bottom container is really small so you can almost barely fit the recommended dosage for most products . the cooling wand is garbage it does n't keep drinks cool for much to long and the worst part of it all . The shaker sucks !!!! you have to be careful not to shake to vigorously or else you will have liquid coming out from the cup -LRB- I tried everything and everytime if I shook too hard liquid would come out -RRB- side note to be fair , cold liquids prove to dissolve solvents poorly . so if you have a protein that is hard to dissolve adding cold liquid will make it a nightmare but that is not the cups fault that is simple chemistry.I would recomment going with a Shaker cup with a wire ball like HighEnergy Labs or Blender bottle -LRB- which I bought at walmart -RRB- both those bottles seal real well and with the use of the little wire ball dissolve perfectly .
 This product is okay , must use with care ... The product will leak if it is overturned -LRB- does not travel well -RRB- .
 Company shipped fast , and the price was good . Love the portage in the bottom cup , and the ice wand is a nice touch - I hate warm protein drinks . Unfortunately , the `` fan '' mixer thing works about as well as a Labrador in the desert . I ended up with clumpy `` pebbles '' of mix.J
 I bought this to go on a cruise as I know I needed something as we would be in the pool and at the beach . After using it a couple of time it started to not close . We have 2 of these and both had the same problem and everything got wet !
 In general , this is a good quality lanyard and cardholder.However , the cardholder does n't open very fast or easy . This can be especially problematic if it is winter and your hands are numb and you need to fidget in the cold to take out a buss pass . I travel daily within NYC metro and have a bunch of commuter passes for my daily commute -LRB- LIRR , Metrocard , ferry , Light rail , smart link etc -RRB- . Sometimes I need to open it in a rush to take out a pass and swipe it for a ticket -LRB- for example when a bus is approaching -RRB- . However , this cardholder does n't open fast or easily . I have missed several bus etc because of this problem . I have had it for about 6 months now and the top opening section has torn off because I have to really work at it to open ; with the result that it does n't close well now.If however , you do n't need to open the cardholder often , then I highly recommend it . I say that because it is otherwise a sturdy and reliable item . It will probably last a long time if all you want is put your ID in it once and close it .
 I used this product for surface level snorkeling and was extremely disappointed
 This item was n't worth the money . It worked for one time , then tore when opening , and let water in . It was not used hard or misused , just cheaply made and did not work past one use . !!! A definite disappointment .
 It 's simply not water tight , water leaks in every time , no matter how carefully I try to close the strip . Luckily I was only holding 2 plastic cards .
 Bought this mount three years ago for a MinnKota PowerDrive V2 . The steering mechanism on the motor has failed three times . The last repair reversed the logic that keeps the motor on coumpass course . But ... the Quickrelease Motor Mount has always worked - until now.Probably on the 6th or 7th use , the plastic locking arm broke . Now I ca n't use my motor without risking losing it . I was not using undue pressure - it just snapped . And although the part easily unscrews from the aluminum base - there is no repair part.I 'll buy a screw-down clamp and cross my fingers . The engineering on this part needs improvement .
 I purchased this quick release for my boat and ne Minn Kota Power Drive because of Minn Kotas great reputation . This item never made it passed my living room before I decided to ship it back to Amazon . The directions from Minn Kota were poorly written and I was trying to figure out what was the front or back side before I mounted it on my boat . I put the cover on the base and it would only go on in one direction by design . It went together hard and tightly as if it did not belong together . Okay once together , the cover would not come off the base when I released the quick release lever ! I had to pry it apart with tools from underneath the base . If I had bolted the base to the boat , I would have not been able to realease the cover and would have to remove the nuts from the bolts and then remove the entire base . This is a badly engineered item from Minn Kota . I returned this item and used a different quick release from Minn Kota .
 I ordered this item to use on my boat as a trickle charger for the 12v Battery . The item in the photo is in a plastic case and the photo appears to be the charger I have seen on other boats . That is why I placed the order . Unfortunately , I was shipped a different model in a metal casing -- which does not appear to be as weather proof . Rain and Saltwater appear to able to puddle and leak through seams in the corner . I doubt if the metal casing will be as corrosion resistant , durable , or as eco-friendly as the plastic unit pictured.There were no instructions or specs provided for the unit . It is not clear how the mounting bracket should be installed . This unit may be fine indoors , in a car , or a dry environment. , but I doubt it will be found very durable in weather.On the plus side , the unit appears to have more cell and may generate more amps than the unit photoed . Also , shipping was very , very , fast . Probably faster than anything I have ever ordered . In less than 4 days and it was at my front door .
 I bought this battery because the web site recommended to . Turns out this battery does not go with the slinger they recommend it for.I could have returned the battery but it would have cost more than the original cost of the battery .
 I usually like products from these guys but this knife sharpener did nothing for any knife that I used it on . After sitting there and going over and over with the action to sharpen the knives , nothing was coming to fruition . Now , perhaps under a microscope I could have seen improvement in the blade but not with my naked eyes or in using it .
 I got this because i trusted Gerber to make a good sharpener . I have always like their knives so I thought I bet they make a good sharpener . Wrong . I cary a folding knife -LRB- Gerber also -RRB- every day in my back pocket , its handy . I tried this sharpener on that as it was getting dull and I had lost my wet stone . This sharpener was horrible . The tiny feathers in the metal just get bent over as you sharpen with this and it does not work . If any thing it made my knife duller the more i used it . I tried to use less pressure , no luck . So i tossed it and got a wet stone . Just buy a new knife when it gets dull or sharpen it the old fashioned way .
 this is a piece of junk . wont sharpen the blade AT ALL , just buy a whet stone and do it the real way .
 complete waste of money . spend it on a better product . this could n't sharpen anything no matter how hard you tried .
 I was in need of a quick in the field/on the hike sharpener . I looked to Gerber to fill my needs , seeing that I have many of their other products and have been 100 % satisfied with them . The first time I used it , all of the sharpening rods became loose inside the plastic enclosure and would spin when I pulled a knife through it . This made the sharpener useless . I figured it may have a been a defective unit , so I returned it for another one . This new unit had the same problem , I was able to sharpen one small Gerber pocket knife before this unit broke . Note
 I purchased the sharpener from a local retailer . The sharpener 's base is too thin to be stable when sharpening and the plastic slides around . If the sharpener was a little thicker and had rubber on the base -LRB- more like the yellow Smith 's pocket sharpener -RRB- it would be much more functional . I like the idea of not having the carbide blades , as the diamond rods are better for your knife 's steel , but wish I had gone with the Accusharp SharpNEasy thru Amazon because it offers everything that the Gerber product does plus a wider base with rubber on it.Sharp-n-Easy 2 Step Knife SharpenervsGerber Blades 22-41307 Diamond Pocket Sharpener
 I bought this elsewhere but I 'll give my review here . First , this product is made in China , and I am tired of my money going to a Communist country . The product also simply does not do its job well . The rods are at a 40 degree angle to each other , which is a very fat angle , and probably the reason they do n't sharpen well .
 yeah ... it sharpens beautifully ... only if u had a grip on the little thing . it 's an inch wide , and 1.5 inches long . u put yer fingers in the groove , and hold the knife in the other hand . problem is ... is that this lil piece of junk wont stay steady , so it gives yer knife a swerve of sharpness here and there . and it doesnt even think to sharpen your blade tip for an inch down . buy it if u want , and u 'll c wot i mean . go ahead ... it 's only 3 bucks . 3 bucks wasted that is .
 bad buy not worth the shipping which is like 3 times the price , does n't sharpen fully .
 this product did not sharpen my blade as well as it should have . not worth the money .
 These are low-grade `` 1/2-cut '' stamped cotters - not machined . It is very hard to tell this from the really bad picture.They measure 9.4 mm to account for the fact that the `` cut '' area might `` squish '' out a bit and get larger than 9.5 mm when stamped out by the machine they are made on . If this were to happen they would not fit into the 9.5 mm hole in the crank . The ramp `` cut '' is only about 1/2-way back up the pin instead of the full-cut or 3/4-cut that many nicer machined cotters have . Machined Cotters are truly 9.5 mm instead of undersized because they do n't have the `` stamping squish '' issue.Always use these as a pair or you are going to have mis-matched crank angles unless you file it/them by hand to match the cotter you already have installed in the other crank.Neither end of these cotters are domed to prevent mushrooming when they are being pressed in or out . It is not such a big deal when you press one in -LRB- or hammer carefully with a nylon/brass hammer -RRB- - but even if you press these back out carefully with a proper cotter press the threads on the very end are almost certainly going to get messed up . I 'd say these are disposable one-time-only use cotters as I doubt you are going to get these out without messing up the threads even using a correct cotter press tool.But at least they are CHEAP if you buy enough of them to offset the shipping cost . Maybe Good enough for your mother-in-law 's bike ...
 NEVER RECEIVED THE PRODUCT . TRYED TO CONTACT MOWTOWN AND NUMEROUS TIMES AND THEY NEVER RESPONDED . I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN AND ADVISE NO ONE ELSE TO BUY FROM THEM .
 It is a ok scooter but at the same time it is bad.the forks bend easy the breaks fall of and get rusty.the grip tape is the worst part of . The scooter I would not get it
 I got this for my 5 y/o son for his birthday . He used it three times and parts starting falling out . The scooter is not able to lock closed or open . I am disappointed .
 I bought this for my daughter and it is already broken . I asked her wehat happen and she said '' I was just riding it and it stopped turning '' ... something inside the base of the handle bars has shifted out of place and she can no longer ride it :-LRB- we can try to fix it I suppose but after having the scooter for 11 days we should NOT have to be fixing it .
 I realize this is a simple A2 scooter . Now I must say that this is a waste of extra money . Of course scooters that have the letter a in them really are not for any type of tricks or jumps . This A2 snapped extremely easy , but hey ... that 's what pro scooters are for . The reason behind the 1 star rating is due to these accessories . The wheelie bar for one makes no sense , and two
 After using the same model for a couple years , my 10 yr old son received this model as a replacement . Within a couple months of scarce riding -LRB- he goes a week or more without riding it at all -RRB- , 2 critical problems developed which make the Razor unrideable :1 -RRB- The steering column sometimes will move independently of the front wheel . Adjusting the hex nut where the two primary halves of the steering column connect does nothing .2 -RRB- The back tire developed a large dent . My son is far from a professional user , and the jumps and tricks he does are very tame compared to a middle school or high school student . But he does go off low curbs . But he 's ridden the same way for years on his previous Razor . The tires are clearly different on this newer model ... they are transluscent instead of opaque . And at some point , he must have gone off a curb , putting a large dent in the back tire . The tire should be able to support modest tricks by a modest rider , just as previous versions have.Since neither of these issues can be fixed at home without expert knowledge and replacement parts , and since the product failed to stand up to what I consider very tame use in its first 2 months , I 'm giving this Razor the lowest score possible . I fear the manufacturer is taking a successful design and just making it cheaper and cheaper . My son 's first Razor developed unsolvable problems too , but only after a couple years of use .
 Although i 'm not completely disappointed since i know my cousins will appreciate scooters for christmas , the items arrived with scratches although they were not supposed to be used . Fast shipping though !!
 I would never purchase anything from this vendor ever again . I purchased the razor and my daughter also got a razor so all I did was to get it and return it immediately and I was charged $ 9 for a return fee . That is ridiculous !
 The scooter was in fine condition when it came but after taking it out of the box and unfolding it , I found that it was defective . It would not fold back into the position it was stored in , which meant it had to be sent back but was made difficult with its awkward shape .
 The kid that I nanny for SPLIT HIS FEMUR IN HALF riding one of these . He did not crash into anything , he merely lost balance and twisted his leg on it . He is NOT overweight -- he is completely average size in every way and is also healthy . -LRB- Read , no nutrient deficiency -RRB- Doctors say this is the equivalent for kids to adult 's on motorcycles , and that kids hurt themselves on these more than any other activity .
 i really dont like this because is fell apart went i was taking it out of the box . peice of poop !
 i have had my scooter for 2 years.the scooter is fun but when i was riding it the handle bar thing twisted and now when i TRY to ride it you have to turn it a certain way . i 'm moving to an electric scooter . these in my opinion are cheep scooters !!
 I ca n't honestly review this product because I returned it after Amazon thought it was OK to ship a damaged and crushed box even though I specifically ordered it as a gift , they did n't even include the gift tag .
 This is a very small , not average sized Razor . I had bought one a few years ago for my daughter and she still rides & loves it . I bought this one for my 6 year old boy , thinking it was the same size . He ca n't even get both feet on the deck . I do not recommend this razor for anyone older than 4 .
 Was shipped to my home instead of desired address . Ended up mailing myself and now lost somewhere in snail mail land .
 I 've bought this scooter for my niece who 's used it exactly four times before parts start falling apart . The saying you get what you pay for just never fails . I 'd much rather pay more for better quality than go through the hassle of returning one item & buying another one . Sigh .
 Last Christmas I bought 4 of these for my kids . By the summer , all 4 were falling apart , and my kids are n't particularly hard on toys .
 This product is cheap for a reason . It breaks easily and becomes jammed without fail constantly . The seller first sent me a broken one and i got that one replaced but again it gets messed up all the time with the slightest use .
 This is a very bad scooter compared to the old razors . The old razors were much lighter and stronger . After 4 months of hard riding it started to develope shake -LRB- not from the headset -RRB- and rode very low to the ground .
 i did some research on scooters for my 3 year old . she had been borrowing the other kids mini-kick scooters in the neighborhood . i discovered the mini-kick was $ 83 !!! surely i could get a cheaper option , right ?
 We purchased two of these scooters for my sons for Christmas . A few days before the holiday , we tried to put them together . While one went together in a snap , the other has a bent T-tube and the handle bars could n't be inserted . We called Razor and they said they 'd send out a new bar -LRB- not scooter -RRB- but it would be 6-8 weeks . Those Christmas gifts were put on hold . We did receive the replacement parts about 10 weeks later , but with no instructions or recommended tools . When I called to ask to be walked through , I was told there were instructions on the website - not so . I 've searched the site , and there are no instructions for replacing parts on my scooter . I 've called back a number of times , and was finally told it might make more sense to buy a new scooter if I could n't figure it out - they were n't offering to replace my scooter , they just suggested buying a new one . It is now 5 months later , one scooter is in pieces and I 've finally decided to trash the whole thing . We 'll be purchasing new scooters for them both , and wo n't buy a razor product again .
 This scooter is trash . I snapped mine trying to gap a 4 stair . If you just want to cruise around , this scooter is perfect for you . If you 're obsessed with tricks like big airs , stair sets , bar twists , barspins , tailwhips , 180s , 360s , bri flips and more , you NEED a pro model scooter . They 're faster , smoother , stronger , and lighter . There is no point in the wheelie bar , the deck squeaks and the bearings rattle when you ride it , and the folding mecanism just makes it heavier and less sturdy . If you want a good quality , cheaply priced pro scooter , I recommend the Razor Pro Lo or Ultra Pro Lo scooter . The handlebars are wider which makes it easier to grab them while landing barspins , wheels are much smoother and you get more speed when getting air off ramps . Or if you do n't want the Razor Pro , just switch out the wheels on a kick scooter to faster wheels . -LRB- I recommend Demon or Yak wheels , you can get them at any scooter store . That 's what I did , WAY faster and smoother ! -RRB- Also with the Pro Lo scooter , you should change out the grips for ODI Longneck grips because when you 're hands are sweaty , they 'll slip and it 's hard to grip the bars . ODI 's are almost exactly like BMX bike handlebars . If you REALLY want a pro scooter , I recommend you start with a complete pro scooter like MGP or Slamm , they make great completes . Alloy wheels , better clamps and forks , and overall better performance . If you do n't like the bar height , you can always cut the bar and make it smaller . These completes are available at any scooter store . For me , I 'd custom complete a pro scooter which means buying seperate bars , grips , decks , griptape , wheels . etc and having the store employee put it together for you . I 'll start with the bars . There are different kinds of bars including Twan Nawt , Viper and more , they come in different colors -LRB- My favorite is the rasta Twan Nawts !!! -RRB- Grips include ODI 's , they 're amazing , and have really good grip for doing big tricks . Clamps are better than the Razor 's because its stronger and wo n't snap you get big air or gap a big set of stairs . Decks can include Phoenix or Blunt and come in different sizes depending on your skill level . Wider decks are great for beginners because it 's easier to catch the deck when doing tailwhips . Smaller decks are great for pro riders if you love backflips , flairs and more . Griptape , it does n't really matter just make sure it covers the whole deck for more grip while doing tricks . Wheels , Yaks and Demons are great wheels , they 're faster , and smoother and just better to get more speed . The Razor kick wheels were SO laggy and slow , I switched mine out for Demon wheels . Brakes , I recommend the Fakey Brake , it 's better for doing fakies and the brake doesnt rattle when you move around . So , the point of this review is to throw away you 're Razor Kick scooter and go for the pro model scooters !
 this is a horrid scooter for tricks ! do not be fooled by the happy kids doing tricks ! i did a few four stairs and the folding mechanisim broke very promptley !
 We owned a Razor scooter for several years before we purchased this one . That thing was indestructible and while it took serious abuse it functioned perfectly . We would have it to this day if it had not been stolen . We bought this one to replace the stolen one . From day one it would not fold properly and the handle would not lock fully . We sent it back and got a new one thinking we got a defective one . The second one had the same problem . Because my son uses the scooter almost daily to get to school and around the neighborhood , he did not want to send it back and wait for a replacement yet again . So , now we just never fold it up which , is a bit inconvenient living in a New York City apartment . My advice is go to a store with your kid and have them try several models , opening and closing them to see if they can do it consistently before making a purchase . C'mon Razor bring back the quality !
 I got this scooter when I was six , and after a week of riding it fell apart ! One wheel fell off , and one of the grip thingys fell off . Also I fell on it and busted my lip.I would not reccommend this scooter for anyone .
 I bought this product through Amazon for my nephew for Christmas . When he opened it on Christmas day , we realized it was damaged and it was very difficult to insert the handles , since one of the metallic tubes where the handles are inserted was bent . Of course , returning it was not an option , since my nephew had been waiting for this scooter for quite some time ... I had to use a hammer and spend some time trying to assemble it . Totally unacceptable , it is definitely lack of Quality Control , I am sure it did not get damaged during the shipping , since the box where it came was very big and it was well packaged.I am not sure I will buy toys at Amazon again ... . could it be that they sell irregular products ????????
 Purchased the scooter with the streamer for my daughter . It is missing a piece and the streamers came off the first time she used it .
 I was mislead by the advertisement . The shorts are skin thin and do n't have pockets in them . Quality it is ok for what they really are ... pijama shorts.Maybe it is my problem 'cause I am not a native English language speaker , maybe not .
 I took a chance on these shorts sight unseen and unfortunately I gave them away after trying them on . The fabric is some sort of icky synthetic and feels terrible .
 The manufacturer of this product is very sub-standard . I had to return the first one I ordered because after one time of pulling back the hammer , it would n't release . It 's designed not to be dry-fired over and over , but not even once ? I received a replacement very promptly -LRB- which is why Grendel 's Cave is a great seller -RRB- , and I started having issues with that one too almost immediately with the bullet chamber opening not staying in place -LRB- which took a judicious amount of double-sided tape to fix so that it would remain closed ! -RRB- . It 's a nice piece for display purposes only , but do NOT try to use any of the functionality .
 I was mislead by the advertisement . The shorts are skin thin and do n't have pockets in them . Quality it is ok for what they really are ... pijama shorts.Maybe it is my problem 'cause I am not a native English language speaker , maybe not .
 I took a chance on these shorts sight unseen and unfortunately I gave them away after trying them on . The fabric is some sort of icky synthetic and feels terrible .
 I purchased 7 of these stop watches for an experiment , and selected them because they are the cheapest we could find.It keeps track of the time , date , has an alarm , hourly chime and of course the stop watch . The lap function on the stop watch works as you would expect.The user interface is poor , changing the time turns the alarm on . There is no indication the hourly chime is on , and to turn it of you push lap/reset and mode together . Easy if you know it hard , if you do n't . The durability is poor . I left one stop watch in my car in the parking lot for a day . The sticker describing the functions peeled off . Worse , the LCD is now only partly visible , and the parts that are visible change . Three days later it is still unusable . To be fair , I left it in the sun on a 75 degree day , but it 's disappoint that I am already down one stop watch.If you want a really cheap stop watch , this will work , but do n't expect it to last and do n't leave it out in the sun .
 I was just looking for a really basic stop watch , but this has an alarm option and a couple of other things . I really did n't want all of that . Now the thing beeps every few hours and I ca n't figure out how to shut it off . It 's not what I was looking for .
 I was mislead by the advertisement . The shorts are skin thin and do n't have pockets in them . Quality it is ok for what they really are ... pijama shorts.Maybe it is my problem 'cause I am not a native English language speaker , maybe not .
 I took a chance on these shorts sight unseen and unfortunately I gave them away after trying them on . The fabric is some sort of icky synthetic and feels terrible .
 I was hoping for some familiar tunes I had heard at Zumba class that would add energy and remind me of Zumba but this CD does n't Either I have n't been going to Zumba long enough or something because there are very few tunes I recognize on this CD . It does have a couple of familiar cuts so it is not all bad .
 It 's not very upbeat poor sound quality , I do n't recommend this product to anyone looking for an upbeat CD to workout too
 Thought it was a zumba dance CD like others I bought before where I could learn more zumba steps.I do n't like it because it was not the zumba CD thought.Not recommended unless you only want to hear the music rhythm .
 This was not what I thought it would be . The music is good but wish there was a better description for the product because I wouldnt have bought it .
 was soooooo frustrated and ashame ! ... i gave this as a gift to friend just to find out there is no video !! . it 's blank ! ... only music . ! ... my friend Shiela will send it back to me .
 I do n't know how this helmet got such high reviews.As mentioned by others , the visor is a problem . It is cheap and flimsy . It is made so that you can detach . The holes for the pins on the visor do not snap in all the way and just keep it on . The visor flew off twice today when I hit a moderate wind gust.The shell does not feel like it makes a tight fit with the styrofoam and just looks cheaply made.The only thing this helmet has going for it is the dial for adjusting to different head sizes and it is moderately comfortable . The Giro Indicator is similar in price and puts this helmet to shame .
 I received the helmet in the mail and opened it to try it . When I put it on I realized that the big plastic part on the top was loose and moving.When I slightly lift it it came out completely . Also the one of black plastic parts on two sides dropped by itself . I can see the glue under the plastic parts . I looked at the same item at Target before buying it Amazon.com and they looked very firm and there was nothing loose . I requested a replacement.Check yours when it arrives .
 I ordered this helmet online . When it showed up , many of the plastic surface panels were detaching from the helmet . The glue they use is garbage . It did fit alright however . Nevertheless I returned it due to the defective glue .
 I bought this helmet based on the excellent reviews , but the piece in the back used to tighten the plastic strap fell out after about 2 weeks of light usage . I ca n't find it anywhere , making this helmet essentially useless . I called Schwinn , and they do n't have any replacement parts so I 'll have to buy a new helmet when only one piece of mine is missing . Many other bike companies have excellent customer service , but Schwinn is not one of them . I also do not like how the visor clips in and out .
 After reading other reviews for this and people saying they had a large head and it fit them I pulled the trigger and purchased this item . It arrived today and I put it on , sort of ... The darn thing does n't fit my head ! I turned the dial to make it as large as possible and even at the largest setting it just does n't sit right on my head . And I 'm not a large guy at all.The helmet itself looks decent , but I have to give it low rating because it does n't fit and it 's not comfortable to me even at the largest setting . Guess I will need to run down to the local store and get a helmet after I can try them on for size.This adult adjustable does NOT fit all head sizes .
 I bought this helmet about two years ago . I wear it a few times a day for short rides -- it 's never been abused , never been in a crash . But it 's falling apart.It started with the visor . The visor 's just a clip-on piece of plastic , held in place by very light tension and some meager clips . I lost it a while back when it fell off . But the visor 's supposed to be detachable , so I should n't complain.There are also two black plastic panels on the back that cover the styrofoam . I think they 're mostly decorative , but suffice it to say , now there 's only one black panel.The plastic adjustment on the side that 's supposed to fit the strap to go around your ears broke apart a few weeks ago , so now the strap does n't fit right . Also , the clip under the chin that 's supposed to let you adjust the length of the strap has gotten stuck a few times recently , although I 've been able to fix it so far.Finally , that blue-grey cover that 's patterned to look like carbon fiber ? Well , it 's plastic , of course , but more to the point , it fell off too . I tried gluing it on , to no avail , and now it 's held on with tie-wraps , just so I do n't have to look at the glue residue underneath.In short , there were eight pieces of plastic attached to this thing when I got it . Five of them have broken.UPDATE
 The helmet arrived with several plastic pieces separate of the helmet . I have tried to fix it but I could n't .
 Came in the box with most of the plastic coverings falling off . Does n't seem like a very sturdy helmet when worn .
 I ordered once ... returned , replacement had the same problem - the 2 pieces on the back fall right off , and the top part is not sticking either . sent second one back .
 It 's a shame !! It look really nice but when I just remove the helmet of the box , plastic components began to detach !!!
 Most of the plastic had come unglued before I even took it out of the box . I can see that it was glued at some point , but they did not put enough obviously . I can just glue it on myself , but still a hassle .
 This helmet is made very cheaply . Right when I opened the box and picked up the helmet a side plastic piece fell off .
 This was broken and falling apart when I got it ! It is very poor quality ! I would not buy this .
 I guess the foam is what matters so I left a star on there for kicks since it was still &#34; safe &#34; but this product is terrible . I ordered this helmet to save some money . I got what I paid for . The plastic designs pasted on top of the foam peeled off within a week of being in air conditioning and having had no use . I am hesitant to argue its safety because I have yet to risk it but I would n't trust the workmanship . I would n't recommend this product at all . It looked great out of the package but that 's where the positives end .
 The item showed up and two pieces fell offas I was removing it from the plastic bag.The product seems otherwise fine , but Ishould not have to glue a new productback together .
 It 's made of styrofoam and the plastic exterior is SO thin . I worry about my safety when wearing this . I will be returning it and buying something that is of higher quality . It made cost more , but I better be safe than sorry .
 The plastic shell pieces started falling off , so I super glued them back on like others . Then , a couple days later , the back size wheel broke off , making the helmet loose and unusable because it wo n't fit on my head . Wasted $ 20 on this thing and Amazon wo n't let me return it because it 's past 30 days . Thanks a lot
 This is just Styrofoam with thin plastic decorative plates glued on , arrived with pieces falling off and loose.Styrofoam may work , but badly made and very cheap , nothing good to say ... just get out the low temp glue gun to stick decorations back on , i guess ... very poor product .
 I just got this helmet in the mail today . and as i was trying it on , i hear a `` clank ! '' One of the plastic panels that are basically glued onto the exterior of the helmet fell off.I inspected the other panels , and the glue on those were very weak . I 'm going to try to super glue them back on , but a product should n't come in this kind of condition . It seems like it was hastily made with little attention to detail.No doubt , this is a decent helmet that will probably protect your skull from injury , but for anyone thinking of buying this , you should also buy a tube of super glue in addition .
 I purchased this helmet based on the reviews and what a mistake that was . I just finished packing up the helmet I received today as a replacement for the defective one I recieved last week . I had the same problem with this helmet . The 2 plastic side pieces fall off if you touch them . If the helmet ca n't with stand someone taking it out of the plastic bag it came in , how well should I expect it to protect my son 's head . Clearly defective manufacturing .
 This product arrived and the black plastic trim on the back was lying loose in the box having already fallen off ! Spend a couple more dollars and buy a better product !
 Within the first week the visor/brim became loose and would no longer fit into the slots so whenever its windy , the brim flaps in the wind . Then the knob to adjust the size of the helmet fell off so it no longer fits properly . If that 's not bad enough the straps for the helmet came inverted but the clips are fixed in such a way that it ca n't be easily fixed . This is definitely a poor quality product and I 've only had it for less than a year .
 i bought this trusting the many good reviews but got disappointed , it is of pretty poor quality and its not confortable at all , do not buy this trust me !!!
 Cheaply made . The plastic proctectors all came off just after a few times wearing it . I had to super glue them all back down . It does not give me the safe feeling when I am riding . I would spend a little more money and find something nicer .
 This is supposedly a 1 size fits all -LRB- 14 + -RRB- helmet , but the only way I can get it to be tight on my head is to have one of the straps hook up all the way up the side of my chin , not under the chin like you 're supposed to.Also , the `` dial fit adjustable system '' does NOT add ease . It is so loose that you have to readjust it every time you put the helmet on.I was expecting a good helmet and was very disappointed .
 Just got this helmet the other day . I figured I 'd get it despite the bad reviews or photos of the shell falling off ... well , surprise , when it came it the side panels were off and the top part was able to come off with the push of a finger . Now I know all that part is just a shell for look , but if it comes off that easy , I 'm not going to rely on it to protect my head if need be . Going to spend the extra $ 15 to get a better one .
 When I read the word micro I assumed it was one of the thinner style helmets . It is not . The thing sticks out pretty far on the sides of your head and on top . Not as bad as the solid mushroom looking kids helmets , but pretty close . It does adjust easily and would fit on many different size heads . The carbon fiber black look of it is nice and the visor is decent . However , due to the thickness of the foam I will not be using this particular helmet .
 The shell fell of as I was taking it out of the box . I needed it for a race so I superglued it back on and have n't worn it Since the race .
 When I ordered this product I needed a helmet really soon for a charity ride , however when it came it was in pieces . The plasic that covers the helmet was glued with the worst possible glue and came off when I picked it up out of the box ! I thought well I got what I paid for however a few days later I saw a friend with a new helmet that was really good and he had only paid $ 10 more for it !
 I read some bad reviews about this product but for the price and the good reviews I decided to get it . when I open the box the plastic fell off the helmet I did n't even cut off the tag yet . I absolutely can not believe Schwinn put their name on this crap I will never buy another Schwinn product again , if they will allow their name on this piece of garbage . I wo n't even send it back I do n't want them to send it to someone else . Pay a little extra get something better .
 I am a 44 year old man , about 200 lbs with an average size head . This helmet was not comfortable no matter how I adjusted it . Furthermore , it is extremely cheaply made . The plastic molding on the sides literally fell off -LRB- on both sides -RRB- 30 seconds after I first put it on .
 When I took it out of the box , one of the plastic plate at the back on the helmet had already fallen off . I could see that there were little glue on it . BOTH stickers on top of the helmet were up . The quality is as poor as a something made by a kindergarten kid .
 I read a few other reviews that said that the helmet fell apart when they took it out of the box . I ignored these and thought they must be flukes . However , mine also fell apart as soon as it was taken out of the box . I certainly do not trust a helmet that ca n't even protect itself being shipped in a air-packet-padded box !
 Received the helmet in pieces , had to glue it , unfortunately i couldnt return it as i have shippied the item all the way to the UAE . Very poor quality .
 Very poor quality helmet . Plastic trim pieces that were paper thin were not even stuck to the helmet and others were missing . This helmet is made out of foam and it is painted black , it would not take much to break this helmet , I would n't feel safe in it . I would look at purchasing other helmets on the market .
 I rated this two stars , because the plastic shell has separated from the foam part . The helmet lasted about two weeks before one of the plastic pieces on the back fell off . Today , the large plastic piece fell off.I like how easy this helmet was to adjust and how comfortable it was to wear . I dislike how easily it came apart . It was either on my head or in my bag . No rough use , whatsoever.This product is only recommended for infrequent riders looking for a very inexpensive helmet . It is your head , protect it .
 There are two black plastic pannels on the exterior of the helmet that cover the styrofoam near the ears , one on each side , that fell off the helmet during shipping . I was able to glue them back on , but was disappointed and a bit concerned that they were not firmly attached in the first place .
 The back strap hangs way lower than the back of the helmet . I do n't know if that 's normal or not , but I doubt it.E-mails with photos have been ignored by Schwinn.When I tried calling them , their support voicemail system was confusing .
 Helmet arrived in bad shape , I do n't know if I need to blame the packaging or the product itself . Really disappointed with the shipment/product .
 Make no mistake , this is a cheap helmet.It does n't appear to be one in the photos , or from a distance , but it 's definitely cheap . The `` shell '' on the outside is very thin and just cheaply glued on , it appears to be more like a hard cardstock coated in clear plastic than an actual shell.The padding on the inside of the helmet is almost non-existent . It does little to prevent the helmet from scooting around on your head a bit.Aesthetically , this helmet appears to be quite large in comparison to other helmets . I even overheard a kid say `` What 's that huge thing on that guy 's head ? `` Ventilation is also not very good.All in all , it 's a helmet and I 'm sure it would protect your head in a crash , but with offerings by Giro and others available at only a few dollars more on Amazon , there 's no reason to choose the el cheapo schwinn.Wish I could have the money back ...
 Just got this in the mail today . It looked okay when I took it out of the box . The general appearance I liked with the carbon fiber looking shell although kind of bulky . The thin plastic covering has a lot of gaps underneath and some parts do not even touch the foam . When I was trying to clip off the cardboard tag from it the visor popped off really easily . -LRB- The tag was BETTER secured than it was ! -RRB- So I did n't see the point of keeping it if it 's that easy to come off especially since I had read so many reviews that said the same thing about it . Turning the helmet over and checking out the straps , the adjustment knobs are somewhat useless since they do n't seem to stay in place and slide some . The actual buckle worked fine however the little rubber band thing to hold the extra length was pretty useless since it would roll down . I have at least 6 inches of extra strap left which I would probably have to cut off half and singe the ends . When I put the helmet on I found that it really was n't that comfortable even AFTER adjusting with the knob -LRB- WHICH BTW is HARD to turn to tighten enough because the center of the back of the helmet comes down into a V right over the turning knob ! -RRB- I was wondering what was poking my head and noticed that inside the helmet there are circular groups of raised pointed dots all over the inside . -LRB- I think they are from release pins from manufacturing . -RRB- If it had BETTER padding inside I would n't have notice them at all . When I pushed the helmet down and moved from side to side on my head to see if it was snug enough , I could actually FEEL the hard foam inside it ! IF you look inside the helmet , there are large areas were there is n't any padding . Even AFTER tightening , I found that there were gaps on either side of my head wide enough for me to easily slide my finger in which worries me . I really could n't tighten it ANY MORE since it was kind of between notches.After all of this ... I could barely keep the thing on my head for 5 minutes it was so hard , ill fitting and uncomfortable that I ca n't imagine wearing this thing on any length of trip even to the super market a mile away . I originally had a '12 Specialized Sierra and it fit PERFECTLY enough for me to forget I was even wearing it plus it was reflective . I think I 'll return this and spend the extra $ 15 to get another Specialized . The quality disparity between them is like night and day ! It just is n't safe feeling to me!Maybe I 've got a weird shaped head , I do n't know . But what I DO know is that you get what you pay for and when it comes to your SAFETY , a few extra dollars in getting a quality , well made , properly fitting , comfortable , easy to use helmet is well worth the money and piece of mind that your money is better spent in preventing an accident rather than after one .
 This helmet is cheap and probably functional ... but if you are going for looks , it is terrible . The cheap plastic comes off easily . I had to glue the pieces back on , then I said forget it . You get what you pay for .
 This fell apart in less than one week . The outer plastic shell came off without any misuse at all . It just fell off even though there were no falls with it and the helmet was not mistreated . What a waste of money !
 Pros
 This helmet had pieces falling off of it immediately upon opening it . All of the plastic coverings were loose , and I suspect they would fall off with minimal use . Do not buy this product . It is faulty . Other reviewers have had the same problem .
 The Visor wo n't stay on . The helmet was great for about one week then the visor started falling off . I would not recommend as this should not of happened . I gave this a 2 star , as the rest of the helmet is still good but now has four holes were the visor should be .
 Straps are uncomfortable and had to be readjusted every time I put the helmet on . The plastic piece in the front was constantly coming off from the day I bought it . Then after a few months , the whole top cover popped off . The plastic pieces in the back followed shortly after.Buy a better one .
 The side strap on the one side was installed twisted and is impossible to adjust . On the other side , the clasp does n't rotate down to hold the straps in place . The pads are velcroed on haphazardly . Not happy with this helmet .
 This is a nice helmet but the plastic brim fell off pretty readily . It also leaves dimples in my hair in the shape of the helmet . While not a big deal , it is n't great to go into work with this hair style ; -RRB-
 So ... I opened the box that I thought contained the bike helmet I 'd use with a brand new bike I just purchased . Instead of a helmet , I found an electric dog collar complete with `` remote shocking device '' . The label said helmet , but I fail to see how this will protect me if an accident were to happen . Maybe I need to get a dog and train it to scare off the careless motorists that seem to frequent the streets around my apartment .
 I would not recommend this helmet to any one . When I opened the box the two side pieces were laying in the bottom of the box . I upgraded to a second one , and guess what , when I opened the box one of the side pieces was also laying in the box . Bad quality control .
 I bought this Schwinn Trasher last week - unfortunately , I have to return it already . As some other already noticed , the plastic side pieces are poor quality - I received the helmet with these pieces already fallen off and the glue traces visible on the helmet . But that is not my main problem with the helmet . Instead the hard shell simply is too small for my head . So be careful , other bigheads out there , this helmet is not made for you ...
 When I read some of the one-star reviews , I wrote them off as bad luck . Based on the dates I 'd say Schwinn must have had a bad run on these helmets . The plastic fell off the sides as soon as I took it out of the shipping box . The only thing keeping the top shielding on was the package label zip-tie . Wo n't order a helmet online again , will take a rare trip to a B&M ; store to find one -- and will go with another brand .
 I purchased this helmet based on reviews and when I received it , I was very happy - It looked great and fit great too . Then , within the first week , the plastic shell began warping in several places from sunlight/summer heat and separated from the Styrofoam helmet body . I live by the beach in Los Angeles.I returned the defective helmet to Amazon for a replacement and within a week of receiving the replacement , it also warped and separated from the helmet body , leaving me with the equivalent of a toddler 's Styrofoam starter helmet . I am very disappointed with the quality of this helmet and would not recommend for anyone who lives where it is hot and sunny .
 The helmet itself does not seem to be firm at all , it both looks and feels cheap . I could tell at the first time that if I wear it for a ride , my head would no longer stay . And the shipment was also terrible , when the helmet was delivered , one of the plastic part literally fell apart.Anyway it sucks .
 The helmet fits well and would do the job . But the outside decorative trim fell off as we took in out of the packaging ! I suppose it could be glued back on but all the other trim is loose and will fall off shortly as well.Disappointing ...
 Based on decent review , I just purchased this product yesterday , and received today . Hooray for the fast delivery , but man my happiness did n't last long because I found a defective helmet when I opened the box . The black plastic piece that attaches to the rear of the helmet had come off while shipping I think . Glue was poorly holing the pieces together and the styrofoam which is pretty much the helmet itself is very cheaply made . I gave a light fingernail poke and it almost made a cut itself , but left a visible nail scar . I called customer service immediately and agent offered to send a replacement overnight if I send them pictures and proof of purchase . I just sent the email back and am waiting for the replacement.I tried it on anyway to see how it fits , and it was pretty comfy with head adjust . Light too . Just wish it was n't as poorly made.The whole gluing is very visible from outside . I wonder how long this will last , but then I once again realized that most of the time YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.Will use the replacement for a while , and will update this review . But for now , 2 stars .
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 This is the very same life preserver Amazon sent me except I did n't buy the sailing harness . This life preserver is supposed to have a five year life on the arming mechanisim but the one sent to me had only four years left . I suppose it had been setting on the shelf for a while . They are non-returnable so you take your chances when you order one . I bought a total of three and the other two were okay .
 My Igloo cooler is 120 quarts , and the replacement part bracket has a different hole pattern . Because of this , I only used the new handles and the old bracket , mainly because I did not want to drill more new holes into the cooler itself . Therefore , I 'm not happy with the replacement parts , but used what I could anyway .
 I bought one of these back in Sept 2007 . The lights work OK -LRB- though they seem to drain the batteries faster than a Planet Bike Super Spot -RRB- . My problem was that a good bounce or accidental hit to the light caused the thin molded mounting fins on the light body to break off . I went thru two lights in about two weeks . It must be a design flaw . I now have two very nice hand held flash lights .
 The picture and Product Description are for The new Voyager 4.0 reChargeable , NEW FOR 2008 , Luxeon 1 watt LED . Batteries
 It seemed odd that the Amazon price -LRB- $ 44.99 -RRB- was 1/2 of Bike Nashbar 's -LRB- $ 99.95 -RRB- for this item , but I figured Amazon has some sort of bulk discount purchasing , so I ordered despite the 3-6 week wait time . A few days later an email from Amazon told me my item has had been shipped . Wow , I thought , I really got a deal on this ! However when the package arrived and I opened it up it made sense why the price was so low . Despite explicitly describing the rechargable version on the website , Amazon shipped the standard version with no recharger and disposable batteries . A lenghty conversation with an Amazon representative on the Indian subcontinent ensued . She was nice enough about the whole thing , but save yourself the trouble and order through Nashbar and get what you are looking for .
 This is a really solid light that needs a better mounting method . A lot of light output , good solid feel , and rugged . It fell off my bike and bounced 40 feet down hard pavement . Outside of some scratches , it still worked.BUT , the reason the light fell off my bike was because the mounting clamp broke . I rode over some really sharp bumps in the road and the next thing I knew , my new headlight was bouncing down the road . The light itself is on the heavy side because of the batteries and how solidly it is built . With sharp bumps , this can put a lot of stress on the mounting point . The mounting clamp provided by Blackburn was not up to the task.Now I get to find out how good Blackburn 's warranty service is.UPDATE -LRB- 3Feb09 -RRB-
 Great light for nighttime use , lasts about 4-5 hours on rechargeable 2300 mAh Duracells . The clip is garbage though . The light is very bulky due to the 4 AA batteries being housed in the body , and the clip 's swivel is not adjustable . The ridiculously small screw that held the base and clip together broke after 4 months of light usage -LRB- used the light maybe twice a week -RRB- .
 The connector broke the very first night we used it and of course the light itself hit the ground and has n't worked since . This light is very bulky -LRB- 4-AA -RRB- batteries and is n't sturdy . I have an old Blackburn that has fallen some ten times and still works fine . Was n't even worth wasting the time to return it . I bought an entirely different brand and it has worked great .
 This is a product to buy only if the weather conditions are very extremely cold . Otherwise you become completely bored .
 Was wanting a nice underarmour shirt , but this one was something I could get at Walmart . Not the quality of what I wanted .
 I ordered a men 's and got a women 's I called and they said they were out of stock on men 's . Then she said she was sorry . thank you for shopping at Amazon.com . I will NEVER Bbuy from them again !
 I ordered this and it was too big for the recipientso I sent it backcompany was very good on return and resending another shirtcathy
 The sizes for some reason run really large . Bought a large longsleeve T tops for my boyfriend and he looked like he was swimming in it . And the quality of the fabric is cheap . Will not buy online for under armour shirts ever again .
 I like the look and fit but after a few washes it got pretty rough and would cause uncomfortable rubbing on the chest . I talked to UA customer service and they mentioned that the poly blend is not the best ... it 's not the newest UA technology . I would n't recommend it at all ... go for the newer models .
 I thought this would be of good quality , as it is Gerber , but it lasted less than 3 minutes out of the package before the ` diamond ' coating just started flaking off in the first use . It may be able to sharpen one knife one time before it is completely useless . It is going back tomorrow .
 I bought one of these yesterday , used it on one knife , for less than one minute , and nearly all of the `` triple-coated '' diamond finish has come off of the sharpener . After a series of failures over the last couple of years by other products from this company -LRB- from machetes to folding knives -RRB- , this is decidedly the last time I will ever buy anything from this company again . And Gerber once had such a respectable name .
 This sharpener is decent , and it works , but Eze-Lap makes a better all-around sharpener . The main reason I 've kept this one is for the fishing hook sharpener , which works well on certain types of serrations . But , on the flat side of mine , the diamond plating is falling off in areas , and exposes ordinary steel . It has a smaller length sharpening rod than the Eze-lap -LRB- ~ 2.5 inches vs. 3.5 inches -RRB- , but when retracted into the handle it is overall longer than the Eze-Lap -LRB- ~ 5.5 inches vs. 4.5 inches -RRB- . The Eze-Lap is about twice as much money -LRB- about $ 7.52 more on amazon -RRB- , but it is well worth the investment as it is a much higher quality than this Gerber sharpener . Here is the link for the Eze-Lap model M.EZE-LAP M 1/4-Inch Round Diamond Sharpener with Brass Handle and Sheath
 ** DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ** I used this diamond knife sharpener for the first time and it does n't hold up . With in a few minutes the diamond finish scrapped off . Gerber customer service sent me to a voice mail box phone number . This is yet another cheap piece of crap made in ** Communist China ** ! Gerber 's quality control and customer service sucks!My job requires me to travel a lot , and most of the time , I do n't get my mail for several months.After I opened this package , the 30 full return to amazon.com had expired . amazon.com will now only offer a partial refund.Per amazon.com - If you return this item , you will receive a partial refund according to our Returns Policy . Shipping fees will not be refunded , and you will need to pay for return shipping . ** Gerber wont pay for shipping to return and repair their faulty product , they expect me to pay more money so I can send the unit back to them to get the same faulty piece of crap back.Per Gerber 's FAQ 's website
 This was not an impressive product . It does provide some protection for the telescope , but it is cheaply made . The case is of thin aluminum with plastic corners holding it all together . My case arrived with a cracked corner , so it would not shut properly after being opened the first time . The foam is not properly cut for the accessories , so they fit in poorly . The telescope itself will not fit in the precut slot unless you fully rotate the focus in . This requires you turn the tiny focus knob on the ` scope about 30 times to store it and another 30 times to make the telescope useable again the next time you take it out . Overall I was pretty disappointed with the case , but it does at least give me a way to move the telescope around without damage , though I was hoping for something more substantial based on the picture of the product , showing metal construction . If I could have found the rucksack Meade makes for the telescope sold outside of a kit , I would have rather had that .
 I had some interest in this initially after reading The Swing book . However , in working out with the DVD it becomes very monotonous after the second time . I have done workouts of other trainers with a range of different excercises which keeps your interest . I disagree with Traci that just swinging is enough . Her workout does n't give you a good feeling of working the abs or back muscles . Her sets feel silly like a grade schooler had fun trying out different number combinations for swinging . Just not enough substance here .
 While the content is good on this DVD , I had numerousissues with the disc itself . Initially the disc that Ireceived had no data/content . I contacted the seller andthey said there had been a batch of blank discs and theysent out another quickly . Then after roughly 10 plays ofthe disc , it has gone into non-play mode . Disc is inpristine condition cosmetically but all 3 of the playersI 've tried it on will no longer recognize the disc and theseller wo n't respond to my concerns . I guess I wo n't bebuying any offerings from this seller again .
 This really is not worth the money . It is just swinging the kettlebell and that is it . Ladders type workout with not much to it .
 This product says that it is a Brine SUPER TOSS 2 pack w / mini ball . They mention the ball being small , but forget to mention the lacrosse sticks being small . I don not see anywhere in the name that teh lacrosse sticks are mini .
 I agree with D. Rivest ! The watch is lightweight and looks nice on my small wrist BUT you CA N'T read the time . I hoped that I could adjust the brightness , but ca n't . I also thought to replace the battery in hopes to brighten the numbers . I should have sent the watch back .
 I bought this watch to use when I run . As almost all timex watches its design is very nice , light and practical , BUT on this model you CA N'T see the time unless you use the indiglo button day or night . The numbers are definitely not as bright as they appear on the screen of the computer . You have to move the watch to get direct light on it or else you do n't see anything - most likely because of the black background.I should have returned it for a different background color . I 'm not going to recommend to buy any watch with this black background color .
 This pennant looks decent online , but was disappointing and especially for the higher price and hype . Sorry I bought this .
 This seatpost loosened up after about 10-15 rides.It 's a good thing that it was cheap.Got what I paid for .
 Do n't waste your money . A pedal broke off within the first five minutes of use . Also there is no company information so you ca n't get any replacement parts .
 I am a diabetic , and knew that this portable exercise bike would be good exercise in the house . I have an exercise bike that I use in my garage , but the cold weather is the reason I recently purchased the FlyWheel . I realized immediately that the movements were jerky , causing my feet to slip from the pedals . Also , without the top straps , like on my full-sized exercise bike , I did not feel secure while pedaling.Even set at the loosest setting , I did not feel like the movements were fluid enough .
 The pedal fell off right away for me too . This is one type of purchase you 'll want to spend a little more money on . I wish I had : -LRB-
 While it is effective for arms , trying to pedal with the legs is impractical . This exerciser is too light to be used without it being braced by a table , chair , etc , to keep it from slipping when pedaling . Also , after about a week of use , one of the pedals stripped off .
 Ordered a `` medium '' for my 15 year old son and found it to be ridiculously large . I normally purchase `` large '' shirts for myself , but this was even comically big on me .
 IN THE SAME YEAR TWO SHIRTS PEDI DIFERFENTES EQUAL SIZE AND THE LAST CAME WITH OTHER FABRIC WHICH I DO NOT LIKE
 too big , not served to my husband , is very high and needed to buy a large for his long arms but stayed his shirt as a blanket to wrap . the size L is for their arms , if they want to buy a pidanla two sizes of the original .
 Good friend I am of venezuela . I write to him because I did to him a purchase of two shirts Columbias it pinches long colors white and sage . You me sending a mail saying that already they were sent but it did not give to me the number of sending . I am translating since I do not speak Englishman . I wait for his prompt response porfavor .
 BE AWARE !!!! * Note - This kit is included with the Zip , Flash , Sol Advanced Cooking System , and Sol Ti Premium Cooking System -RRB- $ 15 down the drain . In other words used for replacement ... : SALL IN ALL , Jetboil is great . !
 I bought the fry pan thinking it would attach like the 1 liter mug . It does not . With this you can use a normal fry pan so what is the point up buying a JetBoil fry pan ? So you can cook too hot and burn everything ? For a pot of water the JetBoil makes sense because it is efficient . I felt really screwed over to get the fry pan and find I needed an adapter to make it work , and that a normal fry pan would work better . All I need is the top part.So this is a good item I suppose . I give it a bad rating because I am so unhappy they did not make the frypan attach like the liter mug.If anyone plans to throw away the top part , I need one .
 The Jetboil Pot Support and Stabilizer Kit are two completely separate pieces.STABILIZER KITThis is designed to be used with the Jetboil Classic Personal Cooking System , which has since been discontinued and replaced with theJetboil Flash . The Flash , as well as all other JetBoil Cooking Systems produced since 2009 already come with the stabilizing feet -LRB- they 're orange -RRB- , making this product only useful for people with older Jetboil models.In addition to the Flash , the following systems come with the stabilizers standard : Jetboil Zip Cooking System -LRB- Black -RRB- Jetboil Sol Titanium Cooking System -LRB- Sand -RRB- Jetboil Sumo Personal Cooking System -LRB- Orange -RRB- If you do have an older Jetboil without the stabilizers , it is somewhat useful . For most camping conditions , the Jetboil is fairly stable and will not have any problem sitting upright on its own . Even when the cup is full , it is well-balanced and since you ca n't -LRB- or at least not supposed to -RRB- fill the cup up all the way , you can use the Jetboil at an angle without affecting its use too much . I have even held my Jetboil in my hand and used it with a lot of success , since it heats the water up so quickly . The one place it is useful are for extreme conditions or instances where you will be using it on very uneven terrain for a long time . But really , you can create your own stability system with 1-3 sticks and it works just as well.The stabilizer kit is somewhat nice to have , but as Jetboil realized , it is a product that should have been included with the cooking system to begin with and not sold separately . I ca n't really recommend it to anyone unless you can get it for very cheap . I rarely use mine anymore because it 's not worth the hassle of trying to get the fuel canister lined up with the grooves when it usually stands up just fine.Unfortunately , the pot support does not come with the cooking systems , and you have to buy it with the stabilizer . It is designed to fit directly over the fuel canister , allowing you to use your Jetboil with a traditional frying pan or small -LRB- under 2 quarts -RRB- pot . In order to use the pot support , it does help to have the stabilizers installed to prevent it from tipping over . But like with the stabilizers , it 's mostly unnecessary and you can make your own with sticks by stacking them up around the Jetboil like a log cabin -LRB- as if you 're building a fire -RRB- until it is about an inch higher than the flame source.Both the stabilizer kit and pot support do fit conveniently in the cup on top of the fuel canister for easy travel , and are very lightweight .
 Its not that I do not like the kit . I am furious at Amazon for recommending I buy this when it comes with the Jetboil Sol Ti . Turns out it comes with any Jetboil Flash or above . I absolutely love my Jetboil , best small camp stove I have ever had , and in fact I use it at home to boil water for tea since it is so fast . My advice is to order you Jetboil and wait on any accessory purchases to make sure that you need them .
 I was really excited about this product , but after getting it , it just did n't work well . First , it wo n't work without an infared connection to the computer , so I had to buy one . Even holding the watch within 4 inches of the infared device , it would n't communicate well with the computer . If you want to monitor your activity throughout the day , you have to wear a strap that goes around your chest , which must be kept wet . It is uncomfortable , and does n't work very well . If you are larger , the vinyl straps cut into your body . I returned it to Amazon , and they gave me full credit for the watch . The instruction book is long and tedious , and you wo n't burn many calories during the hours it takes to learn how to use the product .
 Berries , as with the majority of fruits and vegetables are TOXIC to cats . Just because berries are good for humans , does NOT mean they 're good for cats . They 're not !!! The cat 's liver is very different from human livers . If you want to kill your cat -LRB- slowly & painfully -RRB- , give them this stuff ! It 's pretty sad when cat product manufacturers would rather pander to public opinion -LRB- based on what pet product manufacturers have `` fed '' humans for years -RRB- that what is good for humans is good for our furry & furless loved ones . BTW , I had to give this review one star to get my review to take , though I actually give it zero stars !
 While the outside of this safe and its sheer girth convey a sense of security and solid construction , a close look at the inner workings reveals a pathetic , cheap , poorly constructed safe that is prone to failure and breakage.My first safe arrived broken - the combination dial and attached shaft just fell right out ! Much to their credit , CSN Stores shipped another right away . They told me to just dispose of the broken one -LRB- probably because it 's not worth the shipping costs to send back a 143 pound -LSB- shipping weight -RSB- broken safe -RRB- , so I decided to see if I could fix it.To my horror , after prying off the plastic trim on the back door a spray of plastic washers and dials spat out - spring loaded . As I suspected from looking at the shaft attached to the main dial there is just a tiny little circular snap-on washer -LRB- not sure the exact name for this part -RRB- which holds the whole thing together , and the one sent to me had obviously fallen off in shipping . The plastic dials which determine the combination are thin , flimsy , and would definitely not survive any type of high heat from a fire , and the whole assembly would not survive a drop , nor is it even remotely waterproof or sealed.In about 20 minutes I was able to re-assemble the discs and washers and figure out what the new combination was . So the broken safe works now , but I would n't trust it - and in fact I do n't trust the working one I have . The inexcusable lack of quality in both parts and construction has serious implications for anyone who owns this safe , and likely any others from Sentry : - The safe can be easily broken into by merely jumping on the handle to break through the discs or prying off the combination dial to easily access the flimsy discs inside , which as noted are held together by the tiniest thinnest snap-on washer that I 've ever seen . - The safe is not truly fire-safe - the plastic dials -LRB- and most of the innards -RRB- will melt long before a fire has an effect on the rest of the safe - The safe is not water resistant - while there is a rubber gasket/trim around the perimeter of the door , the combination dial is not sealed at all.So basically Sentry uses the cheapest most worthless unreliable parts where it counts the most , hidden where most people will never see them . Think twice before relying on this safe -LRB- or this brand -RRB- for securing valuables from theft , fire or water damage.MAJORLY disappointed . -------------------------------------------------------- Update : I was contacted by Sentry Safe , and to their credit they are very attentive to these issues and wanted to clarify some of the finer points above.The DA3410 safe is rated for 2 hours of fire at -LRB- I think 1500 -RRB- degrees . They claim that the plastic actually melts and forms a seal which helps to protect the inside from water damage . I ca n't verify or discredit this claim , but the safes are independently tested by UL to get their rating.Sentry was also quick to point out that less than one half of one percent of the safes they sell ever have reported problems . Again , ca n't verify this , but presumably the safes work for most people or else they would n't sell . They also claimed that the plastic parts are used in part because they are strong enough where needed , but also have a breaking point which if exceeded -LRB- as in the case of applying excessive force to handle -RRB- will cause the mechanism to fail-safe , meaning that the handle would just spin and fail to function.My concerns and issues with this safe still remain .1 -RRB- Durability
 After about two years of being protected in the confines of our closet from weathering the plastic locking mechanism froze inside the safe . I had to input the combination a multitude of times and literally beat the safe with a rubber hammer to get the lock mechanism to disengage , which it did after about ten to twenty minutes of `` persuasion '' . I took the mechanism apart sprayed it with silicone , placed it back together , and put a baking soda pack inside there to absorb moisture and guess what , six months later , surprise surprise , I had to do the exact same thing . That safe it not safe and DO NOT buy this . For you own sanity , stay away from Sentry.If I could put a negative star rating I would .
 The Sentry safe appears sturdy but they do not last . After several years keeping it indoors in a safe place so the elements would not harm it , it became more and more difficult to get it to respond to the code until it finally stopped . Yes all my valuables are locked in the safe ! I have the combination and it wont work!The Sentry company simply responded that after a year it is no longer under warranty so I will have to find a locksmith who will open it ! I searched the web to find help some other way only to find my complaint was not at all isolated ! Google `` cant open my Sentry safe '' and see how many hits it gets ! Well , I am filing a complaint and hope Consumer affaires will look into these costly but unreliable `` safes '' . I thought this was an investment to give me piece of mind for my valuables ! I wont buy another one of the Sentry products . A simple lock box like my parents had will do and wont cost as much .
 The safe apparently gets its fire rating by having a moist clay between the plastic inner shell and the thin metal outer shell , a couple inches all around of moist fiberous clay like material . To bolt it to the wall you have to drill through the plastic the clay and the metal outer shell.This exposes the damp clay to the inner area . Mine molded , it has stunk up my grandmothers silver folders and the documents I had inside , this is not a good design , I totally would not recomend one of these Sentry Fire safe types to anyone , I have a couple of the non firesafe types and they are fine , I am going to have to throw this one out , totaly disgusting .
 Substantial amounts of rust starts to develope within short order along with apparent mold and odors.Even desiccant fails to bring the humidity level inside this safe down to acceptable levels and the high level of humidty inside of this safe not only rusts out the inside of the safe , it also damages most everything metal that you might want to protect inside the safe.Even where the outside humidity is only 8 % . the inside of this safe ranges above 80 % . Apparenly the high humidity is caused by the clay material Sentry uses to make the safe fire resistant .
 I had my important documents in this fire proof safe but when our home was flooded by Hurricane Sandy 2012 , everything was completely waterlogged ! How could it be fire safe but not sealed against water damage ?! Even those plastic vacuum seal bags worked to keep stuff dry . Smh .
 After nine months the hinge snapped and the door just fell off . The hinge could n't even support the weight of the door .
 I bought this safe in order to protect my families valuables . It was heavy , seemed robust and strong . I read the reviews here on Amazon as well before purchasing . I am writing this review 5 weeks after our house was robbed . This safe which was bolted to our wooden floor looked like it had been run over by a cement truck . Here were the particular issues I found out afterwards that I will now warn you about . 1 -RRB- the hinges are on the outside . This is a manufacturing issue that decreases the cost of the safe . The best safes have integrated hinges where they are hidden behind the door on the inside . 2 -RRB- the metal is stamped , meaning that this is a this steel sheet bent into the appropriate shape . Good safes have steel plates that have a associated rockwell-hardness number -LRB- this number indicates the toughness of the metal -RRB- 3 -RRB- There are only 2 bolts per side and they bolt through the plastic into the body of the safe . Better safes have the bolts go through directly into the steel frame .4 -RRB- Better safes have a variety of tamper - resistant features that deter drilling or popping off the combination lock . The combination of these issues makes it pretty easy to open this safe even with primitive tools . You can use a pry bar to get into the seam between the door and the frame pry up the steel sheet and open it , or you can work on the hinges or the lock . The fire-proofing on these safes is gypsum which is common . I mention it for the fact that once this safe is opened it gets on everything as a fine powder . Burglers -LRB- like ours -RRB- will typically empty all your household cleaners -LRB- windex etc. -RRB- on the safe as they are breaking it open to decrease the amount of dust . As an aside , this process will definately ruin the finish on your floor . You may wonder how long this process takes . The police officer who visited our home estimated it took the burglers about 15 minutes from breaking into the house to leaving . These 15 minutes included the time need to open the safe -LRB- estimated by the officer to have taken about 5-10 minutes -RRB- . So , in conclusion , this safe is great if hidden away in a unaccessable location , covered , and you are being robbed by a drug addict who does n't have time to search . Any dedicated burgler should be able to open this safe in about 5 minutes . Hope my family 's story will help you chose wisely .
 They Know You will not pay Shiping to return this trash . Must be the cheapest locking combo I 've ever try to open . It 's a shame the rest of the safe is ok . Tumble turns like its got sand in it , my football locker opened easier . Would make a good boat anchor .
 I organized all of my jewelry , placed it in this safe which we had bolted down in the floor of a closet . Our home was burglarized with an active alarm turned on . The robbers forced the door off the safe and stole everything inside in a matter of minutes . I wish I had never bought this and trusted it .
 Used this safe 2 times and a metal rod broke off . Customer service claims that it 's not from the safe , even though I found it inside the safe . After six uses tha handle became so unusable that I could barely open or close the door . Customer service is rude and unhelpful , that is if they respond to you at all . No fix in sight , just my 5 month old safe being abandoned . Buy another brand with no consideration for Sentry . A really terrible example of an American company .
 Looks OK but is definitely second rate . The door is sloppy after being opened just a few times . I seriously doubt that I am really protected from fire . The handle is loose and does n't stay at full horizontal after closing . The combination dial sticks in spots . If I were n't so lazy I would return it and go for another brand !
 I just sent the safe back . When it arrived today I opened the box and found that the handle and lock assembly were smashed . The problem , as I see it , is that the box as it comes from Sentry is not meant to be shipped by UPS or other similar service . The safe weighs over 100 lbs and the box is very flimsy . Inside there are are styrofoam cushions at each corner but there is nothing between the lock and handle assembly except the thin cardboard wall of the box . The most delicate part of the whole thing is unprotected.Amazon is replacing it but who knows how well the replacement will do in its travels?I have no complaints about the way Amazon is handling the problem but I would prefer that the item arrived in one piece .
 I bought this as a place to store sensitive documents -LRB- deed , account statements -RRB- . I can not fit any of the following in this safe : - legal-size papers - accordian files - laptopsThis renders it useless . Returning .
 I purchased a slightly smaller model , the .8 cu ft , safe arrived fine . I bolted the safe to my floor , worked fine for one month . Then suddenly , for no apparent reason , the safe would n't open . The smooth sensation when turning the combination dial was replaced by a lumpy rattle . The mechanism inside had failed , with my valuables inside . The safe can not be moved , it 's bolted to the floor from the inside.The customer service is open business hours only . I work for a living , so I ca n't walk through their moves with them on the phone . They had me try 20 other combinations -LRB- ! -RRB- and now they want to walk me through some other exercise before they authorize a locksmith to come to my house and drill it open . I will then have to remove it from the floor myself , and get a replacement.The inconvenience is considerable . The customer service is the bare minimum . Their product failed , and most of the cost in time and effort to correct this is being born by me , the consumer.They are only giving me back the cash I spent on their product , and reimbursing me for the locksmith who opens it . Nothing more.Buyer beware . Cheap product , bad service .
 I bought a safe that came with no combo or keys.After jumping thru various hoops for Sentry , I found them to be perfectly useless with customer service.I returned the safe for a full refund and bought from their competitor , Honeywell.I suggest you do the same !!!
 There is a reason this safe is cheap . I 'm almost positive I could break into this safe in a couple of minutes with a regular hammer . If you just need a safe to prevent your kids from getting to your stuff than you 're probably ok . I would send it back , but i 'm too lazy . Purchase a different safe if you really want your valuables to be protected .
 The safe we bought has a very complex dialing mechanism and requires precise turning in each direction to an exact number . There is zero tolerance and it takes me several tries to open the safe.I suggest you buy a more user friendly model - perhaps with electric numbers for entry.Disappointing .
 You can get this cheaper at Home Depot . $ 189 plus if you are military you can knock off another 10 % .
 Used it only 3-4 times before the PLASTIC internal locking mechanism stripped and rendered the safe completely useless . Later prying it open with a crowbar and hammer revealed the plastic gearing to be connected to the outer handle , completely stripped by merely hand-turning . Do n't waste your money !
 This safe is making my life miserable.when i bought it about 14 months ago , i had trouble opening the safe . i eventually figured it out after a long day of frustration . fast forward to this week , and i needed to add some documents to my safe . trying to open again , i could not . i figured i must be doing something wrong , so i dug up the instruction booklet , and also double checked my combination . after meticulously following instructions again , still could not open . I invited friends over , and had each of them attempt to open the safe following the instructions and combination -LRB- on their own , so that i would n't influence the outcome -RRB- . none of them were able to do so.finally , i decided that i should call sentrysafe for some help . turns out their customer service is only available from 1-6pm EST , right in the middle of my work day -LRB- i 'm located in california -RRB- . final note
 too big , not served to my husband , is very high and needed to buy a large for his long arms but stayed his shirt as a blanket to wrap . the size L is for their arms , if they want to buy a pidanla two sizes of the original .
 Ordered a `` medium '' for my 15 year old son and found it to be ridiculously large . I normally purchase `` large '' shirts for myself , but this was even comically big on me .
 IN THE SAME YEAR TWO SHIRTS PEDI DIFERFENTES EQUAL SIZE AND THE LAST CAME WITH OTHER FABRIC WHICH I DO NOT LIKE
 Good friend I am of venezuela . I write to him because I did to him a purchase of two shirts Columbias it pinches long colors white and sage . You me sending a mail saying that already they were sent but it did not give to me the number of sending . I am translating since I do not speak Englishman . I wait for his prompt response porfavor .
 The sleeves on this fleece are very long . I have a 34 '' sleeve and a medium nearly covered my entire hands . Not practical if you want to play any sports with this fleece . I returned mine .
 Very nice and unusual looking , stands out as a statement , but large and very heavy , and no special features or alarms . I returned it .
 I 'm partial to Camelback products . I use one for my recumbent bicycle , in fact that 's what introduced me to the product . It slides into the flap in the bag on the back of my seat.So I got this hoping it would be useful.My objections are twofold :1 -RRB- The plastic bag does n't slip out of the sheath . Rather , they 're all one piece . That makes cleaning more difficult , and I just feel more `` secure '' if I can seperate them if I want ; 2 -RRB- I have a Camelback backpack which is valuable IF I want a complete backpack . But if I simply want the bag of water , I 'd love to be able to strap some shoulder straps on this and fit it onto me like a backpack . But if I want to do that , I have to get another similar Camelback , or other product.If they 'd provide the kit to make it `` into '' a backpack , it 'd get 5 stars !
 Do n't buy this !! This watch is good to read the time and date , or as a stopwatch , but forget heart rate . I bought a Mio in Feb and it failed to work properly . Sent it back for a replacement and there is no improvement . They told me since I bought from Amazon I could not get a refund , but they would replace it again . However they did not reply when I asked if the next replacement could be expected to work , and that the problem I was reporting was not a common unresolved issue . Obviously they did not have test data to show that these watches perform as specified . I usually can not get a Heart rate reading when exercising , only if not moving and not sweating . I 'd say it works 5 % of the time . Readings , when I can get one , are accurate sometimes , but often when running the watch will annoyingly beep repeatedly and give erroneous readings . What a waste .
 This watch was rated to be water resistant to 50 meters . It got moisture inside the case the first time it rained . MIO wanted $ 50 plus shipping to fix my one month old watch that I only paid $ 35 for!Save your money for another brand that is really water resistant and has customer service that actually warranties the product . Cheap disposable crap like anything from MIO is a poor value.They even want $ 12 to ship my dead watch back . I hope they choke on it .
 I bought this for my husband as a birthday gift in Feb. after his heart surgery . I 's now Nov and he has used the watch for the gym and nothing else , so less than a year with no mistreatment.It stopped working when he tried to change the time . I took it to the jewellers and had a new battery put in but it 's still not workingIt will cost me 12.50 to mail it back to them then any repairs plus the shipping back to me.I did pay about 69.00 for it at Canadian Tire but so far have not found the receipt.After reading the other comments on this product I have decided to forget it and no send it back for repair . I will buy another brand name watch and hopefully have better luck with it.I feel pretty ripped off and wish I had read these reviews before buying .
 In Dec. . I purchased a MIO Heart Rate watch . I wore it for working out only . The watch was never submerged in water . About five months later the watch quit working and moisture had gotten into it.I called MIO since it was well within the warranty . I sent the watch to them and paid $ 7.00 for shipping . They sent me a REPAIR BILL for over $ 56.00 !! -LRB- I paid $ 45.00 for the watch -RRB- . I will never again purchase one of their products . They sell JUNK and do not honer their `` warranty '' . What a lousy company.Save your money and buy a DECENT brand.ps . I only gave it one star because I had to rate it to post .
 I had a heart rate watch a long time ago that did not work well . I thought they may have improved over the years , but I was so wrong . I would say if all you do is sit on the sofa and move very little then this watch will work for you . If on the other hand you want to work out then save you money on this watch . When biking I ca n't get a reading at all . When I bike on a stationary bike I get readings of 196 to 205 bpm and never changes . Even after am done and have cooled down it still is around 196 bpm . I was 2 days pass the 30 days to return to Amazon so they would not take it back . I called Mio and got a message that it would be faster to hang up and they would call back with in 5 days , what a joke . I called again and the same thing , they have a good thing going there and saving a lot of money from not replacing the junk they sell . Very , very upset with this watch and the non service they give . . none ! Buy this watch at your own risk or if you have money to throw away . I gave it a 1 star only becouse there was no zero to put in . JUNK JUNK JUNK !!!!!!!
 I purchased a mio watch a couple of years ago . When the first battery went out I took it to a jewelry store in the mall to get battery changed . Watch was never the same . Jewelry store during battery change stated the board had a malfunction with it . Contacted Amazon replacement was received . Guess what same problem with different jewelry store when the battery required replacing . This tells me the problem is with the Mio not who is replacing the battery . I loved the Mio while it was working . However the same problem that arose with two different Mio watches has left a nasty taste in my mouth . I will not purchase another Mio again .
 In May 2005 , I purchased this alleged `` heart rate watch '' on the basis of some internet research and a swimmer 's website which recommended it , since I was going to use it while swimming laps in the nearby 24-Hour Fitness pool . At first it worked fine , as well it should of , as moisture was supposed to improve the electrical conductivity of the skin through which the pulse is monitored . Although , even during this initial period , the readings would sometimes be off by a magnitude of 100 % , i.e. the pulse reading was DOUBLED . However , within a 60-90 period after begining use , the `` watch '' started to fail to take any pulse readings whatsoever . I called Mio and their `` customer service '' was of NO HELP WHATSOEVER , just repeating the instructions in the small pamphlet which came with the `` watch '' . In fairness , I should mention that it did continue to take pulse readings -LRB- ironically for a swimmer 's watch -RRB- in a completely dry environment . I shrugged off the problem and continued to wear the watch for timing my laps , although `` wet '' pulse readings were no longer possible -LRB- I could have bought a cheapy watch for timing laps at half the price for that purpose ! -RRB- . At any rate , more time passes and the `` watch '' now balks at changing from the time mode to the `` chrono '' function ; pressing the buttons resulted in NOTHING HAPPENING . Or , if it did change mode , at the end of the laps , it would n't stop and give me a reading of the elapsed time . This eventually occurred even in a completely dry environment . When this started happening , I did n't even bother calling the Mio `` customer service '' and simply mailed the `` watch '' back to them on June 1 , 2006 for repair , replacement or disposal . The so-called `` guarantee '' had lapsed on May 13 , 2006 , the anniversary of the purchase and apparently Mio adheres to the letter of that guarantee , since they have not responded by June 28 , 2006 -LRB- four weeks -RRB- in any way , muchless repaired/replaced/returned my `` watch '' . I might as well have simply flushed my $ 60 down the toilet . Hopefully this disparaging review will prevent those of you out there considering a purchase of any Mio `` watch '' from making the same mistake . I am now happily using a $ 20 Timex waterproof sports watch which , while it does n't take my pulse rate , at least delivers accurate lap timing . IF YOU VALUE YOUR MONEY , NEVER , EVER BUY A MIO WATCH !!!! MIO SELLS DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS AND NATURALLY ENOUGH MAKES NO EFFORT TO STAND BEHIND THEM WHEN THEY CEASE TO FUNCTION .
 Expecting the basics + a heart rate monitor ? Forget it . This is a stripped down watch with an extra , occasionally useful gadget .
 I 've enjoyed my MIO Wave but it often would not give me a heart rate while I was moving . Now a common static shock has ruined the watch . It is a problem that needs to be addressed . Difficult at best , since heart rate monitor measures small electrical impulses directly .
 I have had several Mio watches since they first came out . Initially I loved them , but they broke twice and the company replaced them free . Recently I purchased a fancier version -LRB- Motiva -RRB- and it basically did n't work for pulse rate , although the watch functions worked . The online store replaced it with another which arrived today , and guess what ? It took my pulse , incorrectly a couple of times , and then correctly once , and now does n't take my pulse at all . An earlier poster mentioned that the pulse function stopped working correctly after a battery change -LRB- on two different watches -RRB- , and that there might be a bug on Mio 's software . Quite possibly , but regardless I think there is a major quality control issue with this company . I am going to return the item and forget about Mio 's for a while . They were so great at the beginning , I 'd consider again in the future , but there 's something going on with them right now that is n't good . It 's a real shame , as they have a great concept and potential product -- they just need to make them work reliably . Regretably , I must recommend to readers of this post to also stay away for now .
 The bearings on this allow the rod to rotate and overall it looks well designed.HOWEVER ! -LRB- pardon the capital letters -RRB- This DOES NOT fit in the barrel of a Ruger 10/22
 This sweatshirt is silkscreened and over priced for the quality . After two washes the logo is beginning to peel off .
 Ordered a `` medium '' for my 15 year old son and found it to be ridiculously large . I normally purchase `` large '' shirts for myself , but this was even comically big on me .
 IN THE SAME YEAR TWO SHIRTS PEDI DIFERFENTES EQUAL SIZE AND THE LAST CAME WITH OTHER FABRIC WHICH I DO NOT LIKE
 Good friend I am of venezuela . I write to him because I did to him a purchase of two shirts Columbias it pinches long colors white and sage . You me sending a mail saying that already they were sent but it did not give to me the number of sending . I am translating since I do not speak Englishman . I wait for his prompt response porfavor .
 too big , not served to my husband , is very high and needed to buy a large for his long arms but stayed his shirt as a blanket to wrap . the size L is for their arms , if they want to buy a pidanla two sizes of the original .
 This is another fly by night workout machine that looks great in the pictures and on videos but when you take it out of the box , you realize that it is poorly and cheaply constructed . I own a ton of excerise equipment and this is the only piece of equipment I have had to return ... I have purchased so much on the internet this past year and have been very happy with all of my products . That is until I purchased this Ab-Doer which was a TOTAL waste of time and money.The tension on the arms of the unit is way too flimsy and loose ... The foam around the arms is also very cheap foam in fact my daughter used it `` once '' and there was already a small chunk of foam that came off the unit ... She does not even have long nails ... The bars that connect the seat to the bottom of the unit stay in place ok when your on it , but they do not lock in the base when your not on it so if you pick-up the unit to move it , it collapses ... What 's really bad is the so called back massager that is located on the main area of the center stem . It does nothing but hurt your back and is worthless ... Even adjusting the bar for different heights is a joke ... It 's a screw , not a quick disconnect ... This is one of those products that make a ton of money by mass advertising but will quickly fad out fast unless there are MAJOR changes done to this unit ... It 's sad when you watch some of those excercise info-mercials that have all these people with great bodies that may be fooling you into believing that the products really work ... I could n't find any reviews on these until now ... I will never again buy a product without reading reviews from the customer themselves . We are the best source of honesty on the market ... Save your money or just do some sit-ups and leg raises if you can ... They work SOOOOO MUCH BETTER than this product !!! If you do some searching , you will see some of the BAD reviews about this product that are coming in ... Based on Amazon 's review rules , I can not list where I read them from ... Have a Great day everyone !!!
 This machine is worthless ... It is very UNCOMFORTABLE and you can sit there and do 30mins with their tape and you do n't feel anything . The back massager is a REAL PAIN and it hurts so much .
 I am not very happy at all with the arm bar . No matter how much you want the arm bar tightened for comfort , it starts to loosen . I should not have bought it . What a mistake !!!!!!!!!!!
 The gloves are comfortable and turn swimming into a bigger workout . There are two things that would improve these gloves . 1 . Exposed so I could fix my mask or snorkle etc. . This way I have to remove the gloves to do that and these gloves are not easy to put on or off . 2 . Make them out of a UV material . I have the black and I think they must absorb the sunlight because my hands are a very dark tan . I apply sunscreen now .
 I was not happy with this product , it was too thin and long for a 3-5 year old child . It had no cushion what so ever , but the material and fabric were alright but it gave no cushion or thickness , and when you ordered it , it did n't show that either
 I bought 5 shirts and ordered all XL size . Two looked about the size of medium and the other three were the size of large -LRB- none fit -RRB- and yet all 5 had the XL tag in the back . I ordered 5 more shirts from another manufacturer and the xl sizes fit perfectly . Buyer beware of the sizes when you order , they are not common sizes and you will have to pay shipping costs to return them .
 I am totally agreeing with another poster about the size problem . I ordered a XL and it is more like a Medium . Very unhappy . Do n't go by the sizing chart , it does n't hold true . I doubt I will order a Reebok item again . A customer should n't have to pay shipping an item back that is not as descibed ...
 I ordered 2 XL Tshirts , one black and one gray . I got 1 gray and 1 pink , both said XL on them , but one was 2 sizes smaller .
 First , the pump , hoses and inflation nozzle are extremely cheap . The hose split at both ends and had to be taped . The inflation nozzle finally split completely -LRB- luckily I had the one from my old ball that was damaged while moving and made do -RRB- , as well as the inflation nozzle does not seat well in the inflation port on the ball.Lastly and worst of all . . after using this ball about 10 times , the entire valve port came out of the ball . Unfixable.The ball was good while it lasted but the crafting on this one apparently sucked .
 First , the pump , hoses and inflation nozzle are extremely cheap . The hose split at both ends and had to be taped . The inflation nozzle finally split completely -LRB- luckily I had the one from my old ball that was damaged while moving and made do -RRB- , as well as the inflation nozzle does not seat well in the inflation port on the ball.Lastly and worst of all . . after using this ball about 10 times , the entire valve port came out of the ball . Unfixable.The ball was good while it lasted but the crafting on this one apparently sucked .
 Holy smokes do these suck . After three days use they have bent from my thumb holding the backside . Please do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy these , if they are given to you use them for fire wood .
 Seemed to be a good buy but after a week of play one of the paddles haddle has broken and the other on is about to break . Not very strong construction .
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 the padding on the shoulder is not as thick as it looks in the picture , and really isnt padding at all . first time i wore it i broke my shoulder and was out for 6 weeks . also the `` padding '' makes thie shirt itch like crazy . it was deffinately a waste of my money .
 Make sure to look at the description after adding to cart . I select the Medium/Orange and it turn to Youth Medium/Orange .
 I have bought Stoney Point Products for years . Well need less to say three years ago they were bought out by Bushnell . They are not the products they once were . Bushnell left most of the product line alone and just kept producing the products . However they did change one thing and in my mind it is the most important part . They changed the take up washer from rubber -LRB- soft -RRB- to plastic -LRB- hard -RRB- . Now anyone who know what a take up washer is , they know it takes up the slack in an area of attachment . I.E - Pivot system to sling swivel stud . However the rubber in the previous models was a nice soft rubber . It is now plastic . The story in short is that that plastic ring wore a circular groove into the stock of my grandfathers gun he gave to me . It is the only thing I have to remember him by . The gun was mint condition and it still is , except for that ring . Now I guess it 's partially my fault for not knowing it was going to leave a mark . But I guess it was my trust in a company that blinded me . I guess the world is changing and I am not . I remember when a deer hunter would help you drag out your kill , now they throw you dirty looks when you get one and they do n't . The sport is loosing it 's comradery and many other things as well .
 Overall not very pleased ... white letters are fading after only a couple of months .
 I have been an owner of the Energizer Trailfinder 6 LED light for 4 years and I love it . Now I needed a second headlamp , and my choice was to by another Energizer LED lamp . I could not find the 6 LED lamp anymore , so I went for the 3 LED headlamp instead . At least it was an Energizer , so it must be good . Bummer ! This light was a big disappointment . I remember before I bought my first headlamp , I read a lot of reviews where people complained about the push button to turn the light on was hard to operate . Many reviewers wanted Energizer to make a lamp with a slide switch instead . Well , I guess Energizer listened to the people and created this head lamp instead . The slide switch is really easy to turn on , too easy . Do n't be surprised when you bring out this 3 LED headlamp when it 's dark and you really need it , just to find that the lamp has been on all the time and you are out of batteries . When you put the lamp down in your backpack or pocket , it is way to easy to switch it on by accident.Now to the light . There are two different lights to chose from , red or white.The red light is great if you are out camping and do n't want to wake up your camping friends . Also you do n't loose your night vision with the red light.Energizer have cut down the size of the lamp and put the whithe LEDs more close together . They still call it flood light , even though the beam is more narrow and creates a sort of yellowish spot in the middle.As a work light when you have the object close to you , the the lamp works well . As a headlamp for the trail out in the woods the light is not good enough.I would not recommend this 3 LED headlamp . If you can get the Energizer 6 LED , buy it !
 This is one of the worst headlamps I 've used . I bought this for my unit 's field exercise so I could go on fire watch and bivouac at night without having to worry about carrying a normal flashlight , but when I took it out of my ruck I found that it had burned through two lithium batteries because the extremely sensitive on/off switch had been flipped without my knowledge . The white LED 's are standard and nothing special but the red LED barely illuminated the are in front of my feet.This headlamp was extremely disappointing , especially from a brand such as Energizer and I urge you to spend your money on something much more reliable and long-lasting .
 We bought two of these and both have failed within a year . The on/off/on slider switch fails . Very cheap switch.We had two of the Ray O Vac ones and the end cap holding the batteries failed on both of those . So I 'm shopping for led headlamps for a third time .
 The `` Technical Details '' section states in two places that the LED Headbeam uses AA batteries . It does not . Only the `` Product Description '' text is correct when it identifies the battery type as AAA.ANTOnline not only refunded me their shipping costs , they also sent me a prepaid shipping label to cover my cost to return the product after I pointed out the errors in the ad . I have since shopped happily with ANTOnline and will do so again , because I 'm confident that they 'll do the right thing by their customers .
 Ok , it 's a handy little light that is very easy to use . The switch goes right for white , and left for red . It works fine in a very dark room or when doing close up work , like the inside of a computer case , or tying up fishing lines . However , it 's not even close to 30 lumens - more like 10 - so do n't buy this thinking it 's going to light your way to paradise . It 's not even very good for any outdoor uses beyond arm 's reach.There are better options out there for the price . The Energizer 7 LED headlamp is far superior to this one , for only a couple of dollars more . The Energizer 7 does throw 30-50 lumens , and has more switching options , and is much sturdier . Go for that one instead of this one .
 The new formula may help with recovery , but it 's taste is terrible at best . Nothing like the previous formula . I purchased 4.5 lb contaniner thinking it was the previous formula . I wo n't buy this product again unless they change the formula back .
 These are basically sunglasses lined with foam , which makes them very large and akward on your face .
 Bruce Irons tends to be a rather private person with an open disdain for interviews and `` stupid questions . '' In spite of this , we are subjected to , `` Where were you born , '' and `` Are you a vegetarian ? `` The film tries to get around his need for privacy by shooting 80 % of their footage showing him getting barreled and nothing else . Maybe 5 % of the film consists of interviews with people who really know Irons like friends and family.What 's left is a bizarre and brief Q&A ; with him in his truck with the interviewer and camera man as passengers.Perhaps the goal of the film was to expand on Bruce 's ability to remain enigmatic and keep us guessing . Is he a party animal who 's cocky enough to leave his WCT requalifications up to Pipe every year , or is he a quiet person confused about his career and baffled by the admiration of fans ? This movie wont tell you.Unlike Blue Horizon , where we 're given candid face to face interviews and allowed to observe the guys interacting with people in their lives , The Bruce Movie fails to capture anything that Irons stands for , believes in , or is passionate about . Where 's the man whose face lights up at the mere mention of ... golf?Omitted from the film for unknown reasons is the annual contest that he sponsors with his brother , Andy , in an effort to give something back to his community . Also left out is his not-so-private struggle with anxiety , mentioned in articles , along with his early years where he seriously debated his career choice.I found the footage of his surfing ability to also be limited - almost no aerials -LRB- he 's considered one of the best ! -RRB- and only light ripping . The real film is a little gem of footage , available on You Tube , made by Run Man and included as an extra feature . That 's the Bruce we know and want to see more of . The music on that reel more closely matches his musical tastes as well.Buy this dirt cheap and definately add it to your surfing DVD collection . Hopefully there will be a more insightful follow up to this grainy and vague attempt to capture one of the most respected and fearless surfers in history .
 Well . . the other reviews do n't lie . Not the best set , you really get what you pay for . The chips seem to be hit or miss . I did n't even have to open all the rows , one of the rows was partly open from shipping . Just looking at the packaged stacks and few loose chips is all I really needed . They are very hit or miss , mostly miss . I 'm not sure why , but they all have this odd gray'ish hue to them , even the white ones . It is hard to describe , they feel like they need to be washed and sanded . I tried rinsing the loose ones I had off , but it did n't seem to do anything . If you 've played with higher quality sets , you will probably be able to tell the difference.It may catch your eye with its low price , but after consideration , the manufacturing standards presented in this set are simply too low to overcome and I 've decided to return.I left it with 2 stars because if you are not picky and price is all the matters , then they may work for you . But do n't say you were n't warned .
 Chips are good quality , packaging and case are sub par . Will use the chips will probably toss the case and look for another or build my own.Update - unpacked the chips - they are not the best - off color and some have burrs - the white is not very white - seems to be more of a tan - if you are just looking for some cheap chips with a crappy case - this is it !
 The box -LRB- suit case -RRB- was short 1 red chip ... . that 's incredibly annoying The inside of the case is also built really crappy . The particle board -LRB- it was n't wood -RRB- that creates different pockets for the different colored chips was stapled together , except half of the staples missed the mark , and a good portion of the inner slates were too short so there 's viable gaps . Long story short , I got annoyingly giped 1 red chip and it 's assembled poorly
 The chips and the box are both nice , however the cards are very cheap , and there were no dealer chip . no big blind no small blind chips .
 I was very unhappy with this purchase , and if I did n't have a poker tournament a few days after the product arrived , I would have returned it.Pros -- The price is very low , the chips have a good weight to them , the two different colored card decks are nice , the BB SB and Dealer buttons are of good quality , the case is lockable.Cons -- When the case arrived it had many dents in it , I was missing 3 white chips , the color on the chips are faded , a lot of the chips have little burs sticking off of them , the chips are n't the same width I was able to make a stack 9 thicker chips -LRB- with burs -RRB- almost as tall as a stack of 10 chips.I guess I got what I paid for . The biggest disappointment was the missing white chips . I do n't think I will be buying from this manufacturer again .
 I bought this for my father about a year ago and I was planning to give him as a birthday present , but because it is so heavy I decided to not take it overseas . Now , he came to visit us and I finally gave him the present . For our surprise , when we opened the case , everything was a mess . Chips were broken , the dealer and blind chips were missing . All the dividers were broken . Very disappointing ! Almost a year has passed , so we can not return or anything . Next time , I will be sure to check everything when I get it , so we do n't be desappointed like this time !!
 I recieved the item 2 days after the estimated delivery date with a broken case , they said that it has a Heavy duty case , NOT , case is very flimsy like cardboard.Chips were all dusty that I have to wash it and dry.I do not reccomend anyone getting this item .
 `` Really '' That is the worst packing job I 've seen the case is broken and chips and dice are missing . Hope you make this good . . What a hassle ... !
 From the price and picture this product seems like a good buy ... stop there ! Not only was the case and the felt insert broken and poorly made -LRB- cardboard -RRB- , but the chips are terribly made . The printing on the chips is off and messy . I have one white chip that has red markings all over it that will not wash off . The paint on the chips is sloppy and does not look good.For the seller I could not find a way to contact you but I am requesting a better case and , at least , a replacement white chip for the one that is tainted with red . I am very upset with the comparison of the quality you say this set is and its actual quality . Please respond to me a litrenta94@aol.com when you decide to send me the requested items.I gave this item 2 stars simply because of the extremely fast shipping and delivery time : -RRB-
 This set of chips looks nice online , but not quite as nice in real life . The box it cam in was huge , too big for the case of chips , I 'm not sure if that 's what led to the case breaking by the time I got it , or if it was just shipped broken . It came with 2 decks of cards and all of the chips mentioned when ordering it , but the wooden interior of the case is too large for all the chips , and slightly broken because the metal outer case is broken . The metal clasps on the outside of the case do n't quite fit together correctly , also because it was broken when I got it . I WOULD GIVE THIS PRODUCT A 0 , MAYBE A 1 , BUT I FORCED MYSELF TO PUSH IT UP TO A 2 ; SOLELY BECAUSE I REALLY ONLY NEEDED THE CHIPS , AND IT HAS ALL OF THEM AND CAME IN JUST A FEW DAYS !
 Horrible product . Some of the worst workmanship I 've ever seen . - Case was bent on one edge and the lid barely fits anymore -LRB- locking is an issue depending on the way you close it -RRB- - The metal is far too thin -LRB- see above -RRB- and I 'm afraid to hold it by it 's handle for fear of it breaking in half . - One of the metal corner-pieces was already fallen off by the time it got to my door . - The tray is held together by some sort of staples ... the divider between the cards and button-holder was already broken , again , by the time it got to my door -LRB- Hell ... ALL of these problems happened by the time it got to my door -RRB- + At the very least , the quality of the chips and amount you get of them makes it somewhat okay . That said , I would n't have bought it if I knew the case would be of such poor quality ... should have listened to the other reviewers.I would NOT reccomend you buy this if your looking for a poker set - get something a bit higher quality .
 When I received this poker chip set , I was shocked to see how bad the case was . Once the case was opened ; it took me a good 5 minutes to close it back . The lid was very unstable ; and would not close properly . The case is very cheap . If you are buying this ; for sure you will be looking for a new case after a few use .
 Chips quality is rather low - the colors are not as bright as expected , all chips are somewhat greyish . The chips only come in 4 colors , while normally 5 colors are expected . The aluminum case is very cheap - only its frame seems made of aluminum , but the outer sufrace feels more like thin plastic and came cracked in multiple places .
 This product looks great in the picture , but the weight of the contents is way to much for the flimsy case . It is a combination of aluminum and plastic . The one I ordered showed up with parts of the aluminum buckled from the flexing of the case under the weight and parts of the plastic were cracked , I assume also due to the weight . The contents are very nice and I was very dissapointed to have to return it as it was a gift .
 This Product was not what I was expecting at all . The carrying case is falling apart , and you can tell that it was made very cheaply ! Not worth the price ! I have seen cheaper sets with much better quality than this one . I am very disappointed !!!
 The case was cracked when I received it and it was a gift for somebody . Other stuff is fine but was just not happy with the case
 Opened the package as soon as it was delivered , all the colors were really faded . Looked like these chips were 15 years old not brand new . I was willing to live with the colors being faded but as I started playing poker the same night I found at least 10 chips that had chips out of them where I could see the bare metal . Almost every single one had scratches and just in general poorly made . A stack of 10 chips does n't even stack evenly . To say the least this was the worst purchase I 've ever made on amazon , very disappointed !! The only reason it gets 2 stars is the price
 The outside latch was broken , making it necessary to pry the case open . The interior was also broken . One of the dividers is not attached . Poor quality . This was a gift to me from my child for family fun nights where we could &#34; pretend casino , &#34; and he was very sad that the present he had put such thought into purchasing arrived broken .
 We just got this item in the mail and are very disappointed . Its missing a whole row of chips , and one of the latches on the case is broken !
 I read the reviews and decided to take a chance ; I wish I had n't . The outside of the case had several dents and one of the feet was cracked . The case was n't able to stay open ; it kept closing on us . The felt lining had 2 one inch tears and several smaller tears . We did n't take the chips out of their sleeves but saw that one of the chips on an end was dimpled and the coating/paint was chipped.I would be embarrassed to have people over and play with these chips .
 I thought 3.5 stars were n't bad , given how many reviews there were . I was dead wrong . The set I received was poorly packaged -LRB- by AMAZON ! -RRB- and one of the feet was assembled off-center . Worst part , the chips inside were not close to what was pictured on Amazon . Yes , you get white , red , green and black ; however the white portions of ALL chips were a drab , grayish color . I have a travel set on-hand to compare with , and the whites were night and day . The dice imprint was off the mark in many cases , and the chips themselves appeared to be of poor quality . You will be very disappointed if you order these . I immediately re-boxed and returned .
 These poker chips are what they say they are
 The chips are not all that good . There are few which do n't have smooth surfaces . They have some edges that you can see for products that are not very well finished.Also , the case was broken when it arrived . Most of the partitions had all come off . It might have been because of mishandling while shipping , bu the packaging was definitely not good either .
 The chips are just ok . If you do n't know what you are looking for in a poker chip you probably will not notice the uneven cut or feel to these chips . The case came dented and some of the rivets were bending , with the case cracking around them . This case was advertised to `` last a lifetime '' - yeah right !
 I ordered this poker set and the trim pieces on the case were dented or fell off . I sent it back and Amazon sent me a replacement . The replacement arrived in even worse condition . This time the case had a hole in the corner so big you can see the chips . Hey Amazon , try bubble wrapping this item before putting it in the box . A little crumpled paper does n't protect it . I 'm sending this back and getting a refund .
 i give this product one star because it ` s the minimum , terrible product , the chips where dirt , the briefcase was broken , becaus it ` s not aluminium it 's like corrugated cardboard with some paint . the briefcase came with the dice space not the blinds space . Do n`t buy this product , it ` s a waste of money
 after reading some good reviews on this set I was surprised to get a product with so many flaws :1 . Aluminum case came with a dented frame2 . Interior of case looks very cheap3 . The chips barely fit in their niches , dealer and blind buttons do n't fit into their niches4 . overall it feels as if the case was n't made for these chips5 . black chips stack a bit higher then rest of the chips -LRB- starting to be noticable at 10 chips in a stack -RRB- i called amazon and they sent me a replacement set which was even in worse condition than the first one in all respectsended up returning both sets to amazon for full refunddid n't even open the cards so i do n't know what their condition wasbesides the issue with the black chips , the chips themselves are okay , but i would n't say they were high quality
 The chips are decent , but the set only had 499 chips , not 500 . It 's short one of the white ones . Now my only option appears to be return the whole -LRB- really heavy -RRB- thing , or just put up with the shortage . Weak quality control on this product.Received replacement . It 's also a chip short , and the case was damaged in shipment . My bad for not hanging on to the original until the replacement arrived . I could have had a full set with undamaged case . I returned this one too , for a refund . -LRB- Sure glad I bought that Prime membership ! -RRB- Saw identical chips at the nearest Target store , which is 40 miles away , last night . They 're similarly low priced . I 'm going to buy there instead just so that Amazon does n't have to eat any more returns and I can do an on-the-spot quality check.Amazon was great about the returns .
 Do not buy this set . The price looks good , but you get what you pay for . Mine arrived and looked good at first , but it became clear that the case is absolute junk . There was a hole in it , I assume from where a screw was supposed to be . Although it looks like metal , it 's actually cardboard , inside and out ! The painting on the chips is inconsistent , and the whole kit smells like cigarette smoke . If I was n't hosting a big tournament this week I would have returned it . Absolute garbage .
 this product is poor quality the paint is sloppy and the chip weight is wrong I 'm keeping them because I do n't have time to get more very displease with this product
 I bought this because other reviews recommended it , DO N'T LISTEN TO THEM !!! THIS PRODUCT IS CHEAPLY MADE . I bought this because some reviews said it was decent , but they were wrong . The hatchet is a piece of crap -LRB- could barely cut through cardboard -RRB- and after using the shovel a few times the pin that holds all of the tool heads on the handle becomes loose and makes the entire tool useless . DO NOT BUY !!!! the only useful part of this thing is the compass . Save your money and buy a nice hatchet , a foldable shovel from an army surplus store , and a compass from anywhere . You 'll end up with way better quality and the same stuff .
 This product is junk . The shovel is the size of a large spoon and the ax has a flat head on it . Could n't be sharpened if you had a grinder . Total set fits in the palm of your hand.Save your money and buy something usable .
 This thing is a joke . I can reach from thumb to pinky shovel end to tip of handel . There is not a sharp part on the kit . I think the reason they named it a survival kit , is that if you put it in the crib with a baby to play with , the baby would survive . But that is about it .
 This just a toy grade cheaply made piece of junk . No edges aresharp enough to chop or dig with . It is one step above a sticklaying on the ground . Also has a weak lynch pin that would break , if the tool was put to work . At best it is a cheap toy for littlekids , very very small , and all dulled edges .
 I was not expecting much but received even less . I just wanted a tool for some motorcycle camping . But , a two cent saving on a part makes this less useful . The box cover show a metal pin with a recessed spring/ball that is used to hold the various heads to the handle . It came with a bolt held in place by a carter pin rather than the pictured arrangement . Yes , it works but the carter pin will break or be lost . I know some cold and raining night that I will be changing the head on the tool and drop the carter pin .
 so i bought this for my bug out bagPros : lightweightsmall and compactshovel is strongpick is good for clearing ice and as a tent stakeCons : the handle is a hollow steel tube very thinthe ax part need sharpinging and is covered with paint , a big no nohammer is useless bc there is zero weight behind itSaw is not sharp and covered with paintpaint has a plasticy feel to it and most likely going to be pain to be removethe pouch it comes with will most likely going to break not a very good material -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Someone bought me this for a present and i wish they didnt waste their money . Nothing in this package will actually work either too dull or not strong enough either way dont buy it
 This shovel is FAR too small to be of use by anyone other than a child . The saw and pick parts are so cheaply made , they bend during use , The hatchet is more dull than the tip of my finger . A total waste of money ... If you hike , camp etc. . . Do not bother with this one , you will be sorry
 Got this to keep in my Jeep as a just in case tool . Got what I paid for , a cheap aweful tool that would n't do anything more than plant bulbs in your garden ; maybe -LRB- and I stress maybe -RRB- saw through a stick of butter ; and crack an ice cube ... . If your looking for something worthwhile avoid this . Spend the extra cash and dont waste your time ...
 So after reading some bad reviews , I thought I would take my chances and buy this multi-tool . I took it backpacking and decided to try out the attachment for hitting in stakes . After hitting just two stakes , the attachment broke and I could not remove it since the threading was stripped -LRB- a design flaw that will happen on every device -RRB- . What a waste of money and expectations . I would ship it back and get a refund , but the cost and time make that an even greater waste . What a let down ...
 I received this item and once opened I could do nothing but laugh . This is a mere kids toy with no practical use . Not one piece had an edge to it do be useful . I ran my finger down every surface without the slightest hint of a paper cut . I hope you are ready to break out a file and spend hours putting an edge to the saw and a few more on a honing stone for the axe , pick , and shovel . I guess a useful all in one design was too good to be true . I hope this helps anyone else even slightly thinking about this product .
 this product arrived semi promptly . i have no complaints about the seller . however , the product leaves much to be desired . i would rather have burned my 20 dollars . this thing is horrific . it is cheaply and shoddily made , the instructions on the box are not comprehensive to say the least , and the product in the box does no match the instructions on the box . the shovel is small , the axe head is more dull than my property law professor , and axe was BENT and the `` pick axe '' is nothing but a piece of metal shaped to a rounded point . it is difficult to change the tool heads . this thing is awful . absolutely avoid at all costs . If you buy this , you are basically throwing your money away .
 Disappointed with the quality and size of this product.Shovel is small . Edges are thick and dull.I should have spent more time reading spec 's instead of looking at the pictures .
 just got it and unboxed it . none of the parts fit correctly , and the metal pin is just there to make sure the parts dont go flying . the shovel flops around , the axe and saw tool are warped to where i cant even get the pin in , and the pick axe is in the same condition as the shovel . the axe isnt sharpened at all , the saw might as well go to a childs toy , and the pin doesnt have one of those metal snap balls , its got some kind of metal paper clip thing to keep it in place . buy one of these at a camping store so you know what youre looking at .
 My first impression of the shovel was that it was in deed a shovel but its more like a garden tool I was very disappointed .
 When I say small , I mean like five inches long small . This is not a big shovel at all . Sure , its got the gadgets , but it ai n't got the size .
 Everything was ok except the measurement . Way too big for my head , definitely not a 71/4 like I ordered .
 i purchased this had for my husband and when it arrived it did not fit . it is oversized .
 The flashlight does not turn on . It was dead on arrival . I am going to return it as soon as possible .
 The ball Must be from an old inventory . The air leaksout after a couple hours so keep your pump near by .
 I purchased this ball to help work on my daughter 's shot . Got it and she loved it . But I was not thrilled with the way it felt when I inflated the ball . It had little bumps in the ball as though the bladder -LRB- or whatever you call it -RRB- was not right . Or maybe it was the outer skin . Needless to say , the ball bounced into a string a mini Christmas lights and one of the lights went right into the ball . The light was not even broken , but the ball now has a hole in it and I have one very unhappy basketball player .
 Hmm , I thought this would be the ticket for my SIG IWB carry . I was wrong . RE-holstering ? Fuhgetaboutit . Mine has no reinforcement around the opening so it collapses when the weapon is drawn . The molding is OK , just rather generic . I do not foresee any retention issues due to the molding . Of course that could be due to the fact that it rides low -LRB- a good thing generally -RRB- . Now my biggest issue is that `` patented J hook '' . Like the gun to remain at a consistent cant ? Fuhgetaboutit . And yes kids , I am using a gun belt , in fact I use the Galco conforming . In a word , ah words , that little plastic hook 's width just does not anchor the holster at a fixed cant .
 I loved these when I first got them . You can pull your fenders into the boat so easily , without having to untie the line - just pull the clip up.However , over time I guess they loosened up and while the boat sways in the dock and rubs the side , the fenders can get pushed up creating slack in the line , then the fender clips just fall off and the fender falls and floats away . It happens when we take the boat out of the slip sometimes but we can just grab them back , when we are not there however we just loose the fender : -LRB-
 I bought a pair of Revo sunglasses from Lenscrafters , on 10/31/2007 . The left lens fell out many times and was replaced by Lenscrafters several times . i suspect that because of the design , that the frames had too little rigidity , offering less support to the lens than needed.The real problem and one that could not be resolved were two cracks in the innner layer of the lens -LRB- you can see the cracks , they are annoying , yet ca n't be felt-requiring that the lens be replaced.Lenscrafters referred me to Revo , who also owns Oakley , Ray Ban , and other brands , under the Luxoticca Umbrella.I sent the glasses back to Revo for their opinion , and was told that I was out of warranty , and that they would do nothing for me , except to offer a credit of $ 40.00 toward a new pair of glasses . I told the Customer Service rep that I had paid $ 275.99 for the original pair and that $ 40.00 was not going to help me too much ... he responded that maybe they would go another $ 60.00 , for a total of $ 100.00 dollars.Since my sunglass model had been discontinued -LRB- for design problems ? -RRB- a replacement pair was not an option.So , bottom line , it cost me $ 175.00 for one year plus to own these glasses , they are still broken , and Revo could care less.Stay away from these brands 'cause they do n't back up their quality claims , and exhibit poor customer service attitude .
 After just three short trips on our boat it began to shred . The whole corner is gone . It looked well built but did n't last .
 Why would I buy 6 in a pack for $ 49.99 -LRB- $ 8.33 each -RRB- when the individual units are priced at $ 7.99 each ?
 This sword is for display only , as it is made of stainless steel with is brittle and breaks in blades over 12 '' in length . You should n't expect this sword to hold up any where but on your wall . How much cooler would it be to have a real carbon steel sword there instead .
 There are no pockets on these stupid shorts ! I need pockets ... everyone does . What a waste . How hard would it be to sew in some pockets under armour ?
 I love the material of this short , its much bigger than normal S size to me but I can live with that , without any pockets drives me nuts . I have to carry my cell phone and keys all the time . When I go to the store , I got to carry my back pack for my keys and phones . I 'm 5.11 , not a short guy , but the short is as long as a skirt , I had no choice to buy a Small size still looking like wearing a skirt . I 'm not those basketball player slim giant .
 I love the material of this short , its much bigger than normal S size to me but I can live with that , without any pockets drives me nuts . I have to carry my cell phone and keys all the time . When I go to the store , I got to carry my back pack for my keys and phones . I 'm 5.11 , not a short guy , but the short is as long as a skirt , I had no choice to buy a Small size still looking like wearing a skirt . I 'm not those basketball player slim giant .
 There are no pockets on these stupid shorts ! I need pockets ... everyone does . What a waste . How hard would it be to sew in some pockets under armour ?
 This company is sending a different pattern than what was pictured . I deal with model horses and the one they sent has a very large pattern and it will not work . I can get large pattern material anywhere . This is the reason I bought this one . It shows a small design that would have been perfect . I wo n't trust this company again .
 Lousy directions ! Does `` NOT '' tell you which end goes forward!My advice purchase another mount which has detailed directions with it !
 AMAZON HAS AN INCORRECT PRODUCT DESCRIPTION THAT SAYS THERE ARE 4 .5 LB END WEIGHTS FOR THESE MAKING THEM 2 LBS EACH . IN FACT THE END WEIGHTS ARE 2 LBS EACH MAKING A TOTAL OF 5 LBS PER HANDLE AFTER ADDING THE EXTRA WEIGHTS . THE PRODUCT ITSELF IS WONDERFUL AND OF GREAT QUALITY ! THANK GOODNESS THE PERSON THEY WERE FOR DID N'T MIND THE WEIGHT DIFFERENCE SO I WONT HAVE TO MESS WITH A RETURN !
 I thought this was the perfect gift for my two sons who are Yankee fans with girlfriends who are Red Sox fans . Unfortunately I was sent a Yankee vs. Mets game and the supplier policy was that I had to order and pay for a new game before another game was sent and then wait for a credit . The shipping manager was rude and I just decided to not try not to reorder . The second game was inadvertently sent to my son 's old address but was returned . The supplier did promptly credit my account for both games but I would have preferred the games .
 was good while i had it ... which was about 5 months . But the plastic was cheap and dented the first day I used it . I dont recommend this head to anyone though I did think it was a good head while it around .
 I got the heel cushions . I ordered them the same day as the Splint . I did n't receive splint yet . What is going on ?
 This pedometer seemed to have more features and was more practically designed than the 4 others I tried . However , they ALL had one thing in common - they were to inaccurate to be of any use . Worse , the inaccuracies were compounded with each increment of distance traveled!I gave up , bit the bullit , and got a Garmin 305 and so should you : -RRB-
 Notice that all the good reviews are five years old.This bike fell apart gradually during the first two weeks I owned it . i tightend screws and aired up the tires.The final straw was when , after only two week of use , I was two miles from home when the left pedal fell off.The metal threads were stripped and would not screw back on . I consider myself lucky I was n't injured.Spend a little more and get a bike you can trust .
 Bender was bent . Box was damaged badly when arrived . Did not feel sturdy , or safe , feels like a cheap product . Seriously , better to get a better quality for 10 $ / 20 $ more or even the same price . I returned mine and got a much better , sturdier Huffy -LRB- almost same price -RRB- .
 I received my bike and it had a dent in the rear fender , i tried to send Amazon a reply to ask them to replace it but there was nothing for comments to get a replacement , i am not satisified with my bike and the customer service was no where to be found . i will never get a bike shipped again .
 I ordered this thinking it was nice for the price . It arrived in a beat-up box , but my neighbor and I put it together . The tires turned out to be flat , the rims bent and several other problems . Because the box was damaged already , I had to beg for a bike box to return it . I 'm still trying to find someone to help me take it apart so I can send it back . Then in 3 - 4 weeks ' time , I 'll finally get my money back after all that aggravation . I 've been an Amazon customer for YEARS and have never had any complaint . I 'm surprised Amazon would carry such a shoddy product . Do n't buy it !!!
 This bike is OK for a cheap bike , but about half as comfortable and well-made as the Schwinn Hollywood , which is a mere $ 30 more from Fogdog through amazon with free shipping . Compared to the Schwinn , this bike feels cheap and is not very comfortable . I bought a Scwhinn cruiser at the same time and whenever I 'm not riding it , everyone wants to ride it and leave the Huffy in the garage . Get the picture ? Get the Scwinn .
 I buy many bikes from Amazon for my beach house where everything rusts so I try not to spend too much . This is the worst I have ever purchased out of the 9 . It arrived quickly - I am an Amazon prime member . The box was punctured by the wheel nuts . It was simple to put together . The rear wheel was bent . Instead of sending a replacement wheel they sent another bike . I then had to take the wheel from the replacement bike and put on the first assembled bike . Then I had to put the bent wheel on the replacement bike and send it back . The shipping did not cost me anything but it was a hassle . Customer service was good . The bike makes a funny noise when you stop peddling to glide . I have tried everything I can think of to stop the noise . Nothing appears to be rubbing . The handlebars grips are cheap foam rubber that tear easily . I have a similar Huffy bike that is many years old and is a much better bike . This one rides like the cheap bike that it is . I would spend more to get a better bike .
 Love the bike and the look of it , but when it was delivered to the door the shipping box was falling apart and both of the chrome fenders were badly dented , and none of the tools to put it together were there , they probably fell out . If you really like this bike go to a nearby bike store or target and pick it up . very disappointed .
 I was impressed by the silicone boots and quality appearance of the wires . Unfortunately , the weak connectors on this wire set were n't strong enough to keep the boots ON the spark plugs . Slide it on a spark plug , click the connector , then , the boot would return back to its normal shape , slipping up and off the spark plug . Same thing happened on the distributor cap end . If they improved the spring strength of the connectors these would be a great wire set .
 Feels extremely fragile and rightly so , since it broke the first time I test fired it . Fortunately , I got it for free with another purchase . I would n't recommend this gun even for beginners .
 I use this item two times , and got it broke , no way to fix it
 this gun is the worst gun because the first day I got it , it jammed and I would n't even reccomend it for beginners but if you want a gun to just hold and look at , then this is the gun for you .
 This gun is absolutley terrible . The third time I shot it , the thing broke!The pellets it came with were not even perfect circles and you could not load them . I would tell you more of how bad this was but I really do n't want to waste any more of my time .
 -LRB- im not a kid -RRB- I got this gun for free and it worked great the fist day but it broke the next i fixed it and another part broke , so agin i fixed it and another part broke . Im very sure that it broke simply from use as the damage inside the gun showed . In my opinion do n't get this gun it 's a wast of time and money . I hope I have been very helpful .
 Ok , I never bought another prop wrench before but needed one to take my prop off . I ordered the wrench and it came just a few days later.Unfortunately it is made out of pretty weak plastic and the drain plug side tore upon first try . I did manage to loosen and tighten the prop but have no confidence that it will hold up over time.I guess I will start looking for a metal version of this wrench .
 As soon as I opened the box I knew I had made a mistake . In big red letters on the side of the pedestal was a warning that this pedestal was not designed to be used in boats that would be traveling at speeds in excess of 10 miles per hour . Fortunately the return process was easy and I paid a bit more and got a much better seat pedestal .
 These oars suck . Plain and simple . The paddles will function , but not very well . The oars came with my Sevylor HF 360 and I immediately replaced them with a couple canoe paddles , which worked exponentially better and also fit on the side of the boat . I would recommend good paddles over these lame oars .
 purchased this product hoping it would be of good quality , but was disappointed , odometer hit 10 miles then flipped over to 110 miles , reset a few times , and same thing happened , also needle jumps all over the place , mounted on a motorbike speed would range from 25 mph to 32 mph when bike was running steady . would not recommend for MB might work ok on a kids bike , but gear at wheel is of poor quality plastic , could not possibly last to long.F.Y.I . joe
 The product came in a timely fashion and seems neat , however it came with no instructions . I emailed the company through Amazon and did not receive a reply . My son is very disappointed that his new accessory does n't work and I am very disappointed that the company will not support their product .
 I have owned several of these . . Some make it to 300 miles , some to 900 , and then the needle begins to swing wild and you no longer have any idea what speed you are going . Also . . The only odometer it has is a trip odometer and not a total miles . This speedo is junk . I can only wish that Sachs Huret still made them . I hope that someday soon some one will produce a quality version again of the traditional analog speedo . I can tell you this . . This one ai n't it !!!
 when i brought this i thought it was really big and silly looking i mean it was cool the see the original needle move up when i sped up but it arrived damaged . the numbers that are suppose to move didnt ihad to take it apart to fix the inside piece that came loose . then after i got it to work it just didnt work properly . i ended up taking it off my bike and trashing this i really didnt like it and it looked stupid on my bike .
 This odometer worked great for a week or so , but it now no longer keeps track of the miles , only the speed . It 's not the same as the one in the picture , but i do n't expect to get the speed up that high anyway.I did n't think about it before but the gauge design does slow you down ever so very slightly .
 This product was easy to install and worked for 3.9 milesthen it quit I assume internal components will not withstandspeeds and vibration when used on Motorized bicycles otherwisea decent looking product
 This hooked up fairly simply even though there were no instructions . ONce my son was on it though he told me that it obediently went up to 10mph and then pegged on the maximum setting - I have no idea why it has this problem -LRB- I tried it , just to say if he had his facts straight - he did ! -RRB- - this was n't that much money and I have yet to send it back for a refund - that 's my next move .
 This thing looks good but that is as about as far as it goes . I do n't mind that there is no instructions , seemed easy enough to figure out but my main concern is the speed cable is too short , 2 inches longer would have been great.Next , the milage indicator will go up to 9/10 of a mile & stay there , ca n't tell how far you have traveled.The MPH indicator on the odometer seems reasonable but for the money , this thing is just Plastic '' -LSB- ... -RSB- '' ! I would never buy another nor would I recommend this piece of crap to a friend !
 Worked for 3 days , speed-o goes to 50 MPH . I had mine to 30 MPH and put 30 MI . on it before it went crazy and quit working ! -LRB- must have a 30/30/3 warranty -RRB- 3 days 30 MPH or 30 MI . which ever comes first . Might be O.K. on a bike with out a motor . All plastic construction is its down fall `` I think '' ! Retro 26 '' and 27 '' wheel Speedometer NEW
 I purchased this speedometer on 8/18/2008 and when it got 57 miles on it , It quit working . The needle went all the way around and has not worked since . I would not purchase or recommend this product again .
 24 '' and 26 '' Retro SpeedometerDear Amazon , I purchased this product in June of 2008 . It is a great looking product and I was happy with it 's appearance . Although it did not come with installation instructions , the instructions posted by Joseph in September 2007 were helpful . With his instructions and a little ingenuity , I installed the spedometer . When I first roded the bicycle , inoticed that the odometer was not working . A slight tap on the right side took care of it for the moment . I measured a given distance with my truck and compared it with your product . I found the odometer about ten percent fast . During subsequent use , I needed to give the speedometer a tap on the right side to start it off . Today , the odometer stopped working at 2.3 miles . Taping it did not do any good . There is somthing wrong with this product.I noticed that to return a product it must be in an unopened box and it needs to be returned within the first thirty days . With that requirment , Now , I guess I just have a piece of junk as it does n't work .
 This speedometer is a cheap knock-off . It is all plastic . One trip down a bumpy road and the odometer failed after 2.5 miles . Once I opened it up everything from the dial face plate right down to the gears inside is all PLASTIC ! Hardly worth the aggravation to go through to install it . It does n't even come any instructions . It has `` JUNK '' written all over it . What a waste of money . The only thing made of metal are two face plate screws , two rear case screws and the drive cable . Oh and did I forget the mount . The gauge metal was hardly stronger than cardboard .
 just got this speed o and is way off . I swamped it 100 times and still tops out and says I went 100 miles it two feet . junk do n't get it .
 The speedometer looks good , but it does n't look like the one I ordered . They sent me the KPH one , which would be fine it I lived in Europe . I would n't have minded as much if it did n't say which one it was and then I got a KPH one , but it clearly states `` Product Description
 It 's 90 % Plastic , that should say it all ... It lasted 75 miles and then took a dump . . Save your money find something else ...
 Nice speedometer and works great ! but came with NO installations instructions at all . Good thing that I am mechanically inclined.Even with that it took 1 hour of trial and error to get it install correctly . The greatest problem with with the bike 's frontwheel itself . The speedometer sensor changed clearances with all of the bolt arrangement on the front wheel . Instructions aboutthis short-coming would have been very welcome . But still it is a nice speedometer for the money . I only rated it lower due tothe absence of instructions .
 I just got this in today and like everybody else no instructions , I installed it and the meter was all the way to the right so I tried messing with it and got it to the 0 postion but then it did n't work when I took a ride and then the miles were so off it was a joke.I regret not seeing the bad reviews for this , I learned my lesson , wish someone out there would make something like this that would actually work and NOT a plastic piece of junk .
 Just as another reviewer wrote above , mine had no instructions included . Worse , I just bought a one speed beach cruiser coaster brake type bike and I do n't think these are made for it . There was just not enough space . If I tried to the left of the fork nearest the spokes , it would require eliminating the inner nut that keeps the cone secure . when I tried the space to the outside of the fork leg , the trip lever wo n't reach inside the spokes . The problem is simple ... the center hole in the unit is just too small to fit over the cone and the cone locking nut so as to lay tight to the spoke side of the axle ... In sheer desparation I used a Dremel tool to cut out the axle sized hole all the way up to a hole big enough to slide over the cone and the cone stop nut . Seems to work fine now .
 this speedometer is not calibrated for the 26 '' wheel . and the counter spring gives out if you go over 20 mph for more than a week .
 Got this speedo for my Diamondback Wildwood Citi and after checking if against a GPS and car it reads 20mph and my real speed was 13.5 mph thats 6.5 mph faster then I was going . Furthermore after riding 12 miles -LRB- miles confirmed with car and moped -RRB- the odometer showed 1 mile more then the real distance . Also there is no way to correct this other then removing the speedometer and getting another type . I am sure that it 's ONLY made for a 27 '' bike not a 26 '' -LRB- 80 `` per wheel rev. -RRB- and for the price I didnt expect perfection but 6.5 mph off is really bad.I think this would be a good speedometer for a child as it 's more Toy then real speedometer.thats my $ 0.02 worth
 You are wasting your money by buying this speedometer . One thing is the speedometer does n't come with instructions . Anohter thing is that the grey round thing would not fit between the forks on my bike . I had to make the hole bigger . Once I was able to fit it on I thought my problems would by over . I was wrong . When I went to ride my bike the grey round thing broke within the first mile . The thing that catchs the spokes bent and gear inside chewed its way through the plastic until it got stuck . It will no longer turn . I received the speedometer in the mail this morning and it already broke by this afternoon . The grey round thing is made out of cheap plastic and does not apear that it was made to last . Mine sure did n't .
 Ordered two of these and both did n't work worth a crap . One of them the needle just went from 0 speed all the way around until it hit 0 speed again . The second one , the needle just moved back and forth . Not knowing what your real speed was .
 Bought this for my fiance 's bike , we go out together often , he likes to track how far we have gone . After only 50 miles the speedometer/odometer no longer works .
 I purchased this item for a gift and had it shipped straight to my father for his birthday . When he installed it onto his bike , it kept the correct milleage but did not keep the correct speed and he had to send it back . They do n't like purchaseing on-line due to this problem . I wanted to show them that one could purchase items on-line and get the correct item and an item that worked.SincerelyBetty Jean Richmond
 The speedo looks good , but the wheel attaching mechanism is made so cheaply that it only worked for a few miles before it bent the arm and stopped working . I was able to fix it for a while longer , but it is a lost cause . I knew before I purchased this item that it was not super durable product , but did not think it would be this bad.Do not buy !
 It seems to be OK . More for retro look than functionality which is a little on the iffy side .
 opened the box put it all together figured out how to mount it on my handle bars but could not figure out how to put it on my front rim i had and idea how it was supposed to work but could n't get it to go where i wanted . I waited for my dad to get home being I 'm only fourteen and my dad is good at figuring things like that out he could n't get anything to work either.so we figured out it would not work on my bike so although it looks cool with vintage bikes save yourself the disappointment and get A digital electric one.even though it really does look like the best you can find to go with a vintage bike
 I received the speedometer , it comes with no documentation what so ever.Thankfully my brother was able to get it going , and the odemeter worked forthe first 12 miles and stopped . So unfortunately we also question the accuracyof the speedomter .
 i have a motorized bike and bought this to keep track of my breakin period there were no instructions.and mine came in kph not mph iwould send it back but i instaled it before i realized it was kph not mph as it showed on the add that i bought it from iam not happy it looks like its ready to breake iam going to try to return it if ican find bikeamile frm where mine came from
 Good classic look however it is so inaccurate that its not even funny . I rode up my 60 ' driveway and back and it recorded 2 miles and I did 60mph . Is good for looks but not for any accurate accessment of speed or mileage .
 I bought this product and was unable to attach this to my bike . There is not enough room for the gray piece to go between the axle nut and the fork . The old bikes from the 50 's and 60 's had two nuts on each side of the forks . First you removed the outer nut and when you would loosen the last nut on the outside of the fork , the fork would flex out wider . This design gave you plenty of space between the fork and the axle.The bikes that are made today do not have a locking nut on the axle and the forks do not flex . So this speedometer will not work on the bikes that are made today . This company should tell people that this product only works on the older style bikes.I am going to try to modify the hole on the gray piece by making it bigger and allowing the gray piece to fit closer to the spokes . Right now the gray piece fits so tight between the fork and the axle and there is no exposed threads left on the axle to put the nut on.Someone needs to design a speedometer for a bike that is mounted to the front fork and touches the side of the tire for the calibrated speed.Hmm , that gives me an idea !!!!!
 The only thing good about this item is that I know exactly how long it worked
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband . We live in Michigan so he did n't begin using it until the good weather came about three weeks ago . It just stopped working . Completely broken . I checked the return policy and noticed that since we 've had the speedometer since December we are only entitled to a partial refund and we have to pay shipping costs . Well I guess we 'd lose money if we did that so we 'll have to chalk it up to experience . Just thought others should know for future reference .
 This item is totally worthless no instructions to start and it is made like a cheap kids toy , save your money this thing is a joke .
 Still trying to get use to . i must be wearing it worng , because it 's very difficult to grasp my club correctly . Did n't provide any instruction with purchase .
 Everything with the product was great . But I did n't receive everything that was in the product description . The video tape was not received , even though it said it was included in the purchase .
 One of our foursome bought this thing and we all tried it over the next 3 weeks before it was returned . Greg 's secret is he just picked your pocket for 28 bucks . It will hold your wrist back for a proper lag but it is uncomfortable and does n't feel natural . And because of those two reasons you wo n't get mussel memory to hold that lag on your down stoke . The mind is n't going to repeat a certain wrist angle when it associates it with pain . A much better tool is a Smash Bag , 5 or 6 different companies make them and it is a true training tool . You will get much better on squaring up at impact and learning to delay your release to get that distance creating lag . I think Greg would be better off putting his name on a poster for restaurants on how to do the Heimlich maneuver , after all he is the King of Chokers , and thats no secret .
 The snowshoes are well made and I would love to be able to give them a positive review . Unfortunately the bindings do not keep the snowshoes aligned correctly with your boot . After a short time using them , the snowshoes will be angled to the side . I tried everything I could think of with adjusting the binding and was beginning to think it was just a problem for me . But then I found an online outdoor magazine'e review and the reviewer reported the exact same problem . He had several other people try the snowshoes and they all had the same problem . Hopefully Redfeather will redesign the bindings on this otherwise very well made snowshoe .
 This hunter 's watch is indispensable for the guy who needs to know the temperature of his wrist 15-30 minutes ago . It also has a stopwatch and count down timer that you can use any time neither the hour hand nor the minute hand are obscuring it . To its credit , it 's pretty heavy , so it 's good exercise and may also have some use as in wrist-to-paw combat situations . As I understand it though , most hunters prefer to kill from a distance using a high power weapon . As a timepiece , I 'm sure it 's accurate , but setting the time is a pain
 dont waste ur money on this one , the review are all wrong !!! trust me
 As my title suggests , this sword is a display piece . It is made of stainless steel . A real sword is made of carbonized steel and needs to be oiled every month to prevent rust . Also one guy said his snapped at the handle . To me that implies it isnt really full tang . Full tang means that the blade is just as thick inside the handle and makes your weapon more reliable . Show pieces make the tang as thin as a half inch or less , you could snap it with your bare hands . There are many people out there holding a handle while their blade goes flying because they did n't realize they did not have a sword meant for anything but hanging on a wall . I 'm not saying this sword isnt cool for the price but if you want usability you really need to spend nearer to 200-500 . You get what you pay for . LOOK for CARBONIZED steel and HEAT tempered as well as FULL tang . And be sure to take proper care because tho carbonized steel makes a usable if not awesome weapon it can rust if not oiled . This stainless steel SHOWPIECE will probably never rust so put it on the wall and forget about it . All you can really do is show it to your friends and maybe intimidate an idiot . Note * i have seen showpiece swords being played with break at the handle and the blade swung around and stabbed the user .
 The sword is ok the sheath is not what u get the package came with the tip of the blade stabbing out of the box ... so yeah sharp but there are better ones out there
 This sheath it came with split open the second I took the sword out of it . The sheath is flimsy and cheap . The sword itself is kinda cool but the handle unravels really easily .
 I do n't know about the ones other people get but mine is a steel bar . first half is the blade cut in to its advertised shape and somewhat sharpened -- almost as sharp as a common kitchen knife -- with dam poor craftsmanship . I mean the sharpened portion is completely lopsided and the blade is bent -- I fixed it by bending the blade a bit 'til it 's straight -- yeah ... it 's a metal bar , of-course you can bend it as you like . imprint near its hilt is `` 440 STAINLESS '' and other side is `` CHINA '' painted black all over except the sharpened portion . second half is the handle which is also painted black sandwiched by two thin piece of handle shaped wood held together by black tape which is then wrap around by a black string . The handle and the blade is welded together with again crappy craftsmanship -- not at all lined up but does look like it can hold as long as you do n't hit something hard like for example a tree . would it cut through people ? i have n't sharpened it enough for it to cut through fabric yet so I ca n't answer that . Good display piece . would n't recommend for use . but it is cheap .
 I was given one of these as a gift for Christmas . I messed around a little with it , but did not chop anything like wood or a tatami mat with it . You can see that it 's for display and it could be hazardous cutting anything serious with it . If someone wants to do some serious chopping they would be better served with a machete ! There are some decent machete 's for an affordable price like the ones from Cold Steel which will chop through most anything within reason , without breaking or shattering like this stainless steel sword would probably do . The machetes wo n't shatter because most of them are made out of high carbon steel like 1055 , not stainless steel which is too brittle for anything over a 12 '' blade length . If you want to see what happens when you hit something hard with a cheap stainless steel sword then highlight this link > -LSB- ... -RSB- < then right click and select `` go to '' on the pull down menu . I am betting that the `` host '' who ended up going to the hospital wo n't be doing that again with anymore `` cheap '' stainless steel swords ?
 I got this item , and not that I expected a lot for what I paid for it . It 's just supposed to be a prop anyhow so high quality was n't a priority when I bought it , but when it came the ` sheath ' and the cord-wrapped handle of the sword had fuzzy gray mold all over them ! It was gross . I 'll clean it up the best I can , but I 'm really not thrilled about having to do it . The sheath tore open the first time I put the blade back in it - the tip of this weapon especially is incredibly narrow and sharp and went right through the thin fabric , even after it sliced open the stitching . So now it 's gone through both the stitching and the fabric of the flimsy sheath . The blade itself has a big chip out of the tip -LRB- on the flat side of the blade , strangely enough -RRB- . There are also a few spots where it looks like some scratches might have been colored in with a sharpie - they are much shinier than the rest -LRB- very , very small spots -RRB- . At first I thought it was oil , because there was oil on the blade as well , but that cleaned right off .
 Shipping was horrible and package showed up damaged . The sword does not look as described in picture and info . Sword hand feels cheap and loose covering . The sword case was also cheaply made and ripped the first time that I put the sword in it carefully . I do not recommend this product !
 The blade I ordered was what I recieved . I was disapointed to recive it damaged . There were two deep scratches in the metal . I will not be able to use it for the plaque I ordered it for . : -LRB-
 okay idk how many people who bought this peice of crap was welded at the hilt just right before the big point at the bottom after the blade ends but asside from being welded it was a low quality weld i would save your money and buy a fulll tang swprd its price and its looks are all that this thing has going for it . dont buy a cheap sword becus that normaly means its a cheap quality .
 I was very excited When I got this for christmas it was very sharp and cool looking.The first time I went outside to use it it seemed great but the first time I tapped it against a tree to see how strong it was it snapped right above the handle.DO NOT BUY THIS SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 ' 27 '' Full Tang Black Blade Fantasy Ninja Sword w / Sheath ` The title states that this item is full tang.This item is not full tang .
 These turned out to be slightly too long for me to use . I tried using them anyway , but they are really large and heavy . A good weapon should be light and easy to handle , I think . I have had the opportunity to use a really nice pair -LRB- after I purchased these -RRB- and the difference was obvious , both in versatility and the pain in my hands . However , they do look really nice . Maybe I 'll hang them on my wall as decoration .
 I got these specifically as a sharp weapon but hey ... those tips that look sharp in the picture ... yeah they 're completely blunt flat tips ... fail .
 This things are pretty good if your just going to use them for a pattern but are not designed for sparring . The handle wrap came off but since the handle has texture underneath the wrap its ok . My problem with them is 4 months after purchasing them -LRB- and using them in sparring -RRB- the prong broke at the point where it had been welded to the shaft .
 The sais themselves were acceptable . However , the black grip is made of a plastic strip , and that gold line you can barely see in the image ? That 's a strip of gold twist tie . Yeah , the stuff you close the bread bag with.Most disappointing was the fact that water somehow got between the plastic strip and the metal handle , and the sai is rusted for about 5 inches of hilt and blade . In order to make these usable , I now have to scour off the rust and re-wrap the handles with leather . Not worth the price I paid , for a product I have to do so much work on .
 These are a terrible pair of sai they ca n't lock a Bo staff and the prong broke off they are terribly weighted and look nothing like the picture
 My son was having problems dropping his elbow and maintaining a 90 degree angle . I was very hopeful this product would help , and eager to try it . Unfortunately , there are a couple of problems with it . The positioning of the brace itself is not instinctual and it is difficult to position properly . The picture instructions were not helpful . More importantly , though , when we did have the brace in the right position -LRB- at least we thought we did -RRB- , my son found that the most comfortable position for his arm was straight and that the 90 degree angle it purports to encourage was actually more uncomfortable . We stopped using it before he changed his mechanics for the worse .
 A waste of money in my case . The product was not very functional and was repeatedly reapplied before giving up less than a week after it was received . Great in theory , but ONLY in theory .
 this product is not worth the price . the plastic tube is nearly thin as a milk jug . i did n't recieve the same stand as pictured . also the ad specified an included net . forget it !!! it is n't included . this product is a great idea , however , what you get is worth about $ 40 .
 My son was having problems dropping his elbow and maintaining a 90 degree angle . I was very hopeful this product would help , and eager to try it . Unfortunately , there are a couple of problems with it . The positioning of the brace itself is not instinctual and it is difficult to position properly . The picture instructions were not helpful . More importantly , though , when we did have the brace in the right position -LRB- at least we thought we did -RRB- , my son found that the most comfortable position for his arm was straight and that the 90 degree angle it purports to encourage was actually more uncomfortable . We stopped using it before he changed his mechanics for the worse .
 A waste of money in my case . The product was not very functional and was repeatedly reapplied before giving up less than a week after it was received . Great in theory , but ONLY in theory .
 I wish I had done some more research on Smith & Wesson knives before purchasing this . According to the information I could find , the Smith & Wesson name is simply licensed to a knife manufacturer that has fairly poor quality control over their blades . The one I got was junk , right out of the box -- this knife could n't cut through air . Check out some other small-knife options like theKershaw Little Lockback Folding Pocket Knife -LRB- Blue -RRB- before going with the Little Pal .
 We never received the product . First we received a women 's watch . When we called to see how to get the correct product that we ordered they were very nice about telling us how to return the women 's watch and told us that the man 's watch was still in stock and we would have it by Christmas . The women 's watch was returned and we waited and waited . Finally we called to make sure that the man 's watch was on it 's way . Guess what ? It was not and to top it off they were not in stock anymore . I will never ever order from amazon.com again and would not recommend anyone else to either . They did offer us a $ 15.00 credit for their mistake ! WHATEVER !!!!! We would just rather not use them at all !
 The gloves appear to be high quality but if you wear a lg or x-large glove you will not be able to get your hands even halfway into these tiny things.They are listed on the packaging and on the tags inside the gloves themselves as XL . I can not imagine how anyone could make such a mistake.It also says they are made in Pakistan ... are the Pakistanis little tiny people ? ... I do not know .
 For starters both issues mentioned by previous reviewers are correct , that is this knife is way too small for adult hands , and it is of poor quality and a bad design . The size would not be that much of an issue since it is correctly described , and were it not for the other problems , could be a decent starter knife for a 8-10 yo boy . However , my son practiced opening and closing it for a few minutes and from that alone the tiny little spring that 's supposed to lock the blade was bent out of shape permanently so the blade does n't lock anymore . A blade that does n't lock securely in place is dangerous . This should not be allowed to happen.Note
 This knife started to fall apart within days . The nut that lets you flick it open fell out for starters . Then the handle started to come apart . I would never buy another .
 My son was having problems dropping his elbow and maintaining a 90 degree angle . I was very hopeful this product would help , and eager to try it . Unfortunately , there are a couple of problems with it . The positioning of the brace itself is not instinctual and it is difficult to position properly . The picture instructions were not helpful . More importantly , though , when we did have the brace in the right position -LRB- at least we thought we did -RRB- , my son found that the most comfortable position for his arm was straight and that the 90 degree angle it purports to encourage was actually more uncomfortable . We stopped using it before he changed his mechanics for the worse .
 A waste of money in my case . The product was not very functional and was repeatedly reapplied before giving up less than a week after it was received . Great in theory , but ONLY in theory .
 Just received the knife today and as always , right on time Amazon . It 's an extremely solid knife and like everyone else said , heavy . Unfortunately I have to give it two stars because like several others after just a few times of putting it into the sheath I am noticing the grip peeling away from the blade . I 'm sure it will hold up , but before long it will look like a mess . I will probably send it back since for this should certainly not happen after a few pulls from the sheath .
 I bought this knife in early September , 2010 and used it for an overnight hiking trip . During the trip , I used it to split and chop a small amount of wood , something I understand that it 's not necessarily meant for . When I got back from the trip , I realized that the blade of the knife was chipped at several places . I brought the blade to Gerber -LRB- I live in Portland , OR , so it was a 30 minute round-trip drive -RRB- and was told that the knife was going to be replaced.Two weeks later , the knife arrives . Blade is still obviously chipped , no work done to repair chipping , but it seems as if the knife is sharper -- NO DOCUMENTATION is included regarding what was done to try to fix the knife . Naturally , I tried to find out . I played phone tag with the customer service center @ Gerber for a week until they finally got back to me . The representative was helpful and looked up my warranty reference number . She realized that all that had been done to my knife was a sharpening.Two questions RE
 Knife seems to be ok but mine has a blade that has a curve to it . It will function but when you hold it in your hand and look down the spine it 's very noticeable . I would think the final inspector would have seen this before it went out the door . I would exchange it but I was away when it arrived and missed the dead line for returns . This has nothing to do with Amazon , my complaint is with Gerber . American made should be a good thing , but with this knife , it has no meaning .
 I bought one and after removing it from and inserting it back into the sheath just a few times , the rubber on the handle began to separate and curl outwards . I then ordered another , took it into the woods for maybe an hour for some light use . I did little more than hack at some branches , but when I returned home I noticed the plastic bit on the handle that immediately surrounds the base of the blade -LRB- the tang -RRB- was pulling apart . Needless to say , I was very disappointed after spending quite some time researching knives and reading positive reviews about this one . I emailed pictures to Gerber and they were polite , but offered no solutions . Both knives are en-route back to Amazon.On a positive note , the sheath is of the utmost quality , very versatile , and very comfortable ! I only wish I could keep the sheath and put another more durable knife in it .
 This knife is overall a good concept/idea . However , it has a number of glaring flaws that I 'm having a hard time looking past , and that have lead me to get a SOG Seal Pup Elite instead . 1 -RRB- The serrations on the LMF are angled toward the side of the knife that is wrong for right-handers . What I mean is that the edge of the serrations is positioned and angled to the right side of the knife blade . So when widdling or cutting the edge does n't grab when holding the knife with your right hand . It just slides down the stick . If you are left handed it will work fine for you . However , for righties it 's useless . The design team lead at Gerber must be a lefty ! 2 -RRB- The knife is not full tang . The blade only goes half way into the handle and stops . It does n't span the entire length of the handle . I understand that this was designed to minimize the risk of electric shock for pilots who need to cut their way out of a downed aircraft by de-coupling the metal blade from the handle . However , for a heavy duty survival knife this presents a serious weakness . I have heard multiple cases of the blade coming loose inside the handle after being used for minor chopping or battoning . 3 -RRB- The knife ` snaps ' in and out of the sheath . The plastic sheath was designed this way so that the knife stays securely in the sheath . However , since the handle of the LMF is very soft rubber , the plastic snap system on the sheath wears away at the rubber handle from taking the knife in and out . This wear happens VERY quickly . 4 -RRB- This knife is very heavy for this size of knife . It is the heaviest knife I 've used . I ca n't imagine backpacking for hours with this thing strapped to my leg or belt . 5 -RRB- The black paint wears off of the blade almost immediately . There 's not much point in painting a blade since it 's just going to wear off immediately anyway !
 The knife arrived in a ripped Gerber box . Upon opening , the pommel has scarring all over it and the worst part , the smooth part of the blade has gouging marks that are pretty deep . I paid for a new knife and I was sent a used one . Unacceptable .
 I bought this knife mainly for its sturdieness and versatility . When i got it , i opened up the package and found that the sheith is so incredibly bulky and not monuverable i am returning it . Also the handle is of the most not ergonomic designs i have ever seen . This knife would not be good for anything but playing rambo and killing people
 The videos did not meet my expectations . The transitions between moves were too quick and injury prevention was not emphasized enough . The videos push his nutritional supplements instead of focusing on endurance , CV strength and training .
 This product really coddles you from beginning to end with the types of foods you should eat to the sequencing of videos . The problem is , if you have had any moderate exercise in your recent past , this will likely be too easy . I 've only done it for a month now , and have n't gained anything significant beyond what swimming was giving me before . I would recommend this only to someone who needs to be on a regimen that will get them off the sofa and inform them of what to eat . It 's really for someone who is totally out of shape and can tolerate monotony . I immediately had to start with the second 3-4 discs because the 1-2 were beyond easy . I get bored easily if I 'm not challenged , and after a month , this is no longer challenging to me at all . I 'm going to start P90x this week , so hopefully that builds the muscle I 'm looking to build .
 I know many people who have completely transformed their bodies and gotten into great shape with P90X or it 's slightly easier precursor Power 90 . The results they 've had are so amazing that it motivated me to try them too . First I tried P90X , and thought I was going to die . I could only get through a couple minutes before I felt like I was going to throw up . I was encouraged to try Power 90 instead , which I was told would be easier than P90X and would be a good way to work up to the intensity of P90X . In truth , even Power 90 was way too much for me . Disclaimer
 Terribly boring . Terribly boring.I liked the earlier Biggest Loser first season workout much better . You want to fall asleep with this video.It is not at al like p90x
 Beware . Only works if you carry DVDs and DVD player -LRB- or have computer with DVD -RRB- . Can not copy to computer or play on portable device . Very tough for road warriors . It is truly best for `` in home '' . I tried emailing beach body with this question and never got a response so I decided to purchase and try it . No luck and finally got help from live chat -LRB- nice feature -RRB- . Wish that they made this easier to bring with me . iPad version would be even better.How good is it ? Not sure . Have been on the road since I got it and I am sure that it will be tough to stay on program because is not portable enough . Rating it low for this reason
 If you think you 're getting the full P90X set here think again . It 's a much shortened version and not at all worth the big price tag . I used a gift card so at least it eased the $ $ $ pain a bit .
 watched the whole series , did n't lose 1 lb . I also thought it was boring , good thing I had good refreshments to keep me awake . .
 I only received one cd , the literature , the bands without the handles so I was very disappointed . I immediately returned the product on January 3rd and to date I have not received any information or credit for the returned item .
 I purchase the Power 90 . It consisted of 2 seperate DVD 's . When I finally graduated to the more complicated work out Level 3-4 the DVD did n't work.I notified the Beachbody company and they `` cant find my purchase '' though I 've given them all the info from the invoice.Very Very Disappointed.Cathy
 There are so many better workouts than this low-budget production . Doing the same workout routine for 90 days is completely inefficient , not to mention that Horton is arrogant and annoying the first time you do the workout . By the end of the first week , you just want to smack him and his big `` MAH-suhls '' every time he talks like Arnold.The timing is off -LRB- again ... a low-budget , one-take workout -RRB- and the stretching is pathetic . Plus , there are wrist curl exercises ... give me a break ! `` Huh , huh , huh ... specificity , my friend ! '' says Mr. High-and-Mighty . How about some variety , Tony?Don ' t waste your money ... or your time .
 There are only a two exercises and you are suppose to do one the first day and then the other the second day , over and over . The advanced version is only slightly different and still easy ! I was bored after one week.Kate
 My son was having problems dropping his elbow and maintaining a 90 degree angle . I was very hopeful this product would help , and eager to try it . Unfortunately , there are a couple of problems with it . The positioning of the brace itself is not instinctual and it is difficult to position properly . The picture instructions were not helpful . More importantly , though , when we did have the brace in the right position -LRB- at least we thought we did -RRB- , my son found that the most comfortable position for his arm was straight and that the 90 degree angle it purports to encourage was actually more uncomfortable . We stopped using it before he changed his mechanics for the worse .
 A waste of money in my case . The product was not very functional and was repeatedly reapplied before giving up less than a week after it was received . Great in theory , but ONLY in theory .
 JUST HORRIBLE , WASTE OF MONEY!Most of the packs i opened were unknown players.No big names at all =-LRB- So do n't plan on purchasing.And the shipping was way to slow .
 Do not buy this thinking it comes with a top punch . I was disappointed to pay a little more to get this , only to find out that the top punch was not included .
 Clearly That Says A Black & White Volleyball I Bought This For My Girlfriend Because She Wanted One For Christmas Well She Finally Got An All White Ball 1 . That 's NOT What I Ordered 2 . Not The Right Color I Am Really Really Displeased . The Seller Needs To Step Up Their Game !
 When I look at all of glowing reviews at amazon regarding this ball I get a distinct felling that either my volleyball was just horribly made in China , instead of , made well in China or Tachikara sold its name to no name company that makes awful volleyballs . I am sending second ball back to amazon for two reason both of them just deflate for no reason at all . Sometime they just deflate sometimes not . And second of all it is very heavy , unforgivably heavy ball for volleyball that does n't bounce not only from your hand but even from a floor . I am sorry but this is a piece of junk , not volleyball
 Glue work is poor . The leather patch is falling apart at day one . I do n't know what kind of glue they are using but it 's not working . The volley ball is for high school players . This is a High school regulation ball -LRB- NFHS -RRB- . The ball size is a bit smaller than the official size . The leather is hard . Not soft to the touch at all . I do NOT recommend this volleyball for other buyers .
 I have purchased lots of items from Amazon . This is the first time I have not been satisfied . I purchased a leather volleyball and when I received it I could n't believe the quality . It looked like a child pasted it together . I called them right away and they sent me a knew one out right away . The second one was ok but not as good as the ones I see at the gym . I was very dissapointed in the quality of the ball but pleased how they took care of it . I would definately buy from amazon again I just hope the quality control is better .
 Image scratches off easily . I placed it on the back of a white iphone and from the rubbing in my pocket it was destroyed . I gave it 2 stars instead of one because it is Patriots
 *** EDIT *** My NEW review
 I got a set of Mallets for X-mas last year and I 've put over 2300 commute miles on them . The tension spring slides on the spindle -LRB- main shaft -RRB- of the pedal and hits the body of the pedal not allowing the wings to engage anymore . I took these pedals off yesterday and put a 7 year old pair of SPD pedals on . SPDs still work!I will not buy anymore Crank Brothers pedals . Also , I went through fours sets of cleats . Still have the original SPD cleats and they work perfectly .
 I brought the 2011 version earlier this year to replace a 12 year old set of Shimano 747 's -LRB- yep the old red ones -RRB- as I 'd read that for DH and FR the Mallets had easier entry . I was hoping that I would n't experience the issues many others did but alas this was a poor wish . My initial reaction was great - the pins hold your shoes , easy entry , great mud clearance . But after a few rides the tension spring was sliding on the spindle of the pedal and hit the body of the pedal not allowing the wings to engage anymore . I contacted the UK supplier and asked them for a spare spring but they had none and could n't advise when one would arrive -LRB- though I 'm not sure if I could have fitted it easily anyway after looking at the internals -RRB- . I then tried several quick fix options inserted into the spring to keep it retained in the optimal position -LRB- bent nails , metal inserts , cable ties ... -RRB- but nothing would hold . So in the end I took these pedals off , returned them for a refund and put back on my 12 year old pair of SPD pedals . The SPDs still work and I 'll just have to suffer with the poorer entry and stability at least until CB fix their quality issues or someone else beats them at design !
 Sled looks great , appears solid . Unfortunately , when I tried to kick off the snow -LRB- in the middle of the sled -RRB- , my foot went right through it . I am not the Incredible Hulk ... the sled , unfortunately , is a bit brittle and shattered with limited impact .
 I order two of these bokkens because I saw it has pretty high review.I received two of different weight and density . After playing 5 minutes with my 7 year old son , the lighter one got all dented . I have to say that my 7 year old son does n't hit that hard.In addition , one of the rubber to hold the hand guard came missing . I agree with one of the other comment that the blade is rather thick .
 I purchased these swords for my son who is 12 . They looked very sturdy and well made . We only struck them together about several times before one broke . We were n't striking them together hard for fear of rapping are knuckles . We considered returning the sword but the shipping was n't worth taking another chance on a problem .
 With all things considered , i can not see this boken being made out of descent wood . Within 5 minutes of sparring -LRB- 3/10 speed -RRB- , the boken was already splintering , badly . There are also many manufacturing flaws , cracks in the finish as well as the base materiel . Lastly the guard is pretty shoddy . The vibrations made from contact caused the cheaply made plastic to snap in half .
 In the picture the sword has a hilt and a sweet thin blade . The sword I got did n't have a hilt and the blade was as thick as a scabbard . Item definitely not as depicted . Pretty unhappy , yo .
 My son was having problems dropping his elbow and maintaining a 90 degree angle . I was very hopeful this product would help , and eager to try it . Unfortunately , there are a couple of problems with it . The positioning of the brace itself is not instinctual and it is difficult to position properly . The picture instructions were not helpful . More importantly , though , when we did have the brace in the right position -LRB- at least we thought we did -RRB- , my son found that the most comfortable position for his arm was straight and that the 90 degree angle it purports to encourage was actually more uncomfortable . We stopped using it before he changed his mechanics for the worse .
 A waste of money in my case . The product was not very functional and was repeatedly reapplied before giving up less than a week after it was received . Great in theory , but ONLY in theory .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 These stupid gloves ripped the second time i put them on my hands . I would only recommend then to someone who feels like wasting 30 bucks .
 I bought these pads for Promax mechanical disc brakes ... and they did n't fit . My advice to the seller
 I was hoping this would fit from the reviews I read . But they did n't fit my Trek 3900 Disc Promax brakes . One side pad is to thick and wont fit unless all brake componets are all the way loosened and the rotor still rubs . Waste of money , not worth the time to send back .
 This product is cheaply made and is n't up to the quality I expected for the money I paid for it . I took the chance because there were no reviews on it.If you are trying to fix a wrist breakdown in your golf swing I would get one of those golf gloves that does not allow your wrist to bend . I have one and I like it much better .
 This product is very cheaply made , and did not work very well for me . My main problem with this product is that it does n't address the core of the problem why your wrist does n't stay flat at the top.A flat left wrist at the top all begins with having a good grip . If you are n't gripping the club correctly , you are going to have to force yourself into a very awkward feeling position in order to keep your left wrist flat at the top . This will probably only mess you up more in the long term .
 I contacted the company about this product issue . I have had multiple 1911 model 45s and all have been fitted with Wilson ambi safeties without problem . This one has a major problem . My standard safety works like butter . This one takes two thumbs pressing on it to engage . I took it to my gunsmith and he said it was too far out of specs to justify the man hours required to make it fit right . I followed some Wilson suggested tune tips but there is just too much to do to make it work right . The company authorized a refund IF and only IF the safety was untouched . I explained to them the issue via email and they stated they would check and get back with me . It has now been 3 weeks not a word or any contact about how we should deal with this .
 My first gun I purchased came with one magazine , so I bought this one to pair it with . The follower likes to jam so the slide stop wont catch , which scared me a few times out on the range into several unnecessary brass checks . I expected loading it to be difficult but damn it feels like the spring in it is too damn big for a 7 round clip ! I have to force # 7 in then if I jostle it a bit the rounds will actually fire out of the clip ! WTF !? Needless to say , Avoid this if you own a 1911 , you will hate yourself for paying for it .
 I just got this gun today , it is so small i feel like im going to break it when i use it , i shot it with the ammo it came with , the thing went like 3 feet no lie . you get what you pay for with this gun . I wont give it three weeks until it breaks . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Bought this for my A2 AR-15 and followed the directions ... Wait ... there were no directions . At first you would say ... Why would anyone need directions for three allen screws ? Well , this thing went downrange on my third shot through it , never to be found again . I work on guns a bunch and know what I am doing here but the only thing I have to show for it is three deep gouges at the tip of my barrel ! Beware ...
 Added a lot of bulk to the barrel just to be able to add a flash hider . Removed and had a gunsmith thread the barrel for $ 50 and add the A2 Bird Cage . Kept coming loose at the firing range .
 I was dissapointed in the set screws not staying tight . The barrel heats up , expands , when things cool down , the screws get loose and it drops off . The thing fell of three times . I finally wrapped a few turns of electrical tape around the barrel , before torking it down the last time . At least now I can catch it before it falls off without warning . Maybe glue would be better ? I would have been better off to have the barrel threaded .
 I understood that this would marry with the A2 Flash Hider sold by m1surplus . I purchased both and they do not fit each other . Returning both products .
 I was shipped the wrong item . Worst part is it looks to be intentional , when I opened the packaging I noticed that the runner was shorter than expected but the label claimed it to be the size that I ordered -LRB- 240C -RRB- , I noticed that the label was not the original so I peeled it back and noticed that the original label showed it to actually be only 30C not the 240C that I ordered . I have contacted Amazon support , but no reply as of yet .
 On a positive note , this poncho is much lighter than the military issued model . I have not field tested this poncho , but I have serious doubts about the quality . Mine was missing one grommet . The color and pattern are okay , but somewhat lighter than the picture . This poncho may not be ready for serious use , but it 's probably okay to stick one in your bug out bag for emergency rain wear or shelter .
 I do n't like it at all and am returning it immediately.As soon as I opened package and looked at it I knew it was crap.Smells horribly of chemicals and I 'm not chancing washing it to see if the smell goes away or if the rigid material gets somewhat more pliable.Moving in it quietly is impossible ... very noisy . Not a good choice for a hunter or other situations where silence might be an advantage.Maybe I was expecting too much quality but I 'm a vet who spent a fair share of time in the field and this is trash . Not even comparable to the ponchos we used in the field and those were probably used by at least 50 people before me . $ 30 for the olive drab and it was a POS . I expected better quality .
 I purchased this product thinking that it was similar to the one I used in the Marine Corps but this is NOT the same . The first time I used it in heavy rain it did not keep out the water . I started getting wet down my neck and down my back ... not sure if there was a leak in the hood -LRB- i never found one -RRB- . Anyway ... it is what it is.Update on this ... It was the seams around the hood that were leaking . I used some seam sealer -LRB- stuff used for waterproofing tents and such -RRB- and it seems to be better . Still , you would think a rain poncho would keep out the rain .
 Given the price , I guess I expected something a little more sturdy , or rugged . It 's a lot thinner and lightweight than I expected . In fact , it 's not too hard to see through it with a little effort . Will it keep you dry ? Yes ! I had a slight problem getting my head through the top -LRB- and I know my head 's not that big -RRB- . But that 's a good thing ; you want it snug around the neck so water does n't pour inside . I 'm curious how long it 'll last . It is huge though , and it should fit almost anyone and cover everywhere unless you 're very tall or very obese . Personally I think it worth $ 10-15 at most .
 very thin and coloring seems really bright to be camo . I 've never tested it . I keep it in my stock just in case i dont have the cheap $ 3 disposable green ponchos from wal-mart . I might use it some day , but no way am I carrying this for hunting purposes . it almost looks white
 I was looking specifically for a very heavy duty poncho , and even prior to opening the package I knew I did not have order the correct item . This poncho was very flimsy and nothing like the description . It went back .
 This was almost impossible to get over my head it was so tight plus it 's only water resistant . You might as well buy a cheap throw away poncho because this one is no better .
 I bought this because my issued poncho was stolen and I needed a replacement . I knew that I could n't use it to turn in to CIF , but I wanted a poncho , so I got this one . Ok , it kind-of blocks the rain ... For an hour or so . The head opening and hood are so small I can barely fit my head thru them , let alone a hat or helmet . Used as a rainfly it does ok , so long as you leave a path for run off leaking . I gave it 2 stars because when I needed it I was glad to have it , but just barely ...
 This is a horrible product . There are two major problems with this poncho . The first is the hood is too small . It assumes you have no neck ! Also , the hole for the head is too small for the average person . My head is not unusually large , though I do have a lot of hair ; but the hole is too small even for someone with a buzz cut.Even if the hole is large enough , there is no length for the hood to each my neck . It looks so odd and is uncomfortable . The fabric that should be resting on my shoulders is making a triangular shape.What is even worse is that the fabric is not water proof ! After being in the rain for more than a few minutes , water begins to leak through . I recommend you avoid this product .
 Unfortunately , I can not say much good about this poncho except that it looks really cool and seems durable . Others have given it good reviews ; maybe I got one that slipped past quality control , but I know that at least one other customer has already said what I am about to.The whole point of a poncho is to keep the wearer dry , right ? That 's what I was expecting . That the product was not advertised as `` 100 % waterproof '' did n't phase me . After all , who would ever sell a poncho that * is n't * waterproof ?? Apparently , Rothco does.The first time I tried the poncho was at the onset of a heavy downpour . Within minutes I could feel moisture on the inside of it , and later when I got inside and pulled it off , I was completely soaked ! I was really upset , but instead of returning the product , I decided to try to waterproof it myself . I picked up some silicone spray for tents from Wal-Mart , followed the directions carefully , and did n't use the poncho for a few months . Today I finally got to try it again -- thank you tropical storm Lee . While it did stay drier for a bit longer , after I had been outside walking for about an hour , I was drenched again.I have given up hope on this one . If you need some concealment for paintball or airsoft on a dry day , have at it . If you need something to actually keep the rain away , something that a real GI or outdoorsman would appreciate , do yourself a big favor and forget about it .
 I ordered this after reading the reviews thinking that this product would do what it was primarily intended to do , that being keeping you dry.This morning we were receiving a moderate rain , so I thought it would be a good test when I went to walk my dog . I fastened the hood over my head , and started out on a mile and half walk . About a third of the way , -LRB- 10 minutes -RRB- I could start to feel moisture inside the poncho . By the time I got back home , my head and shoulders were soaked and the rest of my upper body quite damp.Save your money , find something else .
 I bought this hoping the other reveiwer was being dramatic about how small the hood is on this poncho , but sadly he was absolutely right . I do have a large head but seeing as how this poncho is suposed to militry spec as long as my head is not bigger then a combat helmet it should fit even my large noggin with no problem what so ever . The matterial seems to be good enough to do the job of keeping you dry but the hood was so small it literally felt like I was wearing a swimming cap . I would not even be able to have the hood on with a beanie , much less a helmet of any size . I 've owned mil-spec ponchos before and the hoods on them were very roomy and definitely large enough to accomidate my large cranium even with a helmet . So unless your looking for a pncho for a 10 year old or a hobbit , pass on this because it will be useless .
 This poncho would be great for ballgames or other outdoor events , but not tough enough for use in the woods.Just not for my purpose.I returned it for a quick refund which was very easy to do.Amazon is great at supplying labels and taking things back without a hassle !!
 the ones i have brea rather easily and dont last as long as they should , however they are really easy to pt on and off quickly
 I set the combo per instructions . Tested it 3 or 4 times to make sure it worked like I got it . Then a little later just before a ride I tried it one more time and it would n't open . One of the dials is really hard to turn , so maybe that 's the cause . For some people it works fine , others it does n't , so just know that you are taking a chance . I 'm returning mine and going for a key lock .
 So I moved into my house and there was this lock left behind . I have the Kryptonite evolution lock -LRB- with a key -RRB- so never bothered to try and use this one . So earlier today I figured why not try and open it just to see if I could . Turns out it was n't very hard . Once you push the little plastic knob the dials will wiggle , well it turns out they only wiggle if it 's the wrong number . So after about half an hour of playing with it I figured out the combo and it popped open . So if your using this in a high traffic area where people will walk by often I would n't see this as a problem , but if it 's going to be locked away somewhere where people could sit and spend some time with it -LRB- even a couple minutes a day -RRB- then I 'd go with a keyed lock instead .
 This lock broke and became effectively useless after two weeks of moderate use , averaging about two locks/unlocks a day.I had the same problem a few other reviewers had
 I hate the idea of adding another key to my key chain , so a combo lock is great . I do n't know why Kryptonite goes to such great lengths to make a secure U lock , but make the opening button so flimsy . It basically fell off after two weeks . So we hot glued it into its little hole , and it stayed for the better part of a month . After that , the button got lost , and the only way to open it is to use something like an awl to push the hole to the side . Useless ... I 'll check out the other combo U locks available ...
 I saw there were some issues with this with the number dial locking . This happened to me but I used a screwdriver and hammer to pop it into motion which worked well and since then the dials rotated ok . I was patient with it but was un-prepared for what was about to come ... The outer plastic protective sheath which rotated to protect the dials swelled and now it wo n't move . I cut into it to relieve some of the tightness and wrestled with the dial again , this time with the release switch . I finally opened it and realized there was spot rust on the steel of the u shaped portion . I mean WTF , this does not seem like a complicated product to engineer and I only had it for like 4 months ! I literally had a GROUP of issues with this product and wonder if I will even be able to release my bike next time I try to . I 'm literally stunned .
 left over night in nyc and found the u bent . bike gone . i was happy with the price and lock until this happened . also , the pad is tough to see in the dark
 Like many other reviewers , I had this lock for only a short period before the release button broke off . By looking in the hole where the button post was it is clear that the attachment point fractured about 2-3mm inside the hole . This makes this lock a bad investment . Fortunately Amazon 's return policy is stellar and I returned it and purchased a keyed lock . Kryptonite needs to go back to the drawing board on this one .
 The release latch for this lock popped off & was lost 2 weeks after buying this lock ... rendering the lock completely useless . Now I have to wait to ship it back to Kryptonite & wait even longer to get a shipped replacement ... all the while not to have a bike lock?Don ' t bother .
 I found that the numbers are hard to change , they are not very smooth . Also it really is not long enough , I would recommend one that is longer , this one hardly fits around the frame and post at the same time .
 Received this lock a couple weeks after I bought it . Worked fine for six days until the black plastic end came loose , leaving the rotating dust guard free to fall off , and then a day later , the sliding release button fell off and was lost while I was riding . Needless to say , I would NOT recommend this lock .
 What a royal pain in my arse . NEVER AGAIN , EVER , will I buy this lock . Biked downtown . tested the lock twice before I left . Locked it . Cam back to ride home . The darn thing would not work , even after trying everything for 30 minutes . I had to take a cab home , get my truck and pick up my bike .
 I had read several bad reviews about the dials not turning/being difficult to turn , etc. , but thought I would give Kryptonite a chance since I had used the brand in the past with good results . I should have listened . The dials are not only difficult to turn , they get stuck easily rendering the piece of crap unusable . I am returning it and buying the bulldog which my girlfriend has and uses with no problems .
 I had this lock for a few weeks and then it worked fine . Then , one day , the combo -LRB- that I 've used for weeks -RRB- would n't work . Somehow , when fussing it a bit when the lock mechanism seized up , the combination had reset itself ! Luckily , it was only two numbers away , so I was able to GUESS the correct combo -- otherwise I would have been left stranded without a working bike lock.Unfortunately , thinking this was a fluke , I continued to use the bike lock under the new combo . Sure enough -- it happened again . This time , the lock was ON my bike and therefore , I was stuck for two hours on a street corner trying to guess which number -LRB- s -RRB- was off . Needless to say , I 'm never using this lock again . It 's obviously VERY poorly manufactured.Also , on numerous occasions , the lock fell out of it 's holder while I was riding . I 'm just regretful that I ever wasted time going back to find it ...
 This lock was a disaster . I only had it 3 months before it `` seized '' up and could n't be opened . Luckily , I noticed that it had become stiff and resisted opening so I tested it off the bike . Once locked it could not be opened . You could feel the mechanism release part way but not enough to undo . If this had happened on the bike , I 'd had had to saw it off somehow . The company replaced promptly with a keyed lock and I 'm content but would warn against buying this combination lock despite theoretical advantage of not having to track the key . I did have to pay shipping to return the defective lock !
 Worked for a week , then my daughter called me from the store , could not unlock her bike . An hour later , after driving to meet her and banging on the lock for 20 minutes , it finally opened . Next step would 've been to cut it off . It 's reckless to sell a lock this bad , if she 'd been on her own the bike would 've been left overnight `` locked up '' by this junky lock . Totally different than the one I 've used successfully for years so Kryptonite must 've outsourced the manufacture . Bad idea . I returned it and switched to a key version , different manfacturer .
 I got the lock . I am unable to set combo after having many people try . It seams cheaply made and the numbers hard to turn . Also the U part of the lock does not feel very thick . DO NOT BUY
 This lock comes with a factory ` 0005 ' combination that the user is supposed to reset before using . After following the instruction to reset it , once I reattached the ` U ' portion to the base I was never able to reopen it . The seller , Seasonal Outfitters , was of no assistance . Kryptonite said it would replace the lock , but while waiting for that I ca n't park my bike , and once I get the replacement I will always be fearful that I will lock my bike with it and be unable to reopen the lock . How sad that such a simple device -LRB- at a premium price -RRB- fails right out of the box .
 Not useful as the factory default combo can not change . I attempted to set the combo to a new one but the change did not take affect . After repeated attempts it seems that the lock is broken . Not recommended .
 I am very unsatisfied with this lock . After about three months of use , the lock `` broke '' , or became ineffective . It began to open when the combination was set to any number making it useless . I sent it in to get a new one per the lifetime warranty , and just received the replacement in the mail . This one does not work well , either . The digit in the thousandths place -LRB- the first of four number dials -RRB- is very difficult to turn . More importantly , I can not even get the lock open after setting it the factory setting of 0005 . So , both locks of this model have not worked.I had originally started buying Kryptonite in college , and thought they were a high quality brand . My opinion of their products has changed , and will no longer purchase their products in the future .
 The bicycle lock I purchased -LRB- Kryptonite Kryptolok Combo Standard Bicycle U-Lock -RRB- was delivered not in a package , but loose . The button on the lock next to the Kryptonite name was n't even on it , it was already locked , and the combination was not given to me nor instructions for how to change the combination . After FINALLY finding the instructions to reset the lock on Kryptonite 's website , I found out that the factory setting for the combination is 0005 . I set it to that combination , but it did n't open , so somebody already changed the combination on the lock . Even if it did work , though , the reset pin key was n't mailed with the lock , either , so I could n't even reset it if I wanted/needed to.I ca n't believe these people -LRB- Warehouse Deals -RRB- are allowed to sell an opened , obviously used product on Amazon . Horrible company .
 I returned this lock after seeing the warning label : WARNING
 The first time I put this lock on my bicycle and went for a ride , I did n't have the combination set and trusted the button to hold it together while I rode . Big mistake , as the U came off and bent the rear derailleur on my new bicycle . OK , that was mostly user error , so I wo n't blame them . After that I made sure that I scrambled the combination every time I put the lock back on my bicycle . Turns out that 's not good enough . I had it locked and stored on my bicycle , and the U fell off again a few months later . I never found it again , and I know you can not trust a lock that unlocks solely with vibrations . Thieves would have no problem getting it open ! If you get this , buy the anti-theft protection , because you will probably need it .
 After about three -LRB- 3 -RRB- weeks of use the plastic latch knob fell off -LRB- while I was riding -RRB- leaving me stranded and unable to use the lock . Maybe I got a bad one , but beware .
 I owned one of these locks for a couple of years when I believe the release button became disengaged from whatever it engages internally . I thought I had placed the lock on it side when transporting the bike , causing it to rub on the combination dial and breaking the release . Fortunately , it was not locked to anything and I was able to grind off the lock . Decided to buy another one as it was assumed to be my fault.Second lock again suffered a broken release mechanism . I suspect the same problem . The release has no resistance as like the first failure . Again , fortunately , it was only locked on the bike . Was able to grind off the hasp.I will not buy this lock again as a failure to open when locked to a stationary object would be very inconvenient , not to mention embarrassing to explain why I was cutting the lock .
 I owned this lock for about 30 days . It was used for four lock - unlock cycles in that time . On its final voyage to the university bike rack , one of the tumblers failed and I could not disengage the lock . I emailed Kryptonite customer service and have yet to receive a response . I had to cut the lock off because I need my bike . Here is the real surprise , it took less than 45 seconds to cut the lock with a decent 24 '' bolt cutter . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.In short this product receives 1 star for three reasons :1 . Lock failed after 4 use cycles2 . Lock is bypassed in 45 seconds with bolt cutters3 . Kryptonite support is poor and potentially non-existant
 I 've had my Kryptonite Kryptolok for under a week and two parts have already broken . The plastic piece that holds the lock on the bike while you are riding fell off my bike into the middle of the street when I went over a bump because the metal pin that holds the two pieces together fell out . Similarly , the button that slides to unlock once the combination is in also fell off because it was not in any way secured . I am very unhappy with this product , as it is virtually unusable because of shoddy parts .
 I was not super impressed with these at all . After a week they started to get flat spots from braking and my son replaced them after about two weeks . If you are buying them for a young person under 9 it should be fine but my son is 13 and all into the stunts and they did n't hold up ... although they looked cool . You get what you pay for .
 The hubs are much larger than shown in the Pic ; They LOOK great ... however , The wheels are Skinned over the hub and the urethane is thin - they came apart easily . So much for a quality wheel_The bearings are ABEC 5 rated_Kryptonics have a more standard wheel that is built as shown .
 I ordered these wheels in CLEAR , Package says CLEAR on it , but product is RED ! The item is packaged in clear plastic , so it is obvious that these wheels are not CLEAR , but RED !
 I understand that there 's not much to this particular item , but if Amazon is going to offer several different colors -LRB- and charge a different price for each -RRB- , the least they can do is provide the color that you order . The package I received has two red wheels in packaging that says ` clear ' . And while I do n't really care what color they are , I 'm sure my 9-year-old will . So do n't pay extra for a specific color because you might not get what you pay for .
 Unlike the picture suggests , these wheels are actually the NEWER version of replacement wheels which have SMALLER rubber width making it very easy to wear off . Just look at the customer uploaded photos of the product and you will see for yourself that the seller false advertised this item . I am very upset that they sold me these wheels .
 After only 30 minutes of riding the braking was causing the wheels to be unstable . Also the wheel was too big to fit into the front spot .
 My son picked these wheels because of the picture . I just received the wheels and what the picture shows is not what I was sent . The wheels I got the center area is not the same . The center of the wheels I received is larger and not as many spokes -LRB- not sure if that is the right word for the center area , but hopefully you get my drift -RRB- The actual rubber part of the wheel is smaller . I 'll keep the wheels I received but be aware that what is pictured is not what you will get .
 these are really soft and ride nice until you use the brake because they get flat spots in them . this happened to me the 2nd day i had them . dont waste your money !
 The product looked to be new and in good condition , however once installing while transporting in the back of my pickup 35 minutes -RRB- it exploded . I had 35psi so I do n't know what happen but I will not be reordering the same product .
 Would love to rate this item but Amazon elected not to ship it due to destination location and then blamed FedEx . Before buying this item from Amazon be sure that they will really deliver . I would n't buy from Amazon again .
 They are a very nice pair of socks , but I ca n't see paying $ 10 for one pair of socks !! I never would buy them again !!
 Personally I think the Russell Athletic Women 's Gym Capri Pant should be known as the Russell Women 's Maternity Pant . I have two options in wearing them - I can either allow the waist band to sit on my waist , unfortunately this means the crotch hangs at around my mid thigh . Or I can pull them up , but I really do n't like pants that sit along my ribs , -LRB- from waist to crotch the pants are 13 inches ! -RRB- The pants have a drawstring which is fairly redundant because the waistband is elasticised . I 'd never wear these to the gym , and even as pyjama pants they 're very unflattering . I like the colour and weight of fabric , but that is all .
 Extremely large and baggy . They are not true to the sizes recommended by the sizing chart . The material is also very thin .
 I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and ordered these XL so I have plenty of room for Tai Chi . Thing is , they really go down to my ankles . I do n't usually wear petite sizes so this was strange . Also , the material is very thin , almost T-shirt thin , like inexpensive pajama bottoms . Had I not ordered them very large , I would have been embarrassed to wear them because they would show * every * * flaw * . As they are so loose on me they drape , as I ordered them , it 's not a huge issue . I wo n't be returning them but chances are I wo n't be ordering any more , either . -LRB- Granted ... they may be really long because they are too big , but I 'm currently wearing a size 14-16 and XL is normally just loose . I 've never had problems this bad with length before . I mean , look at the picture , I should have to go into 2X or so before they get long enough to touch the top of my feet . -RRB-
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 I ordered `` purple '' haze safety glasses ... two pair for my daughter and a co-worker who 's favorite color is purple ! The picture looks purple , but when I received them ... they are blue . I am very disappointed about the color as I really wanted them to be purple , but the quality of the glasses is good . I would send them back , but it 's really not worth the trouble for such a low priced item .
 Hold off buying this product you purchase one pictured to the right and they send you the 1-3 person version , they better correct
 Personally I think the Russell Athletic Women 's Gym Capri Pant should be known as the Russell Women 's Maternity Pant . I have two options in wearing them - I can either allow the waist band to sit on my waist , unfortunately this means the crotch hangs at around my mid thigh . Or I can pull them up , but I really do n't like pants that sit along my ribs , -LRB- from waist to crotch the pants are 13 inches ! -RRB- The pants have a drawstring which is fairly redundant because the waistband is elasticised . I 'd never wear these to the gym , and even as pyjama pants they 're very unflattering . I like the colour and weight of fabric , but that is all .
 Extremely large and baggy . They are not true to the sizes recommended by the sizing chart . The material is also very thin .
 I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and ordered these XL so I have plenty of room for Tai Chi . Thing is , they really go down to my ankles . I do n't usually wear petite sizes so this was strange . Also , the material is very thin , almost T-shirt thin , like inexpensive pajama bottoms . Had I not ordered them very large , I would have been embarrassed to wear them because they would show * every * * flaw * . As they are so loose on me they drape , as I ordered them , it 's not a huge issue . I wo n't be returning them but chances are I wo n't be ordering any more , either . -LRB- Granted ... they may be really long because they are too big , but I 'm currently wearing a size 14-16 and XL is normally just loose . I 've never had problems this bad with length before . I mean , look at the picture , I should have to go into 2X or so before they get long enough to touch the top of my feet . -RRB-
 Personally I think the Russell Athletic Women 's Gym Capri Pant should be known as the Russell Women 's Maternity Pant . I have two options in wearing them - I can either allow the waist band to sit on my waist , unfortunately this means the crotch hangs at around my mid thigh . Or I can pull them up , but I really do n't like pants that sit along my ribs , -LRB- from waist to crotch the pants are 13 inches ! -RRB- The pants have a drawstring which is fairly redundant because the waistband is elasticised . I 'd never wear these to the gym , and even as pyjama pants they 're very unflattering . I like the colour and weight of fabric , but that is all .
 Extremely large and baggy . They are not true to the sizes recommended by the sizing chart . The material is also very thin .
 I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and ordered these XL so I have plenty of room for Tai Chi . Thing is , they really go down to my ankles . I do n't usually wear petite sizes so this was strange . Also , the material is very thin , almost T-shirt thin , like inexpensive pajama bottoms . Had I not ordered them very large , I would have been embarrassed to wear them because they would show * every * * flaw * . As they are so loose on me they drape , as I ordered them , it 's not a huge issue . I wo n't be returning them but chances are I wo n't be ordering any more , either . -LRB- Granted ... they may be really long because they are too big , but I 'm currently wearing a size 14-16 and XL is normally just loose . I 've never had problems this bad with length before . I mean , look at the picture , I should have to go into 2X or so before they get long enough to touch the top of my feet . -RRB-
 Purchase this item in 08 for use for my young daughter . We used it in the summer and it was stored indoors when not used which was not often . This tube was not abused and was used only with the young kids . The tube deflated after less than 2 years -LRB- weekend summer use only -RRB- and I looked to see that it had come apart at the seem . I emailed the company , twice and called them to see if I could get a replacement tube or to purchase a repair kit . I was never contacted . I understand that there is only a year warranty but this was quite a disappointment as we did not cause the problem ... it was a defect . RAVE SPORTS has Very poor customer service ... I email back would have been nice as I needed to purchase another tube and went with another company . Bryan Outboard , Inc through Amazon is great ... we bought the BIG MABLE from them and it arrived in 3 days and their customer service is great as well as being the best price .
 I bought these because I thought they were a good deal for the money . I shot it into my rubber target with my cross bow so I could fire my cross bow after hunting to so I did n't dry fire it . After I pulled it out , I noticed that the tip had bent . So much for that tip .
 This stopwatch sucks . The switches need to be debounced . The switches `` double press '' most of the time so my times are all invalid . Also the mode button should NOT cycle through clock and date set . This POS is getting returned .
 Do n't bother with this watch , buttons do n't work and its impossible to shut the alarm off . The include instructions yield no answers . I had to pull the battery so that it would stop going off at midnight . Absolute junk ! I just threw it in the trash .
 Do not waste your money . Cheap , poorly made , and impossible to work . -LRB- The manual is no hope as the directions do not work . -RRB-
 Maybe someone else can figure this out and get it to work , but I 've wasted more time than is reasonable . It 's going back .
 This is what it says it is . What it does n't say is how flimsy it is . It 'll do until I can find a quality replacement .
 Well i thought the hat was going too come in a box but that was n't the case the hat was in a bag and when i got it it wus bent out of shape and i could n't fix the problem
 Does n't sound at all realistic . Save your money this call is worthless .
 I ordered `` purple '' haze safety glasses ... two pair for my daughter and a co-worker who 's favorite color is purple ! The picture looks purple , but when I received them ... they are blue . I am very disappointed about the color as I really wanted them to be purple , but the quality of the glasses is good . I would send them back , but it 's really not worth the trouble for such a low priced item .
 Extremely large and baggy . They are not true to the sizes recommended by the sizing chart . The material is also very thin .
 I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and ordered these XL so I have plenty of room for Tai Chi . Thing is , they really go down to my ankles . I do n't usually wear petite sizes so this was strange . Also , the material is very thin , almost T-shirt thin , like inexpensive pajama bottoms . Had I not ordered them very large , I would have been embarrassed to wear them because they would show * every * * flaw * . As they are so loose on me they drape , as I ordered them , it 's not a huge issue . I wo n't be returning them but chances are I wo n't be ordering any more , either . -LRB- Granted ... they may be really long because they are too big , but I 'm currently wearing a size 14-16 and XL is normally just loose . I 've never had problems this bad with length before . I mean , look at the picture , I should have to go into 2X or so before they get long enough to touch the top of my feet . -RRB-
 Personally I think the Russell Athletic Women 's Gym Capri Pant should be known as the Russell Women 's Maternity Pant . I have two options in wearing them - I can either allow the waist band to sit on my waist , unfortunately this means the crotch hangs at around my mid thigh . Or I can pull them up , but I really do n't like pants that sit along my ribs , -LRB- from waist to crotch the pants are 13 inches ! -RRB- The pants have a drawstring which is fairly redundant because the waistband is elasticised . I 'd never wear these to the gym , and even as pyjama pants they 're very unflattering . I like the colour and weight of fabric , but that is all .
 Ladies Low Rise Fold-Over Yoga PantI chose to buy these pants based on the good reviews and also there is a good color selection . I also thought the price was reasonable considering its not branded . When I received the 2 pants I ordered , the material was a thin t-shirt material which had spandex . I really think that these pants would not have lasted more than a couple of wearings due to the thinness of the material . Also any color of panty will show through.These pants are made of very cheap material and not worth the $ 28 they cost .
 The fabric for these are very thin , evidenced by them being shipped in an envelope that fits in my mailbox . They also run small . I wear a size 6 in jeans -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' and weigh 138 -RRB- and needed to return the medium and get a large . Due to the thin fabric , they are suitable only for me to wear at home . Unfortunately , this vendor only replaces the item for like items or issues store credit . I wo n't use this vendor again .
 I bought this item for my boyfriend birthday . He was upset with this product because it made from China , as I 'm concerned the original rayban made from Italy or US . I feel that I 'm been cheated . I 'm not recommend it to others .
 I am very dissapointed with this product and very angree !! the announcement says that the product is 100 % original , but when I looked at it carefully I realized that it says MADE IN CHINA !!!! So it is NOT original !!!!! This is what makes people never shop again in the internet , and from now on I do not trust online shopping !
 Just purchased a pair of these shades through Amazon . Well come to find out they were FAKE Ray Ban Aviator Sunglasses . . What a disappointment . . Especially after everyone is always raving about Amazon and the biggest disappointment was that they sell for the original price ... I purchased them here because they had the color that I wanted and Macy 's had ran out ... Please beware - all Ray Ban 's are made in Italy not China like the ones sent to me ... UGH ! Very upsetting ... ***** No star - I had to put one star as it would n't let me send the review without it ****
 This game is not as satisfying as the NBA Live ... I think they need to upgrade this game her a bit more.Only good part about this game is when you 're playing `` My Live '' you get to create a player and play but still got to play under commands . If I had another choice , I would buy the NBA Live or ESPN over this one
 The game was broken when I received it . The case it was in was cracked down the middle and the game would not work .
 Ladies Low Rise Fold-Over Yoga PantI chose to buy these pants based on the good reviews and also there is a good color selection . I also thought the price was reasonable considering its not branded . When I received the 2 pants I ordered , the material was a thin t-shirt material which had spandex . I really think that these pants would not have lasted more than a couple of wearings due to the thinness of the material . Also any color of panty will show through.These pants are made of very cheap material and not worth the $ 28 they cost .
 The fabric for these are very thin , evidenced by them being shipped in an envelope that fits in my mailbox . They also run small . I wear a size 6 in jeans -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' and weigh 138 -RRB- and needed to return the medium and get a large . Due to the thin fabric , they are suitable only for me to wear at home . Unfortunately , this vendor only replaces the item for like items or issues store credit . I wo n't use this vendor again .
 Well i thought the hat was going too come in a box but that was n't the case the hat was in a bag and when i got it it wus bent out of shape and i could n't fix the problem
 The headspace tool should work great . However , the documentation was not clear to me . I got way different readings on 5 different recently fired casings from the same lot of factory ammo . I ended up using a Hornady Lock 'n Load headspace gauge . The freebore tool was a waste of time . Not only was the documentation not clear , but the tool itself was difficult to use . I could n't tighten the nylon sleeve tight enough by hand , so I had to use a pair of pliers . I got two different readings . When I gently pushed the bolt carrier on my AR-15 until it was home & the bolt locked , I got one reading . When I pushed the freebore tool into the chamber by hand , I got a different reading - shorter ! I finally decided to try letting the bolt carrier slam forward normally . When I pulled back on the charging handle , the cartridge would n't eject . I had to use a cleaning rod to eject the tool.Perhaps this will work with a single shot bolt action rifle .
 What a great concept for a towable , really a good idea to be sure ! And it would have been a real winner if only Rave put some quality into the product but that was clearly lacking - quality so poor it deserves a Razzie . From the time we put it to water it lasted less than an hour before both rooster tail skegs came off and the starboard sponson bladder tore and deflated making the tube unsafe to use . Since then , I have gone round and round with Rave 's customer service to no satisfaction and it has been three weeks now ; it sits in my garage , nearly $ 400 of potential summer fun , worthless . My suggestion , steer clear of the Rave brand as one can only assume this level of quality and service pervades the entirety of their offerings . If you do take the risk it is an undeniably stable platform for smaller riders and in the short time it did last , it was a blast ! Caveat Emptor ! -LRB- let the buyer beware -RRB-
 I had to return this product . First of all , it is not made out of clear plastic , it is made out of a terrible shade of bright blue . It also looks very cheaply made . Also , it would not work on my machine , it kept hitting all of the buttons and sliding off . Waste of time .
 I was so excited when I ordered this item but it did not fit properly onto the elliptical and also pressed all the buttons so I had to keep re-setting the workout . I have to return it ! : - -LRB-
 Was VERRRY disappointed when I opened up my package from this order ... . First of all it was not what I had ordered . I was given a USED , BEAT UP , SCRATCHED , product and it was n't even the right color ! The product I received was blue , and I had ordered a clear magazine rack ... Would NOT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER TO ANYONE .
 Description states clear plastic . It arrived and is blue plastic . I did not see any of the blue plastic items when I ordered it . Product completely defies the purpose because you have to lift the book out to read the last few sentences on every page .
 I am very disappointed . Dont Order . Maybe some people actually got the clear plastic book reader as displayed in the photo . What I got was completely different . Yes it is the same shape , the same size , and somewhat useable . But it is NOT what I ordered . It looks like it was formed from a larger white sheet of plastic and mine has the ugly logo all over it . LEXAN SHEET from the company that stamps the larger sheets from which it is made . A Complete misrepresentation of what this company sold me . It is NOT a nice pretty clear piece of plastic , but looks like it was recycled , which would be OK ... but I dont want the `` stamped '' piece . I wont use it or leave it on my nice exercise bike it my very nicely decorated work out room . It is ugly . Dont buy unless you are only looking for function , not something nice looking like the picture . This seller will be on my `` do n't buy '' list as I feel this was a complete misrepresentation of what was sold to me . Even sending it back is insulting . It looks NOTHING like the nice photo in the ad . The only reason it gets one star is because that is the minimum to post a review .
 Ordered 2 of these for Christmas presents . Both in clear plastic wrap . One was fine , the other was filthy and cracked on two different sides . Whoever took it off the shelf should be fired . It certainly could have been wiped down before packing -LRB- no company would attempt to sell an item that filty with dust -RRB- and it was obviously broken long before shipping . You just do n't send items like that to customers . The box it came in was fine and did not cause the damage . The good one was given for Christmas but I had to return the broken one . It was not worth my time or energy or trip to UPS to return that broken merchandise . It should go in the trash where it belongs .
 As far as a football case , it is what it is ... a clear football case . What I dont like about it is that putting the two plastic covers together is almost like trying to solve Rubiks Cube . You have to get it just right for the two to fit together . For the price its not so bad ... I guess once you solve the Cube you dont have a reason to open it again .
 My 7 y/o wanted this for his birthday and evertime it came on a commercial , he just went bonkers thinking it would be so much fun . It worked for a few times and then it would not stay flat . He was so discouraged , he put it in a cabinet and has yet to touch it again . This was a worthless product and a very dissappointing birthday present .
 The advertisement on TV states `` Throw a disk , catch a ball '' . Unless you perfectly time the throw , this does not happen . After 2 hours of trying , my sons -LRB- 5 & 8 -RRB- have given up in tears . We read the instructions and have tried everything but this is a phlop !
 This seemed like a good product however when i went to purchase these targets there was no disclaimer letting me know that it was restricted in the state of Massachusetts . If i am paying for a product that ca n't be shipped it should not be sold . I am an adult and was told by Customer service that because age could not be verified I could not get what I paid for , I would not recommend Sportsmans Guide or if you attempt to buy something through them make sure they will send it to your State of dwelling .
 When I went to purchase it I received a silly email from Sportsman 's Guide telling me it was restricted in Massachusetts ! What is even worse is that this is not even true . There is no law in this state that says you can not sell human targets , it just states that the gun ranges can not allow members to shoot at human targets . For some reason Sportsman 's Guide wants to play police and not send you the product.Definitely can not recommend Sportsman 's Guide for their shallow minded policies that are not even correct . I ended up purchasing them from another vendor that had more business sense .
 Do NOT recommend this product for all Walker Game Ears . These batteries did NOT Fit Walker 's Ultra Ear behind the Ear hearing enhancers even though description said `` Fits all Behind The Ear Models . ''
 Walker 's Game Ear 4-Pack Air Cell Batteries -LRB- Fits all Behind The Ear Models Purchased on 09/13/2011 -RRB- by Walker 's Game Ear . These batteries do NOT fit all models . Different battery model and size , it does not fit the Walker 's Game Ear Ultra Ear Behind-the-Ear Hearing Enhancers -LRB- 2 Pack Purchased on 09/13/2011 -RRB- by Walker 's Game Ear .
 These batteries were recommended to be paired with the Walker Game Ears I purchased as a gift for someone . Unfortunately , these batteries do not fit the product I purchased , and are of no use .
 I am sure these are wonderful batteries but they did not fit the Walkers Game Ear ultra behind the ear hearing enhancers I ordered them for . The description said fits all behind the ear hearing enhancers . Check the device before ordering .
 I ordered these batteries as a companion to the hearing aid I bought and the two items were linked together for sale but the batteries that came with the hearing aid , LR-44 fit but the extra batteries are too small . I need LR-44 1.5 v batteries . The website advertising must be wrong ?? why would they send the wrong batteries as a companion item to something that took different batteries ?
 Rather than being given the correct product , being `` Walker 's Game Ear 4-Pack Air Cell Batteries '' , I was given `` PREMIUM HEARING AID BATTERIES by Liberty Hearing Aids '' . Do not purchase these if you intend to use them with your earpieces . They will not fit . These are a complete waste of a few dollars .
 The batteries were the wrong size for the product I ordered . The labeling said it was for all behind the ear models but were much smaller than required
 Tag Heuer Aquaracer Automatic - forget it - not worth the money . Even if wound and you wear the watch it does not run for more than 8 hours . Was told by the salesperson the reserve is 30 - 40 hours . The watch never continue for that duration . When contacted Tag Heuer customer service , what a joke . I could return the watch for ` repair ' at my expense . Please understand the watch is less than a month old . Talk about a run around from customer service . What ever happed to customer service?Save you hard earned money buy anything besides a Tag - more hype than anything else . You would think Tag would help resolve the issue - nope .
 They item is described as a `` plastic '' Ring Buoy . What they will send you is a musch cheaper styro-foam type . Do n't bother calling their customer care number either , she will just tell you to call Amazon ! Terrible shopping experience !
 Received the item and hung it on my wall , went out and bought some chalk for it , started my game of darts to find out that chalk does n't stick to the stinking boark . It is a completely smooth surface and there is nothing for the chalk to rub off on , the effect is something like trying to write with chalk on a piece of glass , it does n't work well . I painted over it with blackboard paint and now it works but it was a complete waste of time and money . Thanks accudart .
 Sure would be nice to know the dimentions of this thing . And I 'm kind-of curious about the `` Set of 12 '' . If I was to order this , would I really get 12 chalkboards ? Maybe if I was opening up a Dart Bar -LRB- do those exist ? -RRB- . Please describe this item better and I might consider buying it . Ugh .
 I do n't know if this is what the product is supposed to be ... but it 's just a huge chunk of extruded styrofoam . Try using it to roll around and you 'll bruise yourself . Would not recommend at all . Luckily , the vendor replaced my money .
 This foam roller had a flat side on it straight out of the box , which made it useless for rolling out muscles . I returned it for another brand .
 This was a little too large and hard . It was not comfortable like the one we used at the physical therapist 's office and our gym .
 I have another smaller roller and it is way more comfortable . I strongly discourage anyone from buying this ... unless you love pain .
 I read all the positive reviews and gave this product a try . Unfortunately , I experienced the same problem that only one reviewer had
 I purchased this product in March and have used it faithfully since . The heart rate monitor works fine . Unfortunately , this watch is neither water proof nor water resistant . During a swim with my children in a local pool -LRB- max depth 7 feet -RRB- , water leaked into the watch and shorted it out . I plan to return it under warranty , but thought that `` ironmen '' or swimmers should be aware of the difficulty I have expereinced .
 As a serious runner , I bought this watch so that I could see how hard my heart was working during workouts . Apparently my heart just stops because the heart rate monitor frequently just stops working . No heart rate signal . Nothing . I thought a new battery in the chest strap would fix the problem , but it did n't . The monitor will work fine for a while during a workout , then just stops . I am quite disappointed with this watch because this function is one of it 's distinguishing features that sets it apart from other sports watches .
 The watch is fine however the heart monitor works only some of the time . If I had to do this over again , I would not have purchased the item .
 Great watch ... great heartrate monitor.Just do n't expect to use it in the water . I clouded up after only 1 swim . I sent it back to Timex ... they replaced it , but my new one did the same thing only a few week later when I wore underneeth my leather motorcycle jacket on a warm summer day ride when my sweat did the same thing . Chances are ... the button was pushed by my jacket sleeve allowing persperation to leak in .
 I looked forward to using this watch and monitor for my running adventures but as soon as I looked at the blank face of the watch I knew I was going to be disappointed . I returned the item and was reimbursed in an expedient manner .
 I 've had this heart rate monitor for about 8 months now and if it 's not for the fact that I 'm cheap , I would 've tossed it long time ago . The watch itself looks okay , the band is plastic and cheap looking . The main complaint that I have about this watch is the heart rate monitor reliability . More time than not , my heart rate ca n't be picked up . I 've tried every trick in the book , but still have trouble with it . Everytime I put it on , I have to keep my fingers crossed and hope that it will pick up my heart rate , but most of the time it does n't . When it does work , very occasionally , the heart rate is pretty accurate.Just save up some more money and buy a Polar to avoid all this hassel .
 I 've had two of these watches now and I like the product overall , but with some tragic flaws.Pros : - The buttons are well laid out and easy to use while exercising . - Has all of the basic features needed for exercising -LRB- set heart rate ranges , alerts , calorie counting , lap , alarm , timer , etc. -RRB- - Good screen size and readability while exercisingCons
 If you are looking for a more modest , relaxed workout/yoga pant , maybe these would work for you . For me , I found the fit to be baggy in most areas & overall unflattering . I put them on & my butt instantly got flatter & I looked like I gained 10 pounds - um , no thanks ! The description boasts `` maximum compression '' & I think that even if I were to order an extra small -LRB- I am 5 ' 10 '' , about 145 lbs & wear a Medium -RRB- , there would really be no compression at all . Sorry , these are a miss & I returned them . Looking for a true compression pant ? Try the Reebok Women 's Easytone Pant . I have them & love them !! -LRB- see my review on the product page -RRB- .
 I had purchased these pants with the hopes of wearing them for yoga and then able to use them in other instances . The waistband was not a waistband at all - but rather a thin piece of elastic covered by fabric - as opposed to a thicker flattering waistband allowing for easier movement in yoga.The pants also came up very high on my hips , in comparison to many other yoga pants I have had . I was not impressed - and I returned them without incident .
 This watch should have a warning label for rain storms ! If you read the Invicta pitch it says the pro divers have a screw down crown . Not only is this feature missing on the 8934A , the insides are cheap plastic ! I am extremely disappointed with this watch . It 's my second and probably my last unless I can verify a screw down crown and metal internals prior to purchase.Unfortunately I ca n't post pics from the IPad so I 'll try later from the desktop.I was n't expecting a top end time piece but I did expect more . The MSRP tag of $ 275 in the watch box is a total joke . I would n't touch this watch for more than $ 50 . It has the same insides as a cheap New York city fake.Hope this helps you all !
 PURCHASED IN NOVEMBER 2009 . STOPPED WORKING IN JULY 2010 . . RETURNED FOR WARRANTY REPAIR JULY 2010 . SUPPOSEDLY REPAIRED AND RETURNED TO ME 1-5-2011 -LRB- 6 MONTHS -RRB- INVICTA `` CLEANED THE WORKS AND INSTALLED A NEW BATTERY '' AT A COST OF $ 25 `` TO COVER POSTAGE AND HANDLING '' . JUST QUIT AGAIN AFTER ONE DAY . . BUY ANYTHING ELSE BUT AN INVICTA . . REAL TRASH ... !!!! RETURNED FOR SERVICE JAN. 13TH 2011 SINCE IT DID NOT WORK ... JUST RECEIVED BACK 4-6-2011 AND GUESS WHAT ???? FROZE UP AFTER 14 MINUTES AND QUIT ... I GIVE UP !!! I 'LL NEVER HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THIS RIPOFF OUTFIT -LRB- INVICTA -RRB- AGAIN AND ADVISE YOU TO AVOID THEM LIKE THE PLAGUE ... BUY FROM A LEGITIMATE MERCHANT ... . I CANT UNDERSTAND WHY AMAZON.COM WOULD HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THEM ... I 'LL HAVE TO TAKE MY BUSINESS ELSEWHERE ...
 I bought this watch because I had one once before and it worked fine . But this watch worked for one day , and now I have to wind it every 15 minutes or it stops running . I cant believe Amazon.com is selling this watch knowing it has problems . And it seems I 'm not the only one that has a problem with this watch . !! One day out of the box and it 's useless . I know it was a small price but , its a waste of metal !!!
 Ugh ! There are better products at the store so do n't waste your money on this TV product .
 This product does n't worth a penny !!!! It does n't work at all !!! try Sally Hansen Washable Cold Wax . . it 's a similar product , but it works much better than Nads !!!!! Do n't waste your money and time to try it !!!!
 I followed the directions to the letter and the product did n't remove ANY hair . It turns out that I had to microwave the product three times the directed time , only to discover that it cooled down too quickly to be used . By the time I got the VERY HOT container to the bathroom -LRB- 2 seconds time -RRB- , the product had cooled down so dramatically that I could barely stir it with the application stick . After attempting to use it right after pulling it from the microwave , I discovered that it only ripped off flesh and not hair . Not a single hair could be found on the cloth . After these terrible results on my leg , I was n't about to try it anywhere else . It was a complete waste of money.I sent an email to the customer support for Nads , with a request for my money back and they told me they could n't because it was n't meant to be used in cooler climates like in the Midwest . Nevermind that 's no where on the information insert or on the box . I have since reported them to the BBB.If it was possible to give this product less than 1 star , I would .
 I bought Nads and it was a mistake . I had to try it on my eyebrows five times to get four hairs to come off . It somewhat worked on the bikini area , but it was more painful to me than waxing because it tugged more , and it did n't CLEAN the area up like waxing , there were still hairs in the spots I used the Nads . Messy , and unreliable . I tried it because if it worked , would be cheaper than wax , a warmer , new strips ... but it was just a waste .
 I tried nads and found that not only was it messy , and got everwhere , but it also hurt and did not remove my hair . I grew the my hair on my legs for 21/2 weeks before trying it to make sure that it was long enough to work . It did not stick to my hair , but still hurt very badly when I ripped it off . Unless your hair is thick and bushy like a man 's it does not work . I usually dont try stuff off of infomercials , and this is why .
 I tried this product thinking that it would do everything it claimed in the advertisements . I was so WRONG . I tried it on my eyebrows first and it did n't even remove the barely there hair let alone the thicker hair . This product is not worth the money at all . I would rather just go to the salon and get waxed . That way I know that it will get done right .
 My roommate and i collectively purchased some of this stuff a couple years ago . I have one good thing to say about it and MANY bad things . The good thing - somehow it actually worked on my arms , and though i only did it once , they have maintained a lighter , thinner coat of hair since the treatment , and i can actually pick out the 3-4 hairs i missed that first time . Now . On to the bad stuff . 1 -RRB- the stuff did n't work on ANY other part of my body - i think you would have to have 6 hands to efficiently pull the skin taut enough to get it to work on legs etc. 2 -RRB- we were so dissatisfied with the product that we sent it back to nads to claim the promised refund . we NEVER heard from them , NEVER got a real person on the phone , and had to go through the BANK to get our money back from them . You would think they would care about keeping their customers happy , but they obviously knew their product was worthless . We did keep the lotion and the soap - they smelled and felt great , and they were listed as our free gift , and boy did we deserve it . Whether or not this product works for some people , NO ONE should give their money to these decietful evasive THIEVES .
 My roommate and i collectively purchased some of this stuff a couple years ago . I have one good thing to say about it and MANY bad things . The good thing - somehow it actually worked on my arms , and though i only did it once , they have maintained a lighter , thinner coat of hair since the treatment , and i can actually pick out the 3-4 hairs i missed that first time . Now . On to the bad stuff . 1 -RRB- the stuff did n't work on ANY other part of my body - i think you would have to have 6 hands to efficiently pull the skin taut enough to get it to work on legs etc. 2 -RRB- we were so dissatisfied with the product that we sent it back to nads to claim the promised refund . we NEVER heard from them , NEVER got a real person on the phone , and had to go through the BANK to get our money back from them . You would think they would care about keeping their customers happy , but they obviously knew their product was worthless . We did keep the lotion and the soap - they smelled and felt great , and they were listed as our & amp ; quot ; free gift & amp ; quot ; , and boy did we deserve it . Whether or not this product works for some people , NO ONE should give their money to these decietful evasive THIEVES .
 She used it and when she did the first and only removal , her legs had red bruises all over , which last for well over a week.Stay away from this junk .
 I am disappointed that Target even sells such a crappy product . I tried it three times because it always took a little hair and I thought perhaps I would just have to use it more frequently . By the third time -LRB- and mind you this is three times in three days -RRB- , Nads removed a huge chunk of my skin . My roomie at the times informs me that Nads does truly taste good -LRB- as is mentioned in the Aussie girl info-mercial -RRB- , but that it did not remove hair for her either . If you tried the junk , I 'm sorry for your lost time , money , skin , and whatever else . If you are considering buying , do n't waste your money or your time .
 Okay , so ... if you 're looking at this you prolly saw the infomercial with those Aussie gals on a beach waxing eachothers everywhere . Yeah , go join them . Apparently the secret to making this work on the first try is still held in the `` family recipie '' . Yes , it 's not as painful as going to a salon because YOU 'RE NOT REMOVING ALL THE HAIR IN ONE PULL . I 'll stick to shaving and plucking the eyebrows . And if that 's not enough , find somebody who will love you as-is . -LRB- Somehow this works great for my ex 's mom ... but I never thought she was human anyway so maybe that explains her luck -RRB-
 I bought this item with high hopes of easy hair removal , and I was very disappointd . I found the product impossible to use on the bikini area due to the pain involved , and I would n't even use it on my legs ! The only area that I ever used it semi-successfuly was on my eyebrows . I would never buy this product again , and I laugh with my other friends who own this product when we talk about our experiences with it ! The only good thing is that it is virtually odor-free and the after-lotion smells very good !
 My roommate and i collectively purchased some of this stuff a couple years ago . I have one good thing to say about it and MANY bad things . The good thing - somehow it actually worked on my arms , and though i only did it once , they have maintained a lighter , thinner coat of hair since the treatment , and i can actually pick out the 3-4 hairs i missed that first time . Now . On to the bad stuff . 1 -RRB- the stuff did n't work on ANY other part of my body - i think you would have to have 6 hands to efficiently pull the skin taut enough to get it to work on legs etc. 2 -RRB- we were so dissatisfied with the product that we sent it back to nads to claim the promised refund . we NEVER heard from them , NEVER got a real person on the phone , and had to go through the BANK to get our money back from them . You would think they would care about keeping their customers happy , but they obviously knew their product was worthless . We did keep the lotion and the soap - they smelled and felt great , and they were listed as our & amp ; quot ; free gift & amp ; quot ; , and boy did we deserve it . Whether or not this product works for some people , NO ONE should give their money to these decietful evasive THIEVES .
 I purchased the Nad 's Hair Removal Gel to remove hair in my underarm area . I followed the directions carefully but it did n't work at all . It just made my skin all red and irritated .
 O.K. First of all , anytime you pull hair from your body - it 's going to hurt ! Bearing this in mind , I bought this product thinking maybe it would hurt alot less than other products I have tried . I was WRONG ! I think someone should sue them for false advertising . I followed the directions to a T , keeping the skin taut , etc. . Also if you do n't want it to look and feel like a cactus is permanantly in your crotch , DO N'T do your bikini area ! * WARNING * DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME !
 I 'm from Puerto Rico and I 'm naturally hairy . I tried Nads because it claimed to pain-free and all hair removing . This hurt so much I wanted to cry ... and it did n't even remove half of the hair . I would n't recommend this product to anyone . Needless to say , I took it back the next day .
 I purchased this product hoping that it would do what all of the commercials had said . Unfortunately , it did nothing but waste my time and money . I followed the directions exactly and still got minimal results . The process was somewhat easy , yet it is not something that can be done quickly . Also , I was n't able to reuse the strips like the commercials had boasted . I was not able to get any hair off of my legs and it only took off apx . 1/4 of the hair from my bikini area -LRB- which was definately painful and left my skin red and irritated -RRB- . I even tried it a second time with high hopes and saw nothing but a repeat from my previous try . My advise
 As most people , I tried waxing and was disapointed with the results . I saw Nad 's on an infomercial and picked it up , hoping it 'd be better than normal bees wax . The gel only took out hairs which were already loose , and took awhile to use . It hurt a little , but not as much as normal wax . The only good thing about this product is that when you 're done trying to use it , it 's easy to wash off & does n't leave sticky residue .
 As in other reviews , this product is a waste of time , since it does n't remove much hair , you are better off shaving ! It is painful , with what little hair it does remove , you are left with a sticky mess . And do n't bother writing to the company , you will not recieve a reply . MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT !!
 This is one of the worst products I have ever bought . I put the sticky stuff on , and I peeled the stick stuff off and hair was still there , plus it hurt a lot ! Then it got really messy , so I stopped using this . If you 've seen the informercial , you see them eating Nads . That was the only Good thing about this product , it tastes good !
 I was n't expecting a miracle with this product , but I was hoping for something no more painful than professional waxing . After three attempts , I gave up and threw the whole kit away . In order to warm up the wax enough to stick to both the hair and the strip , you must rub firmly , vigorously and REPEATEDLY , causing bruising and pain . And then the strip comes off . OUCH!As someone who has been getting waxed for more than ten years now , I know more than the average gal about tips and tricks for waxing ; however , nothing made this product even remotely bearable . I doubt that a trained aesthetician could make this pain free.As if this were n't bad enough , the results are unreliable and unsatisfactory . I waxed certain patches three times and still could not remove the hair . It took a half an hour to do one leg below the knee -- and still there were patches of hair everywhere!Please , save your time and your money
 Messy , extremely painful , and after all that screaming it left enough hair that I shaved my legs 2 days later -LRB- after the swelling went down -RRB- Those Aussie women must be from tough stock to use this junk on their armpits or bikini lines . Crikey !
 I used Nad 's several times to give it a fair chance . It never actually took the hair off unless it took some skin with it . I would rather shave every day than use this product ever again .
 I bought this product in the hopes that I wouldnt have to be caught in hair shaving hell anymore and it has made me appricate my razor and tweezers all the more . It says it uses your natural body heat to activate the ingredients , well apparently I have no body heat because I found that there was no activation , it says you can use very small amounts over and over ... that statement is false . The only person it ever worked for was a friend of mine who decided to use it on his chest hair . It did work for him needless to say , but I can say after watching him rip the hair off and screaming in agony and watching the tears flow and then his skin bleed from where he tore the strips off turned me off , not only that you get to waste more time while waiting for the strips to dry its very time consuming and painful . I am sure I will never use this product again and neither will he ! I would rather endure the agony of plucking out my hair 's one by one than use this product . I do have to agree with what someone else wrote about the lotion , it does smell very nice . Maybe they should stick to making lotion it would probably amount to one hell of a profit . And to the * large * woman who used the product kudo 's to you for it working , it has nothing to do with being skinny ... its called tollerance for pain and obviously your threshold is high ! So in short this product is not worth the 20 something dollars , it also doesnt even do half the things it states it can do . I was considering buying the eye brow product because its the only place it worked on last time I did use it ... but I think I will find more tactful ways to spend my money !
 It was given to me as a gift and it was awefull . It left me with sticky hair on my legs no matter how taught I pulled the skin !!
 Messy , extremely painful , and after all that screaming it left enough hair that I shaved my legs 2 days later . Those Aussie women must be from tough stock to use this junk on their pits !
 This product does work on some people . I think really skinny people . Of which I am not . I did pull out a chunk of hairs on the one area I could pull really taught and they did n't grow back for months . The rest if my legs sadly just stayed sticky .
 I ca n't believe how anyone can buy this product a second time . There 's nothing special about Nad 's , it 's regular sugar wax that does nothing that the it claims it will do . It hurts like hell ! it 's messy , Lot of Muss and Fuss . There 's nothing special about it , it doesn ' e even remove the hair completely . Bad Bad product . Do n't waste your money on it . Even the one star rating that I had to give it is a lot . It 's worst than that .
 I bought these skates for my 4 year old to take lessons with . I figured even cheap skates would be better than those horrible rentals . They are but not by much . First , I bought 2 sizes bigger than her shoe size -LRB- and one size bigger than the rental skates -RRB- thinking they would last a little longer that way . Thank goodness I did because they just fit ! She wore them for the first time today at lessons and the ankle support of one of the skates has already started to collapse . Part of me is not surprise , but I had hoped they would last longer than one hour of skating !
 I like this belt OK . It looks good . But I needed it to help support carry of a 1911 . It is not a bad belt , it is just not thick or firm enough to carry something heavy . Not good for the purpose for which I bought it .
 Bianchi has been around and is well known for thier gun leather , so I mistakenly thought this belt would be appropriate and provide adequate support for use with a concealed carry , outside the waitband holster . Not so.This belt is made in Mexico . Leather thickness varies from .133 '' to .155 '' . After a month of wear , the belt is sagging and showing areas of ripples and weakened areas in the leather . I 'm not overweight -LRB- waist 33 , 6 ' 1 '' tall -RRB- , so I 'm not putting any undue or unusual stresses on the belt.If you are looking for a belt for utility use , to carry a weapon or other tools that may weigh more than a cell phone - - this ai n't it . Bianchi has outsourced their product and quality .
 The belt seems nice enough . I 'm not sure what qualifies it as a belt to be used for carry . It 's not any heavier than any of the other `` normal '' belts I have -LRB- although it is more expensive -RRB- . As one other reviewer mentioned it is also `` oranger '' than it appears to be on the website . Sizing also appears to be smaller than normal . It 's not awful , but not what I needed , so back it goes .
 Out of the 25 protective cases .4 were ripped off meaning the side were ripped off.Very disappointing . Normally i buy protective cases from the store , I tried amazon because they were cheaper.This is what i get for cheap stuff like this !
 If you are looking for a more modest , relaxed workout/yoga pant , maybe these would work for you . For me , I found the fit to be baggy in most areas & overall unflattering . I put them on & my butt instantly got flatter & I looked like I gained 10 pounds - um , no thanks ! The description boasts `` maximum compression '' & I think that even if I were to order an extra small -LRB- I am 5 ' 10 '' , about 145 lbs & wear a Medium -RRB- , there would really be no compression at all . Sorry , these are a miss & I returned them . Looking for a true compression pant ? Try the Reebok Women 's Easytone Pant . I have them & love them !! -LRB- see my review on the product page -RRB- .
 I had purchased these pants with the hopes of wearing them for yoga and then able to use them in other instances . The waistband was not a waistband at all - but rather a thin piece of elastic covered by fabric - as opposed to a thicker flattering waistband allowing for easier movement in yoga.The pants also came up very high on my hips , in comparison to many other yoga pants I have had . I was not impressed - and I returned them without incident .
 These rings may say `` low '' , but they are quite high . They are higher than the rings that came with my scope , and those were too high . With these rings , the distance from the top of the receiver to the bottom of the scope will be .622 '' . This is OK if you like a chin weld over a cheek weld . Very disappointed .
 This blade was recomended for the saw I purchased , but it does not fit that saw ! Be careful what blade you buy as a replacement .
 SPAM ! Once you buy from NorthernMountain they start sending you spam email . Do n't buy from them unless you like getting spam email .
 A nice , METAL UTG / Leapers sight with red and GREEN dot adjustable aiming can be purchased for just $ 30Simply search for `` Leapers Red dot Sight `` Far SuperiorUTG sight is beast ...
 the scope is totaly off from where it should be aiming and thats not ok cuse when yur getting shot at from all flanks you dont want to have to compesate for some crappy manufacturing.and if you are outside you cant even see it half the timepiece of crap is still a scope and when you dont have iron site so you still have a general idea where youre gon na shootsave some money for a good scope.oh and by the way like picanny and weaver rail and ris stystem and all that crap is the same so buy whatever kind of scope you like and dont be scared for it not fitting
 I bought this knife on vacationin Alaska because I lost my Rapala filet knife . First the knive does not come with any kind of edge . You can not get an edge on it using the sharpener on the bottom of the case . When I did get an edge on it using someone else sharpener it was sharp for about half way through one salmon . This is junk . Do n't waste your time or money . I 'm going to throw mine away and buy another Rapala .
 If you are looking for a more modest , relaxed workout/yoga pant , maybe these would work for you . For me , I found the fit to be baggy in most areas & overall unflattering . I put them on & my butt instantly got flatter & I looked like I gained 10 pounds - um , no thanks ! The description boasts `` maximum compression '' & I think that even if I were to order an extra small -LRB- I am 5 ' 10 '' , about 145 lbs & wear a Medium -RRB- , there would really be no compression at all . Sorry , these are a miss & I returned them . Looking for a true compression pant ? Try the Reebok Women 's Easytone Pant . I have them & love them !! -LRB- see my review on the product page -RRB- .
 I had purchased these pants with the hopes of wearing them for yoga and then able to use them in other instances . The waistband was not a waistband at all - but rather a thin piece of elastic covered by fabric - as opposed to a thicker flattering waistband allowing for easier movement in yoga.The pants also came up very high on my hips , in comparison to many other yoga pants I have had . I was not impressed - and I returned them without incident .
 I have fructose malabsorption and can not have sorbitol , it kills me with pain if I have even a very small amount of it . This product review is not for the product itself , but for the way they advertise no sugar , when it does have sorbitol . Listing ingredients should be a requirement when sugars have been substituted . I wish I could return it , but they do n't take returns either.Thank you !
 After reading quite a few rave reviews about nuun tabs in general , I figured I 'd pick up a mixed flavor pack and see what it 's all about . This is kind of like Alka Selzer , only it leaves little flecks floating around in your water . It 's not a huge problem , just a little unexpected at first . The fizziness is fun and it makes your bottle of water make interesting sounds as the tablet dissolves , plus you could teach your kids or friends a little about the physics of gases in water -LRB- as the tab gets close to fully dissolved , the bubbles forming on it and stuck to it will lift the fragments to the top of the bottle -RRB- , but that 's really all I have to say good about nuun.I assume that , like me , you buy water additives for the flavor . In this , nuun falls quite short . The flavors are so mild as to taste watery , while still somehow managing to put an aftertaste on your tongue that lingers for a few minutes . The pitch about electrolytes is completely useless ; eat a salt pill and drink a sugared drink if you 're actually engaging in significant amounts of long-term exercise that makes you sweat . Otherwise , you do n't need electrolytes . I think I 'd like this more if it were a b-complex multivitamin ; I 'd also forgive the little floaty bits it leaves behind . This probably is n't worth your money unless you just find the taste delicious .
 I guess as a hydration supplement it does what it says . Taste is average . Unfortunately , they have put MSG -LRB- probably listed as `` natural flavoring '' in the ingredients -RRB- . For me , that leads to a migraine headache when combined with exercise . I use CamelBak Elixir with no problems and it tastes pretty good , too .
 Because of a medical condition I am required to drink 3-4 liters of water a day . Due to consuming all of those fluids I have a tendency to get depleted of crucial electrolytes like sodium and potassium . I was looking for something I could keep on hand and drop in a bottle of water whenever I needed a boost . -LRB- I do not drink Gatorade or Powerade because of all the sugar and calories . -RRB- After some researching I came across Nuun which seemed to yield the best overall reviews for an electrolyte drink tab and thought I 'd give them a try ... Well I have tried all the flavors now and not one of them is enjoyable . I generally put a whole tablet in a 500 ml bottle of water and wait for it to dissolve . Sometimes it does not dissolve completely so I have to shake up the bottle a bit . The taste is just not good at all ... really watered down and has a chemical aftertaste . There is also a strange fizzyness that somehow makes the drink even more unpleasant . I also must say I am generally one who is able to tolerate less than palatable things quite well . These simply do not work for me and I have to force myself to get the whole bottle down . The only up side is that the tabs do make a difference - I feel much better overall after having one or two . They even raise my blood pressure a little which has a tendency to be low . My bottom line is that If you are looking for flavor , look elsewhere . I know next time I will . If you are one who can drink anything and only want results then Nuun is for you .
 Tastes like flavored Alka Seltzer . I tried a couple of the different flavors and just disliked them . I 've tried them on 3 occasions and did n't like it . The only time it was moderately passable was when I left it for a couple of days and then tried it.I 'm sticking to G2 .
 While this product contains electrolytes and one would think would be good for hydration , the product also contains SORBITOL , a LAXATIVE . The laxative effect may actually be strong enough to off set the hydration effect and cause DEHYDRATION . This is an ironic product ingredient choice . Do not use this product if sorbitol has a strong laxative effect on you or if you are trying to keep a good electrolyte balance in a person who is ill .
 ** Update ** - They have COMPLETELY changed this product . These are not the goggles I purchased.These goggles are terrible-1 -RRB- They are not meant for airsoft - they are not impact rated and the lens flexes a ridiculous amount .2 -RRB- they arrived in terrible condition - there were threads hanging off all over the place - the strap is disintegrating - IVE NEVER USED THEM !!!!! 3 -RRB- They are actually counterfeit - They have a smith logo on teh frame - I assure you these are not Smith.An absolute waste of $ 13 .
 Camp chef made a boo-boo here . I ordered this carry bag for my Sport grill box bb-60L . The item description outside the box is accurate but the bag itself is about 3 inches shorter of what it 's supposed to be . Initially , I thought it was an isolated error . . but when I received my replacement bag ... It 's still smaller than it 's suppose to be . I 'm returning my second bag and will be going to a local store to pick up a storage bag for my bb-60L .
 Like other reviwers have mentioned , our kit came with only water and food but NO blanket . The water and food does have a long expiration date -LRB- 8/2016 -RRB- though . Even though the blanket is rather cheap -LRB- < $ 1 -RRB- , I am surpised at the lack of QA on the packaging . It would be a problem if people are depending on it during an emergency -LRB- that 's why we buy these kits ? -RRB-
 I just recieved this to upgrade my car kit . The box was damaged in transit , which I did n't think was going to be a problem , but when I opened it up , I discovered that one of the water pouches was empty -LRB- due to the shipping damage ? -RRB- . Then I discovered that the empty pouch was the only one with an extended expiration date
 Item arrived on time , food and water included . Missing space blanket . 2 out of 3 items does n't cut it .
 Contents :2 x `` Space '' blanket6 x 4.225 fl oz water packets2 x 2400 calorie food rationI ordered this kit based on the information provided on Amazon . Though the price and shipping -LRB- Amazon Prime eligible -RRB- were attractive , I am disappointed at the lack of information relative to the contents of the survival kit . The description provides for a `` basic life supplies '' and I feel the contents in this package yield just that - supplies toFirst , the food and water included were manufactured earlier this year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and good till 2016 . Second , the packet includes a vacuum-sealed package of survival food containing 2400 calories . The packet contains six food bars , each providing 400 calories . At 800 calories a day , that 's basic survival for three days . Lastly , the package only contains six 4.225 fl oz packets of water . That 's a little more than 8 fl oz of water per day . Now the instructions on the water packets suggest consuming four 4.225 fl oz packets per day . However , the package does n't include enough water packets to follow the recommended consumption guidelines . Considering that an average adult can loose 80 fl oz of water per day , I do n't think 8 fl oz per day is n't enough to replenish this , especially on a hot summer day or dry winter night.Why 2 stars ? I would have given this item three or more stars if the description listed the daily ration of water and food , if package contained double the quantity , or if the description was changed to reflect survival for 1-2 days at a maximum . Having said that , I think the contents of this packet are sufficient for survival but future purchasers should order two packages per person to have sufficient rations to last three days .
 Overpriced !! You can get this at big 5 for less half of the price ! Junk !
 I know this is a great product but how much is being sold here ? 2-pints or 2-quarts ?
 I bought this scale around January ' 09 '' from midway USA . I consider myself a hobbyist in reloading . I take very good care care of my equipment , from brass to dies . I was in the middle of double checking some powder measures -LRB- 49.5 GNs of IMR 4350 for a win . 270 -RRB- when i woke this scale back up from its auto power off function . When the scale came on it read 02008 and will not let you re-calibrate it at all . The grain and gram button wont work at all and zero button will only show 011 . These are the exact same problems reported on other sites . Even these numbers are the same 02008 and 011 . It was a good scale up to this point . This scale gets good reviews from folks who have had it less than a year , but look around at the reviews of some folks like myself who have had it longer and you 'll find all the complaints / reviews are very similar to mine . This scale has a one year warranty and after that it `` craps '' to bed . I have not yet contacted RCBS but I am told they are telling people that this is a fatal error and that after the one year warranty their hands are tied . For the amount of money they want you to pay for this thing and the cheap a ## warranty I would not buy this product again .
 I bought this scale because RCBS has a good name in the handloading business . I own an RCBS press and dies among other items . The scale is a disapointment . It will not hold zero between throws , and will wander from .1 to .3 of a grain and will need to be re-zeroed constantly while in use . I left it on throughout the night thinking that the circuit need to stabilize and that didnt help . I took in inside where the temperature was warmer and that worked for a while . The scale will hunt for the wieght of the charge . Am going to find a scientific scale that will cost less and be more accurate .
 I have reloaded for years and have always used RCBS equipment . I have wanted an electronic scale for some time but was told the new electronic florescent ballasts were causing some problems with all scales of this type . I was told that this was no longer a problem . I purchased this item , read the directions and plugged it in . The next day I went through the setup and calibration procedure , as I started my reloaded scession I weighted each powder charge , toward the end of 50 rounds I noticed that the negative weight of the powder pan had increased . I then recaliberated and rezeroed the scale and remeasured all of the rounds , I found that I had powder charges up to 6 grains when I needed a 4.5 grain charge . Maximum charge for this load is 5 grains . This happened twice . I have returned this item to RCBS at thier request , I have not gotten it back . I hope I can change my rating then . All the rest of my new RCBS equipment is great .
 My biggest problem with this set was the ball . It was too light . The material the ball was made from was not at all like the tether balls at the schools . I bought it for my children for Christmas and they have played with it only once .
 This tetherball set is made horribly ! We put this up exactly as the directions said -LRB- concrete and all -RRB- and within about 30 min of my sons playing the poles were bending . Do not buy this !
 I was disappointed in this product . It was a great price , but that 's where it stopped . It was extremely hard to put on the paddleboat because it kept popping off . Once we had it secured , we found that it had come off the next day . It does n't seem to have enough elastic to hold onto the boat .
 Bought this cover a while back but withing a few months , material Disintegrated ... Certainly not what i expected from an items that is design to be in an outside warm weather temperature .
 This cover is no good . I bought it because it was suppose to fit a Pelican Pedal boat , however the cover did not fit and the material felt very cheap . I returned the item to Amazon with no issues .
 With the slightest rain or wind , the cover wo n't stay on . This product is only good for a dust cover when the boat is stored inside .
 This cover does stay on pretty well on my Dolphin Sun Slider 5 seater , but its only slightly water resistant and not even remotely waterproof . Basically when it rains , the water pools up in the recessed areas where your feet go , below the seats . The problem is that the water that pools up simply leaks right through , and fills up inside the boat . If it rains heavily , the material simply loses any water resistance and becomes soaking wet like a wet towel . I 'm not talking monsoons that last for days , just a typical rain shower that lasts less than an hour.This cover basically falls under the `` you get what you pay for '' category . If you can store the boat out of the rain , it works well for keeping dirt and debris out of the boat . But if it rains heavily , you will get water inside the boat . I do n't recommend this cover if you want to keep your boat both clean and dry . I 'll be looking for a replacement to this cover .
 Too thin plastic boat cover . I already have several holes by just wind , Learn from how good material used to make my patio and chair covers from Amazon . It must be made chinese cheap good . It is not worth One $ . Cost too much to ship back . If They pay my shipping cost I am great send back for my money back .
 very thin material and did not fit , too small , too late to return . very disappointing
 Very light weight , and not very strong . As I recall it was n't very expensive , so I guess I got my money 's worth , but do n't expect more than one season out of this cover .
 I bought this stove only to realize that you cannont buy gas for it in this country . I went to camping stores to see if any other brands of gas canisters would be compatible with this device and they are not so I have to return this thing .
 Difficult to get to flow , reallllyyyy need to squeeze the bottle to get anything to come out . And the stated `` Tack '' time is way off . 25 seconds ?? more like an hour before you can let go , or pieces will fall apart . Nice citrus smell , but NOT worth the $ $ $ $ $
 Thought it would give my fingers and hands more grip , but it did n't do that.I think this product is for hands and fingers that are sweating , as in when the moisture makes some things hard to hold on to.For dry hands that are slippy , another product will likely be better but I have n't yet found it .
 it looks bigger than the pictures , which is a good thing . it is always better to have extra space than not having it . my only complaint so far is that the shoulder strap is missing .
 i was so pissed when i got this cooler , filled it with ice , and it completely soaked my car seatwhy cant anyone make a soft sided cooler that doesnt leak ?
 Used it for a couple weeks , now it does not ignite anymore.Amazon tells us to ship it to the manufacturing facility , but where the heck can you find it?Not happy ... Don ' t know what to do , I do think that 35 bucks is not cheap for a lighter that looks good bit does not work ...
 Regular lighters will simply blow out in the slightest breeze . This lighter gives a good strong flame that resembles a jet burner which is good , but watch out ! if you keep the lighter on more than 3 seconds the whole unit will get too hot to handle and you will burn yourself . In addition , it runs out of fuel very quickly and also fuel will evaporate out of the unit if left for for more than a couple of weeks . So when you need it most , it will be empty . Disposable lighters do n't evaporate nearly as quickly . What makes this lighter a poor buy , however , is the fact that it has a 2 year warranty ! Only 2 years on a product that is supposed to be bombproof . Well I bought this lighter in 2007 and after very limited use without any abuse or misuse my lighter is not working . I went through a complete troubleshooting algorithm and it still does n't work . A call to customer service at Essential Gear informs me that if the product is out of warranty -LRB- you have to provide a receipt of purchase -RRB- it costs $ 25 to repair it . Most quality outdoor products out there carry lifetime warrantees that do n't even require a purchase receipt . I have returned items to companies like Petzl , Victorinox , Spyderco , and SOG for hassle-free repairs or replacements years after purchase completely gratis . So lesson learned ... avoid expensive products like the Windmill Delta Stormproof lighter unless they carry a lifetime warrantee . Better yet , forget lighters altogether and use matches or a fire steel to start your fires . They are a lot cheaper and more reliable . Anyone out there want a $ 34 paperweight ?
 I loved the lighter when I received it . It worked great . Then it suddenly stopped working . I had the lighter three days and used it only once before it stopped working . I did return it and Amazon did give me a credit on my card .
 I received this lighter and another lighter by the same manufacturer as gifts a while ago . I filled them with premium fuel , as suggested , and they both performed flawlessly under some pretty wet , snowy , and cold conditions -LRB- I did not try them at altitude , however -RRB- . The Windmill Delta soon became my favorite lighter to take on kayak trips.So why the bad review ? My life circumstances changed and I could no longer spend time in the field , so I filled the lighters and placed them in my emergency home disaster kit . They spent the next year just sitting on a shelf in a sealed container . No temperature extremes or rapid movements , etc. . When I checked on them after the first year they both still had plenty of fuel , but would not light , not even click . Nothing.I have not yet sent these back to the mfg. , but I will be very interested to hear what they say , as these are not cheap lighters and , for me at least , they worked great up until I stopped using them on a regular basis.Obviously , these are not meant to be used in critical situations and the lesson learned is mine , but until I find out why they both failed , I 'll have to stand by my 1 star rating .
 I opened the box , filled the lighter , lit it , and watched a 6 inch flame burst out and stay lit for several seconds . This happened about four times , then it all together stopped working . If I needed this to survive , I would be dead . Not to mention , in that time , about 45 % of the butain was spent . In my opinion , I am lucky it did not blow up in my hand ; seriously , this lighter is dangerous . Aweful price , quality , and advertising . The recessed metal `` made in Japan '' lable was not even glued to it when I opened the package . I will never buy this brand again.Why do n't companies test their products ?
 Yesterday was the second time that I used the lighter . When the lighter is lit , it starts to sputter and the flames oges out . Your need to shut down and relight . At the price of this lighter , you would think that this should not be a problem . Very disappointing .
 This thing chugs fuel . I can not understand why because it only generates the smallest of flames . It may not blow out and it may be rugged , but as a camper , I want a lighter that 's going to carry a couple weeks of fuel and can help in wet light scenarios , not something that dies after a few uses and is difficult to use .
 I read another review in which the smoker did not find it worked well lighting his cigars , it works just fine on my Arturo Fuentes 's . I 'd give it 5 stars if it held more fuel.UPDATE
 I 'll start by saying that I love Amazon . This lighter on the other hand is horrendous . Of all of my purchases from Amazon over the years , this is the only one that I truly regret . The lighter seemed nice enough for about three days and then stopped working entirely . I lit the thing less that 7 times and now it fails to light at all . Yes it is full ... Worse , it also leaks when its full . Now I am left with a non-lighting `` lighter '' that hisses butane . This is by no means a survival lighter . It looks mean but is of extremely poor quality . You 're better off with a disposable Bic you 'd get at 7/11 for a $ 1 . Save you 're money . I should have listened to all the other poor reviews ...
 First it would n't fill up with butane.Then it would n't light.When I adjusted the flame and finally got it to light it would n't do so consistently.Then it would n't light when it was cold.As an emergency lighter to start a fire to save your life this is a failure.Buy wind proof matches .
 Works great in high wind but flame width at such a high temp can be felt quickly on thumb while holding down fuel release.Uses up the onboard fuel quickly so if you plan on regular use during a weekend hike . You better bring refill .
 Hello , I recently ordered the Windmill Delta Stormproof Lighter . DO N'T BUY IT . I WOULD GIVE IT 0 STARS IF I COULD ! I am 20 years old , in college , and looking for a decent lighter that would survive camping trips , being thrown into my back pack , and survive a drop or two . I spent hours online searching through reviews for a reliable rugged lighter on many different websites . Eventually I decided on this one . I wish I did n't . I got a bad feeling right when I opened the box . Described as
 I tried to use this in Afghanistan to burn garbage in the field and it was worthless . I ended up using the government issue matches in my MRE.It 's hard to believe someone would build such an expensive lighter just for smokers , but just try using this to light a fire . It 's very difficult , especially at high altitude . A paper matchbook works better .
 Picture makes this thing look substantial . It is in fact quite small . It can be concealed in an average sized fist . In addition , the build quality is lacking . Its mostly plastic , the top hinge is also plastic and feels like it will be the first thing to break . Arrived unfilled - make sure to buy some butane at time of purchase . I think a regular old zippo would have been better for my kit .
 I loved it at first . Showed it off to other people , many of whom bought one . Recently the ` rubber ' cover has started to break apart . It had not had hard use , in fact , little use . It does not get exposed to temp extremes nor physical abuse . Coating just started breaking off . Very dis-satisfied .
 fell apart on me three days after i bought it . made of cheap plastic , comes empty , very difficult to get it to fill , will not fill all the way or even close -LRB- i got it to about half full and it would not fill anymore -RRB- , does not always light on first try , annoying to open , bulky for the size of the actual lighter . save yourself some money and go with a nicer lighter .
 Save your money , this lighter is simply NOT RELIABLE . I purchased this brand new lighter , filled it with expensive ultra-filtered butane and was able to light it exactly three times before it broke . During the third light I heard a pop , the flame went out and now it wo n't relight.I sent mine back for a FULL REFUND . Save your money and definitely do not rely on this lighter for camping or outdoors survival . Although the outer case may be strong , the important part is the durability of the lighters internals , such as the starter and the seals . Judging by my experience , this lighter is neither reliable or durable .
 In all honesty , this is the worst buy that I made from Amazon . The thing got clogged with the recommended fluid it was supposed to take . The look I would rate a 5 star , but the functionality is a zero ` cuz it does n't work . I would never recommend this to someone who is in need of a lighter , never ! A 99 bic is the most reliable lighter that I 've ever used . Within 3 days of arival , I threw it in the garbage . Sorry for the harsh words , but I only write this harshly because someone could have froze to death by trying to start a fire to save their life . Thank god that I did n't actually need this to save my life !
 Received the lighter , filled with premium butane - it lit once and then refused to light . I drained it and tried again . Still no luck . I sent it back to the manufacturer for service/replacment . We 'll see . I 'm not fond of emregency gear that does n't work .
 This product was fabulous for a year , but after 2 refills the valves were shot and it would not light . Not a particularly good value given that .
 this lighter is completely unqualified to be considered a survival lighter . a gas station lighter holds more fuel than this one and the flame is comparable to many of the torch lighters they sell for 2.99 . out of curiosity i filled it completely full of fuel and lit it and ran out of fuel in 60 seconds ! worthless ! by the way , it only lights maybe 50 percent of the time on the first try .
 I have had 3 of these . They work great for about 2 years and then fall apart.They will repair the lighter if there is proof of a `` manufacturer defect '' and proof of purchase . But , you must send it to them and include a check for $ 20 for the repair . Bummer .
 This lighter is junk ! Do n't waste your money . Especially the high end money of this lighter . I purchased this lighter to be a part of my emergency preparedness kit . When I received it , unfortunatlly , I did not open it and try it right away . Big mistake ! After several months , and after receiving some of the other survival items that I ordered for my kit , I got around to opening the thing to try it out . I purchased the Vector quadruple filtered butane for it also . I followed the directions , filled the lighter , waited ten min . for the fluid to warm to room temp . Pushed down on the ignition part way so the fuel would flow , then all the way down . The flame started but stopped immediatly , twice . Then I was never again able to get it to light again . And now because I waited so long to try it , the return date has passed , and I will not get a full refund . Plus I will have had to not only pay the shipping to receive it , but also to send it back ! Very dissapointed in this product . The only other thing it could be , would be the Vector quintuplus butane that I also purchased from Amazon . Highly unlikely .
 It is a torch , so it is windproof . This is a lighter I took great care of , showed off since it 's pretty expensive for a lighter . I used only the best quintuple-refined fuel and NEVER had a problem with lighting or it going out pre-maturely . If I would have wrote this review a few weeks ago it would have been 5 stars -LRB- I loved it ! -RRB- Now it does n't light . Ever . I did n't even drop it and was n't rough with it . -LRB- Although it 's built to take a beating -RRB-
 The hinge is made of plastic , it breaks so easily.I can still keep it closed , with that metal hook thingy , hopefully it will stay shut and dry , when god decides to flood the Earth again .
 This lighter is junk . Never was able to get it working . Waste of money and time . Just get a zippo instead . Worst thing I ever bought off amazon .
 I bought one , used it for about 3 - months , and it stopped firing . I thought it was something I did so I bought -LRB- 2 -RRB- more -LRB- Not real smart ! -RRB- . Only one worked out of the package and the other one does not shut-off automatically . I got the other to work infrequently . I am part of a Search & Rescue group and had plans to make this part of our standard equipment . NOT !!!
 I bought this lighter for emergency use . I also filled it with triple refined butane , and it worked for about 1 minute . IT SUCKS ... dont buy this , it is a piece of junk and a total ripp off . Amazon should take it off their site . Iam warning any buyers , this is the truth it does not work .
 I have now recieved 2 of these lighers both failed within a day . I used the premium butane they recommeded , but the lighers only light a few times then failed to light . You would be better off with a disposable ligher .
 This lighter is of very poor quality . It broke within 2 minutes of first use .
 Right out of the box I could not get it to work . I tried every configuration and adjustment . At it best it puffs and goes out like the candle on a birthday cake . Poof . It does make a good paper weight .
 Bought this based the the reviews . Excited about getting it . Filled it up with suggested fuel . Great strong flame a first . Then after a few hours , nothing . I read on some of the other review sites of the same issues . Very disappointed
 I got his for Christmas . We filled it with the recommended fuel , and it lit right up . After that , it would not give a flame . After reading all the limitations for temperature and altitude that it has on the packaging , it seems this is not really a survival lighter , just a really cool looking refillable Bic . But mine does n't work , so the Bic has it beat .
 I have been purchasing these lighters for years , have bought a few for friends - but the last two I purchased were very poorly made - one lasted two weeks the other lasted six weeks . And Amazon wants me to spend money to return them - poor service from the vendor and from Amazon .
 If you buy this lighter you have a chance that it wo n't be working after a month of usage . I had 2 . I have a barely working black one and had to return the green colored one since it never ever had a flame come out of it . A lighter at this price level should last for years . But not to even work at all is criminal . Windmill sucks just like the Brunton Stormproof lighters do as well . Although I would choose this over Brunton . Why ca n't companies keep abreast of their products and use them from time to time . Do n't waste your time . Who needs the hassle of return shipping . Stay away or you 'll be asking for disappointment .
 This lighter worked perfectly when it first arrived but started to break down quickly . After a month the plastic cap separated from the frame . A week later it stopped sparking . This was disappointing given that the lighter was never dropped or mistreated.I also found its design small and cumbersome for single handed operation , especially for those of us with large hands . Complicating matters is a latch across the top that must be released manually before you can trigger the cap and expose the ignition switch . Basically , three actions to get the flame going.I 'm still looking for the perfect windproof torch .
 I 'm sure some of these do work and work well . Parts of the lighter are well built , but some critical parts are n't . Then again , that 's the problem really , that only some of them may work well . Overall I rate this a one star because the product 's features do n't fit together well , nor do they match the claims . Parts of the lighter are well made and parts are the cheapest construction possible . Obsolesence is built into this product is my guess , and that causes premature failures.Anyway , I got one of the non-functioning units and took some time to discover just what the problem was . What I came across was low quality construction leading to multiple malfunctions -LRB- element and delivery mechanisms -RRB- . It did work , but just a little . I used 5 times filtered butane -LRB- no cheap stuff -RRB- . After a couple uses it just died a slow death.This lighter looks to be mostly a gimmic , not a daily-use or robustly useful tool .
 Bought this lighter new for backcountry backpacking emergencies . I tested it at lower altitudes before my backpacking trip and it worked fine . Last weekend far back in the mountains at 11,500 ' this new lighter did not work when I needed it -- the piezo element was either defective or broken . Fortunately , I had backup storm matches . Otherwise I would have been completely out of luck . This piece of kit will never find its way into my backpack again . It is unreliable , and expensive to boot . I would have been better off with a Zippo lighter .
 I never was able to use these goggles . The first time I tried to put them on over my helmet , the strap broke out of its hinge . The strap was wasy to small to fit over the helmet no matter how I adjusted it . I 'll probably end up buying another strap as expensive as the goggles .
 These googles are cheaply made . The seams feel sticky - like the glue was not put in place right . The foam is cheap and airy . I doubt these will last more than an hour in action .
 The Hott Wash Portable Water Heater is a great idea but very poorly executed . I do n't know why the manufacturer could n't have made it a little easier to use this thing . First off - disregard the statement that once you plug the unit in you will have hot water in 15 - 20 minutes . It is more like an hour , if you can even figure out how to get the thing to work . The off/on light is barely visible when it is on so it is next to impossible to tell if you even have it working correctly . In the past three years I 've been able to get this thing to produce hot water maybe twice . My husband contacted the manufacturer about getting anothe part because he thought it was faulty and they were very good to work with - but the instructions are next to impossible to even follow ! It just ca n't be that hard to put together a simple set of instructions ! I am perfectly ready to admit that some of the problems are entirely due to operator error but please - just give me a set of instructions to follow !!
 i got this as a gift for my friend at the job cause shes a big pats fan . she loves it doe ...
 I ordered two Patriot retractable badge holders and received two Patriot keychains . I have n't contacted the company yet due to time restrictions . Not sure how to proceed .
 With severe allergies I was recommended one of these masks and believed that they came with the filters as pictured and as several reviewers have mentioned . When I received the item -LRB- later than was the projected delivery date -RRB- no filters were in the package . Only the plastic mask piece itself . I was rather disappointed .
 I received the mask but no filters.I am disappointed that I can not get the filters and that my only option is to return the mask.Definitely not good buy or good options for a resolution .
 I got the mask with no filters and the only option they give you is to return the mask instead of simply sending the filters , bad service , bad solutions , I would not order from this store again .
 I wore this mask for under ten minutes and the chemical stench I was breathing in from the filter material was overwhelming . I still felt the effects long after removing the mask . I feel like I 've been poisoned . Yet another new way for companies to screw people over : -LRB-
 The swing sock -- like other golf club weights -- is used to smooth your swing and help make it more accurate.Unfortunately , the sock will only fit on regular irons -- not on drivers or hybrids . Because it only fits on the head , you do not have the flexibility to put the weight on different parts of your club for a variety of exercises.It works for what it does -- adds weight to the club head of some clubs . However , there are other products that can do that and also fit on all your clubs and put the weight in various spots for warming up and improving smoothness and accuracy . The extra price is worth it for the flexibility and usefulness that you do n't get with the Swing Sock .
 I 've used this ball for a few years now both in pick up short sided games and competitive 11 aside games . It has a good overall feel and comes off the foot very well . I play with a group of guys twice a week and we 've been using these balls since the first time we played with them . On the 11 v 11 team this ball is almost always chosen as the game ball . Sure there are better balls out there , like the Adidas World Cup/Euro ball but they cost much more . This is a great ball for pickup or amateur league games especially for around $ 40 . Update 5/4/2010
 I 'd purchased three of these balls in February , 2010 and within a six weeks period all three balls gone flat . The touch and feel of the ball was excellent but it would not hold air/pressure . I would say customer service was great , but not so much for the ball quality .
 I replaced my original AFI below deck horn on our Cobalt with the Phase II hoping it would be louder and have a less embarrassing tone . The new horn is no improvement . The tone is very high pitched . It does n't sound any louder than the original . It sounds like something that should be on a kid 's bike , not a boat .
 Please let me know where I can find a left handed swing sock ? I have three left handed friends and I want to give a sock to each one for Christmas
 The kids loved it ... until the seam blew out ... no way to fix it . Lasted a few days . Very sad kids .
 My daughter loves Rocky !! She was so excited when she received this Rocky Bop Bag . The excitement ended when the bag would barely stand up and developed a major leak after only a few uses . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this for my nephew . It does not hold air . Deflates soon after blowing up .
 I did not like the Stabilicers because of the fit . The medium size was too large for a size 91/2 boot , and I had to really cinch down on the straps , thus risk cutting off foot circulation . I returned these and reordered the rubber slip-ons -LRB- size medium -RRB- and have been very pleased with them since .
 This tape was WAY too short . I re-wrapped half the bar as thinly as possible and it still barely made it to the middle of the top bar . With it spread thin like that , there was virtually no padding . Sure , you can get a pretty unique color with the Deda tape if that 's what you 're looking for , but you 'll sacrifice pretty much everything else.Headed out to my LBS for some trusty cork tape after finishing this review .
 Getting this in the mail was a huge disappointment . The picture is VERY misleading ! It is not dark , royal purple AT ALL . It 's very lavender . I 'll deal with it because I needed to replace my old tape , but I might purposely wear this one out faster ... I look girly , not badass .
 I just put this tape on my wife 's road bike . I 've used various brands and have put tape on bars many times-usually with enough left over to leave a few inches to trim off . This was the shortest bar tape I 've ever seen . I had to re-wrap three times on the first side to barely stretch it to the end . If I were going to put get pads under for comfort I 'd have had to purchase a second box to cover the whole bar.Although they are very nice , very well made and I 'm keeping mine I would not recommend them because they are too short .
 On my Rock River AR this made no difference at all . It shoots 1 moa with or without this installed . And in some positions it made the groups spread to 11/2 moa .
 Not sure . Two stars = benefit of the doubt . Snake oil ? Maybe . Ever notice how you never see competition/match grade rifles with this kind of crap on them ? ` Nuff said.I 'll keep trying it on different rifles . When I see the manufacturers claims come through the clouds clear as day , I 'll come back and praise Amazon for the Limbsaver brand . Until then , I think I 'm done buying useless hunks of rubber to make myself think my gun is more accurate .
 I 've purchased jerseys before , and on sale for less than $ 85 . This jersey looks like a $ 15 fake . The letters/numbers are ironed in , not sewn on . I am returning it tomorrow , when the post office opens -LRB- at my expense -RRB- ! They do n't even supply a return UPS label.Reebok Baltimore Ravens Terrell Suggs Replica Jersey
 This a smaller novelty version of a clap board . I use it with my younger family members when I film there school projects . Ca n't be clapped at full strength as it will most likely fall apart .
 This is exactly what it is supposed to be . A small replica of a Scene Clapper . The wood is frail and the glue does not hold well , it was broken in the package and we had to glue it for our photos.The seller is awesome however !
 Part of the clacker with stripes was broken off . I had to ht glue gun it back on . Then , after usage by my students , the screw part came undone . Had to hammer the screw the nut would n't come off . It works now . I had to tell my students not to clack it so hard but it 's functional .
 I received this cap without any protective wrapping . Cap looks used , old and got dirty .
 What am I supposed to do with a little brass hammer and some empty bottles ? At least the wooden box is nice . Did n't expect much for $ 8 .
 Just what everyone was saying here , the oil bottle emptied into the box destroying the contents . I figured let me give it a shot and so I bought it for a friend for Xmas . I am glad I opened and checked it out before hand . This has been an issue with your stuff for like 2 years ! Just open the box and tighten the cap for pete sake !! That is the only issue !! Other then oil soaked everything else was there .
 The oil bottle arrived empty , the pegs were missing , and there were no instructions . Sent it back . If anyone can suggest a substitute kit , please post it .
 Oil was saturated on the directions ... the lid was ovbiously not on tightly , thus having no oil in the bottle .
 When I opened my kit for the first time the sword oil container was open and the oil had spilled all over everything inside . Company should make a better oil container . Not going to return such a low price product . Shipping would be more trouble than it 's worth .
 everythings pretty cool but the thing is the oil spilled everywhere and it was all over me they need to tighten it more
 I personally did not like this very much , for one it did not come with the replacement pegs as stated and the box itself was not from even the stated manufacturer . The bottle of clove oil that came with it was leaking and had lost about 33 % of its original volume , but everything else was fine . This product itself was alright , but be wary , you get what you pay for .
 Ok maybe this is a stupid thing , but this kit do n't include a manual or a simple instructions for clean your swords and katanas . Include differents elements but i really do n't know how use it . For example , the hammer is for what?I was looking for information in the seller website and nothing there too.Just 2 stars for something elemental and basically like is a manual/instructions .
 I was certain that after all the reviews pointing out problems with the packaging -LRB- some dating quite a way back -RRB- that this would surely have been addressed by now.Wrong . The oil bottle 's cap was completely off the bottle , the bottle was empty , and the rest of the kit 's contents were completely oil-soaked . This counts as ridiculous .
 kit includes everything as noted , however , be aware that the oil included in this kit is not choji oil but some amber liquid which seems like a light machine oil . i do n't feel comfortable using the oil in this kit ; also the mekuginuki seems poorly made -LRB- brass is unevenly polished but more importantly , it feels a bit loose and requires very regular tightening -RRB- . if these two issues are not too important to your maintenance/cleaning , then this kit should be adequate .
 I was so disappointed in the item . As a gift for a japanese sword enthusiast , I thought this would be perfect . But when it was opened , the oil bottle -LRB- very cheap plastic -RRB- had leaked thoughout the box and onto everything . This rendered the whole thing worthless . I 've learned my lesson , wo n't buy that again .
 * DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT * DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT * DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT * The kit is kinda cheap but what do u expect for this price ? the main issue I had was that the cap on the mineral oil was NOT tightly screwed on so the oil spilled all in the box and got everything messed up . Paper , uchiko , and everything else was covered in mineral oil . Please do NOT waste your money like I did !!!
 We bought two of these to use for emergency/natural disaster kits , so hopefully we 'll never actually have to use them . The bag seems pretty sturdy from first inspection and it 's nice and roomy with lots of pockets.The only problem I can see so far is that the bags stunk to high heck out of the box . It 's a moldy smell with a hint of plastic/chemicals that literally made me feel sick . I left them in a room for 5 minutes and it stunk up the whole place . Right now they 're airing out outside so hopefully that 's enough to solve the problem.UPDATE
 This book bag is good at first ... . the first day of school was fine ... but the second day after my friend pat my back the bag ripped at the top ... such a nice way of spending 25 bucks
 I wanted this to hold a CD player while walking the dog and thought that , with the given dimensions , it would work , but it is tiny ! Returned to Amazon .
 I thought after reading other reviews this would be a good pack to carry my iPhone while running . Boy was I wrong ! While it fits my iPhone just fine -LRB- could n't get anything else in it though -RRB- it would not stay secure on my waist and continued to bounce around constantly . I kept having to stop running and push it back down to secure it near my hips and then when I began to run again it became dislodged and bounced up around my chest . It was so annoying that I finally took the thing off and carried it in my hand for the rest of my run . One of the problems is that the straps are not elastic and I think this contributes to the problem . I gave it two stars because it is pretty .
 I have to qualify this review with the fact that I 'm not a runner . I bought it to carry my wallet , balance bar , and cell while I ride my bike . I wo n't do that . Only the cell and the balance bar fit . The usable space inside is about the size a wallet . There was a larger version available and I wish I 'd purchased that one . I think it would have done the job . It is lightweight and well assembled though the mess on the outside pocket seems thin though it never broke when my cell antenna was pushing against it .
 I 've owned many expensive pairs of sunglasses in the past . New , these glasses were good . They are comfortable , worked well in bright sunlight and are light enough to wear for long periods of time . Then one day I picked them up and noticed tiny marks on the lens . I thought they were just dirty but after cleaning with the included soft cloth , realized this was not the case . No big deal , I can live with some tiny marks but had no clue as to how they were marked because they were not dropped and were always kept in the case . Then I dropped them from my face into a thick patch of grass . I was shocked by the amount of damage to the lens . It looked like I had cleaned them with sand paper . I contacted Serengeti to order new lens . They would not sell me new lens just a new pair at a slightly discounted rate and the amount you pay is dependent on what damage is done to the glasses . I refused the offer . Then I had put the glasses down on a hockey bag and picked them back up and there was more damage to them than before . Lesson learned , I will not be going back to this brand . The durability is terrible and I do n't like the fact that they choose not to sell you parts for your glasses because it 's an opportunity for them to squeeze more money out of you .
 DO not reccommend unless you plan to wear a t shirt or some kind of undershirt with this polo . : - -LRB-
 Absolutly worthless sizing information ! I mean , really ! Sm , Med Lrg , are you kidding me , I have a skinny 11 year old , are we talking women sizes or girls and what is the standard for any sizes . Done with Amazon clothing searches .
 I purchases a Medicus Driver and 7 iron a few months back . Recently I hit a ball -LRB- at about 50 % -RRB- on the range with my 7 iron and the head snapped off and flew out on to the range . After contacting Medicus twice via email with no response I was beginning to see that I might be in trouble . I contaced Mecdicus by phone today and they told me I was completely out of luck . This company DOES NOT stand by their products . Buyer Beware !!
 I have this same exact sword from the same company , it is cheaply made and if you want to so much as take it off the wall and swing it around a couple times just for laughs , watch out because the blade comes loose in the hilt where it twists , and do n't put it back in the sheath with anything more than feather force or the end cap on the sheath will fall off . Definitely not a 40 , or even 25 dollar sword .
 I bought two boxes of these from my local store and about 2/3 had small to medium sized dimples and of those 2/3rd 's 1/4 had very large dimples . Also , a few of the paintballs in each bad were very small almost like a .60 or .55 . They were defiantly not .68 's . I just tossed those out but if I had not noticed that those shots would have been terrible . None of the paint broke in the barrel of both guns I tried them with so as far as the shell it 's not too bad , but I did have some issues with bounces . As far as the accuracy I tried it first with my impulse and it was pretty bad because of the dimples the balls arched left and right and only a few actually went straight . When I used my tm 15 I just turned it on full auto and the accuracy still was terrible but quantity made up for the bad quality . I will try a box or two of these again from another store , but if those have as bad of dimple problems as these two boxes did I will stick with another brand . Best word of advice is if you 're going to buy these just open up the box in the store and see how bad they are . If they are n't dimpled I would give them a 3/5 or so because they are only $ 12 for 500 and $ 22 for 1000 and I know there are a lot worse paintballs out there .
 We ordered this for our son because a full size table is too big for now . The first one came in and there were screws out of it but in the package . We could n't even screw some back in because the holes were stripped to the screw would n't get tight . The particle board/wood on another one was broken and one half of the table sat a little higher up than the other -LRB- it also came with the lines outlining the field scratched off in many places -RRB- . I realize this is n't that expensive of a table but being made in China , I did n't expect much quality and got what I expected . As for playing on it , that part is fun if you can get by the fact it 's built like a piece of garbage . Sent two of the three back . I would not recommend getting this if I were you.IF YOU DO WHAT I DID AND HOPE FOR A GOOD ONE , ONCE YOU GET ONE THAT LOOKS DECENT IT IS FUN TO PLAY . Also , noticed we got it through AMAZON as the seller for $ 99 with free shipping . Now , it 's through a 3rd party for a much higher price , $ 149.99 -LRB- and probably not free shipping -RRB- .
 I read the poor reviews before I purchased , but decided I would order anyway . I just wanted something I could play with my kids on occasion . No real need for top quality.When I received and opened the -LRB- undamaged -RRB- box , there were screws everywhere , loose in the box . At first I thought I would just get a screwdriver and put the screws back in and tighten them . The problem is the screws had been stripped out of the pressboard base of the table . There was no way to get the screws to tighten.I am making do with it as is . The hassle of returning for refund or replacement is just something I do n't have time for.Bottom line , the workmanship and quality as delivered is horrible .
 I purchased this table , with a 50/50 chance of getting a decent one , reading previous reviews . Upon arrival , this table never really opened totally straight , and after closing it and reopening it 2 more times , it became apparent that this would be in issue in trying to play ping pong on it . we returned it and will purchase a better quality one soon !
 The item when received was damaged on each corner of the fiber board . I probably could have delt with that but the construction was very poor . The screws were very small with no depth and coming loose as some where already loose in the box . The table is so small that only small children can play on this table . I returned the table . Would not recommend this purchase to anyone .
 Just as another buyer mentioned , as soon as I opened the box screws and washers flew out all over the place . I attempted to simply screw the loose tabletop into the base myself but it was impossible because the screws were stripped . One side of the table was also bent and there were several scratches on the table top as well . I highly suggest not wasting your money on this table . Mine was just shipped back , and I 'm currently awaiting a refund . Also , it took a week langer to get to me than it should have .
 I ordered this product and was emailed back hours later saying that it was back ordered and that my money would not be returned for 2-3 business days . This is ridiculous and disappointing , and I will not buy from here again .
 Do not buy this item . It is garbage . Not even close in terms of quality - not to mention it is crooked . The balls and paddles are fake . I think this company relies on the fact that it is large and very difficult to ship back for refund . Amazon should not sell such junk . Stay away .
 The picture shows a very fine lined white wall tire , the ones I received were not of the same quality . The white wall oscilates up and down around the circumference of the tire making it look of very poor quality . I ended up doing a custom vogue tire so it really did n't matter , but if you 're looking for good quality , keep searching unless you 're willing to either sand off the excess around the tires or modify them in some way .
 These clips do not fit tight enough on the flag pole . As a result the two clips do not stay apart causing the flag to bunch up .
 I was highly disappointed in this product . It is labeled as a thin padded sliding short . Please show me where the padding is , because all I see is a double layer of fabric over the hip and outside thigh area . My daughter is a highly competitive player on both travel teams and high school varsity . These shorts would offer no protection in sliding circumstances . However , she loved how they fit and felt ; they are very comfortable . As a compression short , I would rate them very high , a definite A + . Unfortunately , we need padded sliding shorts that offer protection to a player . These do n't fit that bill , due to the lack of good padding .
 I received this from the seller : '' Hello From Sword Demon , The product number UC 1121 matches the product information that we have for you on file . Concerning the issue with the Rune etched blade , we did not know how the image was misleading . Perhaps there was a part number merge of our listings on Amazon , or the original path was incorrect . We will try to find out were the problems is and correct it so nobody else will experience this problem . Unfortunately we sent you the last one we had in stock and this item is no longer available . Sorry for the inconvenience and disappointment.The best we could offer you would be a refund on your order . You can send the sword to ... Sword Demon509 Hickory Ridge Trl . Ste 110Woodstock , GA 30188Sword Demon `` I do not have any more to tell
 This ball is so small that an infant could throw it . Please do n't try to buy it for your toddler , the thing is just not worth it.disappointed ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 GOES FLAT QUICKLY . Too bad because it 's a cute ball , fits little hands well , and the texture makes it easy to grasp . But a ball is not a ball if it become s a deflated piece of rubber .
 A nice looking watch except for the fact that the writing at the bottom of the face os crooked , which spoils the appearance and it 's hard to set because there 's not enough friction in the stem . The slightest movement while holding the watch with the stem pulled out causes the minute hand to move making it hard to get it aligned with the minute marker . Plus , for a quartz watch , it slows down about a minute a week.I 'm thinking it is either defective or they are selling factory seconds .
 This is a nice men 's watch , but quite small . It 's good looking , and a great price on Amazon , but it stopped working after about a day . The mechanism is obviously inexpensive , and I think the crown simply did n't seat properly . -LRB- The crown is NOT screw down , as noted in earlier reviews -RRB- . The good news is that , as usual , it was easy to return via Amazon . I got a slightly more expensive watch from Invicta to replace this one . The new watch is really BIG , and I 'll review it separately .
 I 've had two pair of these , while optically they are good , the rubber ear piece hardens and crumbleafter being left in the car in the summar . I had to replace them twice in a year . The lenses chipeasily at the corner by the hinge . especilly if are flexed to adjust curviture . Or ear pieces openedtoo wide . Not very durable .
 I bought this for my wife . I liked the look and styling of the watch . However , I bought it for her to use the bezel to time her exercise . I had a heck of a time turning the bezel . Also , the seconds hand was not aligned well with the seconds ticks around the dial - did not like that as well . I sent it in for warranty repair and it was returned with both items not repaired . I guess this level of quality was found to be normal for this watch .
 Bought this watch as a present for my girlfriend Dec 2009 . I know was n't buying a Rolex but I did expect it to last at least a few months or gasp , at least 1 year ! 6 months on the dot , the bezel falls off . We did n't even notice until later as it was n't dropped or bumped against anything , it just fell off . Shoddy manufacturing I guess . As usual I guess for these types of companies , nothing is actually covered under the warranty so the bezel will need to fixed at an extra charge , in addition to the shipping and handling fees , which come out of the customer 's pocket . All in all , it will require 50 % of the purchase price just to get this fixed as the warranty does not cover anything . Stay away from Invicta watches , you 're better off buying a 10 $ Timex from your corner store . Heck , you 're better off buying with a dollar store watch in terms of value for the money !
 I collect watches . Of all the watches I own , this is my absolute least favorite . In fact , I guess I do n't technically own it now since I loaned it to a friend because she needed a waterproof watch , and I have n't gotten it back . I 'm not terribly upset at all.Positive
 I just noticed this weekend that the pin that holds the saftey clasp has a broken end , meaning it could fall out at any time and render the clasp useless . I will update this review as I go through the customer service process with Invicta . Screw their warranty , I 'm not paying $ 25 for them to fix a pin , I simply want to return my watch and wash my hands of Invicta -LRB- see below -RRB- . On a side note , the 8932 -LRB- men 's version -RRB- did n't survive being worn in the shower the first month . No moisture was seen inside the dial , but at almost one month after receiving it , the watch simply stopped working . Fortunately Amazon took it back .
 When we '' tried '' to put the line on our trolling rods/reels penn 301s . I use this term loosely , it did nothing but curl , bind and create birds nest . Usually this brand is one of the best . I feel that it was n't the brand , but was old line . Maybe sitting on the shelf for too long causing the irreversible twist that could not be forgotten
 I guess I 'm stuck with this -- it 's too expensive to ship it back.I assumed this was a PAIR of weights totalling 20 lbs . Every other `` ankle weight , '' including the last 2 pairs I bought , came in a pair and the weight listed was the total weight .
 i have been trying to return this since I 've gotten it and no responds from this company ... this was a Christmas present . . my daughter already has ... and i should have ordered 2 . . i only ordered one.NEED TO RETURN THUS PLEASE >> > RIGHT AWAY
 I purchased the 1/4 & 1/2 weight for my two year old who needs weight therapy for her upper body . This product is too big to fit around any part of her arms or wrists . Not a good product for small children . If you decided to buy be aware they are selling them as a single weight not as a set as you would buy most weights . And finally - with the 20 % restocking fee and return freight - it 's not worth it to send them back .
 This product ad said to be 4-5/8 , shipped 3-7/8 and received over all length 7-3/4 `` What happened ??? Beauty though ... Would like 4-5/8
 Programming is very easy . However , I agree w / the previous reviewer . It 's not stable and it requires you to keep it parallel to the ground and horizontal to your waistband for accurate readings . It does n't make sense b/c the way its designed , you 'd think you could click it over your waistband ... anyhow I do n't recommend it .
 I was disappointed with the kit . It was displayed better than the actual product . The items are really things you can get at any store.I wished I had known before I ordered it .
 Great price ... looks great . . Lot of emergency medical stuff inside . The bag was smaller than I wished . But for the money it ill work well . If you plan on adding much to the kit the bag is small ... You will need to purchase a large bag some place else . I did . I found a back pack at k-mart and transferred all the medical stuff to it .
 There was a hole in the food item -LRB- Mayday emergency food rations -RRB- and I contacted the seller attaching the picture together , but never got an answer back.If it was some other item that was damaged , then I would just be ok because it 's not something that edible , but this is something you need to eat and I do n't know what kind of things got into that hole and I do n't want to take this damage.If you are the seller , please contact me and replace this item .
 As pointed out in other reviews , this product is mislabeled . It is really a 2 small children or 1 large pre-teen child supplemental survival kit . It is totally inadequate for 2 adults or teenagers , and might do in an emergency for 1 adult if generously supplemented.Basically , you would be buying this for the additional food and water.So , it is good only as a child 's survival kit backup to a 3-4 person family survival kit.One task I had to perform was putting all the water vulnerable items in zip-loc quart and gallon bags to protect them against drenching rain .
 I order `` Quakehold ! 70280 Grab-n-Go Emergency Kit '' for $ 45 but then also ordered `` Deluxe 2-Person by SurvivalKitsOnline Perfect Survival Kit for Emergency Disaster Preparedness '' for $ 99 and you get so much more with that puppy . The Quakehold pack is 1/4 the size and full . The SurvivalKitsOnline pack is larger with way more pockets and has room for other items to be added . I stuffed the Quake items into the SurvivalKitsOnline pack . Also added a knife sharpenter and military compass , 5-in-1 shovel , bowie knife , 150 feet of rope and cord , all-weather gloves , plus more to be added . It still has room . Sure the pack tops around 40 + # 's but you have everything in it . Prepare your bug-out kit bB4 you need it people !!
 This kit is listed as a 2 person , 3 day kit . My kit came with all the miscellaneous items and three 2400 calorie food bars and 2 1-liter containers of water . Basically , they provide each adult ; 1200 calories of food and 1.4 cups of water per day . If all you were doing was laying around in an air conditioned room for three days , you would be hungry and partially dehydrated , but alive.The Red Cross -LRB- and others -RRB- recommend at least 1 gallon -LRB- 4 liters -RRB- of drinking water per person per day . Add extra , if you are going to be physically active -LRB- ie . trying to get out of the danger zone -RRB- , or in a warm -LRB- 80F + -RRB- climate .1200 calories is half of the average daily adult diet . Most adults in North America would consider this a starvation diet , and it is very inadequate if you are traveling , climbing , digging , moving debris , helping or taking care of others , etc. . On the other hand , it never hurts to lose a couple of pounds does it.For the price , it is a good deal , but realistically , this pack is more suited for ONE person for 3 days . Even at that , you will want to carry an extra couple of gallons of water with you.I contacted Amazon -LRB- the Seller -RRB- about the inadequacies and they refunded half of my payment with no questions asked . I used it to buy some additional food rations for my kit .
 I bought the one with the white stripe -LRB- s -RRB- . First disappointment
 I bought two of these I swam 5 times a week the first week it was great then it started stretching a lot after a month it was see through so do n't waist your money on this buy the endurance ones .
 I bought the one with the white stripe -LRB- s -RRB- . First disappointment
 I bought two of these I swam 5 times a week the first week it was great then it started stretching a lot after a month it was see through so do n't waist your money on this buy the endurance ones .
 As a collector of Watches and the Invicta brand , this watch looks great . The Gold color is bright . Unfortunately , the watch feels cheap and lite.The INVICTA Pro Diver watches are incredible values for the money . And if you can find a Pro Diver Reserve brand then you will be extremely happy .
 Does n't this look like a nice emblem that you would put on your car ? And it 's marked down from $ 22 to not quite $ 11 , so you think it 's a quality product ? IT 'S NOT ! It 's a small , cheap piece of blue plastic with a crappy silver coating that wo n't last very long in any kind of weather . It has a 1/2 inch by 2 inch piece of adhesive on the back , that sure wo n't last long , either . This should retail for $ 1.25 with $ 1 shipping !! Awful.Waste of money .
 the picture showed a few straps . Did not fremember requesting a color , so thought the price was for all of them . Would not buy a single one for that price along with \ shipping charges .
 THEY DO NOT ADVISE THE CHARGER IS NOT BIVOLT !! IT COULD BE USELESS TO YOU !!!
 I bought this item locally with some expectation of a good Sony product . The unit works as specified . Since it has independent 4 charging slots , it is lacking indicators for each slot to show that the battery is seated properly . When one set of batteries are done and you insert a second set , it does not start charging unless the power is removed and reconnected .
 I would have liked the product if I coudl use it ... It 's not rubber like most splash guards so you ca n't bend it to fit to your vehicle .
 I really like Underamour clothing , but I m actually disspointed with this shirt . The white color was almost transparent . So i didnt like it .
 seems warm but it already has a hole where the stitching came apart . very dissapointed in that as i was hoping for a quality piece of clothing . i am a busy developer that wants to keep warm and dont have time to send items back or complain . it also fits very tight even though it is 2XL . i am 6 ' 2 '' , 220 lbs .
 I found this product to be less than desired . I am an avid hunter who hunts staying all night hidden -LRB- without moving for no less than six hours -RRB- waiting for my preys -LRB- mostly boars , hunted at night , with no more lights than the moon 's -RRB- . I was expecting some product that might keep my body 's heat , something critical when you are completely still for hours , at 10F ... perhaps this product will be OK for reigning temperatures no lower than 40/45F and keeping yourself in continuous activity , but for my intended use , it was quite disappointing ... Besides I found they do n't last for long , since mine is already tearing after some mere five time I wore it ! Under Armour is a much better option !
 ordered 2 for me and my friend one showed up perfect , and the other broken . it was missing a spike in the middle of the grip . Not to mention if you nhave large hands like i do they wont fit in the snug grip .
 Bought this item because it was highly rated in Consumersearch . Used the binoculars less than 10 times and was removing the eyepiece cap and the right eyecup came off -LRB- this happened yesterday -RRB- . Tried to reattach it but could not . These binoculars reportedly have a good warranty , so am hoping that when I contact Nikon I will be able upgrade this review . Prior to the eyecup problem , I was satisfied with the product .
 I was excited to try these for bird watching , and got exemplary customer service and shipping from Amazon affiliated merchant.Unfortunately neither my wife nor I -LRB- both normal-sized people -RRB- was unable to test them effectively because the eyepieces do not adjust close enough together to make a nice `` circle '' ; instead we got double circles and double vision . The adjustment goes from 56-74mm which is apparently the range of average adult male faces . Well , if Nikon is listening , I checked all their models and none of them go below 56mm that I could find . That cuts out a big portion of the populationAfter this experience I realized that finding `` interpupillary distance range '' specifications is very difficult , even with all the optics websites out there . I ended up buying Leupold Yosemite 8x30 's , which adjust from 50-70mm and are also a standard porro-prism design.I understand that all binoc 's involve compromises , and I 'm no engineer , but it seems to me it would be a small design change to the hinge to make these fit many more people .
 No idea what they have done , but this plastic cracks and shreds in about 1 hour of use . Awful ! My old ones are still around and are far more durable .
 my bully ripped in half within 5 mins of unboxing , flimsy , cheap.funny watching doggy shred tho . guess i will look for something more durable .
 I bought this thinking I was getting my monies worth . Little did I realize what I had purchased could be bought at walmart for a mere .97 . I actually bought a few there and they are made by the same company whamo . This price point is not even close for what is being offered .
 The listing says 12-pack . What I received was ONE `` cheapo '' frisbee . The price paid just equals the value received -LSB- barely ! -RSB- . It is not the savings as detailed / expected by the listing .
 after reading other reviews , I used .690 flasc barrel on my phenom which had a Tech T bad karma bolt -LRB- soft tip -RRB- . Almost every other ball popped inside the barrel . Even after cleaning it , then had to switch to a different barrel , they still popped like popcorn . I thought it was my gun so i used the paint sold there , not a single problem . Maybe it was my gun but I doubt that .
 i just got a new a-5 and was recomended this paint i bought some and this first time i played with it 50 % of the paint broke in my barrel
 seems warm but it already has a hole where the stitching came apart . very dissapointed in that as i was hoping for a quality piece of clothing . i am a busy developer that wants to keep warm and dont have time to send items back or complain . it also fits very tight even though it is 2XL . i am 6 ' 2 '' , 220 lbs .
 I found this product to be less than desired . I am an avid hunter who hunts staying all night hidden -LRB- without moving for no less than six hours -RRB- waiting for my preys -LRB- mostly boars , hunted at night , with no more lights than the moon 's -RRB- . I was expecting some product that might keep my body 's heat , something critical when you are completely still for hours , at 10F ... perhaps this product will be OK for reigning temperatures no lower than 40/45F and keeping yourself in continuous activity , but for my intended use , it was quite disappointing ... Besides I found they do n't last for long , since mine is already tearing after some mere five time I wore it ! Under Armour is a much better option !
 This product did not hold up very well and has to be one of the worst kids toys ever made . Go Razor all day long .
 We encouraged our 8-year old son 's grandparents to order this in the 14 '' wheel size for his birthday . We walk or run trails in a redwood forest each day and wanted our son to have a scooter that could follow along on trails . We hoped that the large tires would all him to keep up with on the dirt trails we frequent . Indeed , this scooter works well on broken surfaces , but the reason for giving it only one star is the truly mediocre brakes . They are stamped metal and are almost impossible to adjust . Every time I try , as soon as they 're used , they squirm and shift and quickly wind up full-time in contact with the rims . As a result , our son has to push against the brakes , which makes his experience quite difficult and unsatisfying . I have taken the scooter to two bike shops , both of which refused to work on it because of the stamped brakes . They say that these can never be adjusted properly and that they wo n't even try.I would have returned this immediately upon recognizing this problem , but could not as my father-in-law had assembled it for our son and threw away all the packaging . At this point , the only thing I can imagine doing with this is to take the brakes off and let our son ride it somewhere where brakes are needed.I can not recommend the purchase of this scooter . I wish I could .
 I read the reviews before making this purchase and figured since most were older that the company would have improved the directions for the brakes , etc. . . We got the scooter out the night before it was to be given as a gift , to put it together . All went well until we got to the brakes . THERE WERE NO INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO CONNECT THE BRAKES in the instruction manual . What ?! Yep - NONE . There were directions on how to adjust them but none to get them together . I do n't build bikes , or fix bikes and I certainly do n't have ESP so I have no clue how to connect these , especially without directions . Or the right tools . We watched a video online and still ca n't get it . So , now what was meant to be used in the morning by our son as a gift will have to be taken to a bike shop to be fixed after the holiday . What a pain and a disappointment . I gave it 2 stars because of this and our child has n't even used it yet . The dang thing better work well or I 'm more than willing -LRB- not happy -RRB- to downgrade it further.Amazon - if you are going to sell this product , please either encourage the company to include information AND TOOLS in order to allow your customers to assemble this scooter , list the directions by posting them on your website , or recommend in the information that customers may need to have it professionally assembled , etc. . . Furthermore , the money I 'll have to spend at a bike shop getting it put together so it can even be used greatly sours me from using Amazon for things like this.I read one review where people made fun of someone for a review like this , why ... ? Because we are n't all bike mechanics or feel like spending hours tinkering with a stupid scooter to no avail ? If you are reading it please know that the brakes really are a pain to deal with and the postings were n't just made by fools . Find one already assembled and save yourself and your child disappointment .
 We purchased this scooter in January to give my son for his 9th birthday in early February . He already has a Razor and enjoys it ; we felt that the addition of larger wheels and handbrakes would be a plus.And they would have been , had we been able to assemble the handbrakes without help . But four hands working together with our own tools were not able to tighten the rear brake sufficiently and align the calipers to the wheel rim . We ended up taking it to the bike shop , and even the technician there told us it was a difficult job.Once it was assembled , the scooter was greatly enjoyed - until something happened -LRB- we think our child or a friend dropped the scooter on its side -RRB- to bend the brake calipers . We would 've thought they were sturdier , and certainly we could n't muster enough strength to bend them back , but in any case the brakes are now useless , and we do n't feel the scooter is safe to ride any longer.The frame really does seem sturdy , and we think the design is good . For that , the scooter gets two stars . But between assembly issues and having it only two months before seeing major damage , I ca n't give it more than that .
 scooter arrived on time and I was excited to put together but directions were poor at best and handlebar was put together wrong with no instructions on how to turn it around and no list of equipment needed or any alan wrench to do it . Also there were no instructions on how to install the brakes , only how to adjust . It was a very frustrating experience !
 Clearly made in china , bought two for my kids for Xmas and both were poorly boxed and had scratches on them . Also , they are made of sub par components !!
 We purchased this scooter about 4 years age for out son for a Christmas present . The problem is we can not find an inter tube for the tires . It has been sitting for all of these years . Hopefully one day we can find an inter tube . It is really a nice scooter and my youngest son really loved riding it . I wish I had of known that an inner tube was not available for this scooter . I would not of purchased it . We purchased this item from Amazon . Does anyone know where I can purchase an inner tube for this scooter .
 This seems like it should be a good product . Kent International , Inc. of New Jersey has chosen China as the country to obtain their cheap labor , and it shows.Everything that was supposed to be pre-assembled was backwards , upside down or damaged . I have sufficient technical skill and all of the correct tools , so I was eventually able to assemble the entire scooter from the bottom-up . On top of the assembly and adjustment problems , the frame of the scooter was dented and scratched.If you are interested in purchasing this scooter , I would recommend getting it at a local retail store already completely assembled .
 The scooter itself works pretty well but the back brakes leave a lot to be desired . I contacted kent and they sent me out a new cable and rear break but the new brakes do n't work any better than the original . the front brakes work well but for some reason the rear are garbage . That 's too bad because if the brakes worked i would have given it a much better rating .
 Ignore the 100 pound rider weight limit . It will not break if you weigh 200 pounds , and at this price , if it breaks after years of use , who cares ? The big problem is the height of the deck . It is so high above the road that your standing leg becomes exhausted from all the dipping and squatting . This makes it virtually unrideable and next to useless in its standard form . Still , for the price , if you are handy or know someone who is , you can add shackles to lower the back of the frame so it hangs further below the axle , and you can grind up the front fork so the front drops a bit , or even saw some steel off the stem-tube , and you can get higher handlebars . A lot of work , but again , the starting point is $ 76 so as a jump-start to a custom scooter , it is a bargain . Knobby tires are silly though as they waste energy that could have gone into momentum . Smooth tires are readily available . If only the manufacturers would put some thought into what it feels like to ride a scooter , they would have taken care of all this before they sold it with a sky-high deck and tires that act as brakes on hard ground .
 This looks like a very sturdy scooter but I have to give it a low ranking as we 've been unable to get a response from customer service and now have to return the scooter to Amazon.I ordered the scooter for my 9 year old for Christmas . This was his `` big '' gift . As one of the other reviewers commented , unlike other items I 've ordered from Amazon that come in a very discrete brown box , this box has a huge picture of the scooter on it . Luckily it was delivered while my son was at school and I was able to hide it from him.Unfortunately , the stem/handlebars did not come pre-assembled as indicated in the instructions and as a result , we had to try to figure out how to install the hand brakes . I searched the Kent website for instructions , called and left messages with customer service twice and sent them two emails asking for help but never received a response . I 'm returning the scooter today and we 'll order a scooter from a different company.I will say , it looks like a very sturdy scooter and someone with a little more experience might be able to figure out how to install the hand brakes . I was n't going to risk it .
 we got this kent super scooter for our daughter for Christmas ... It took about 3 hours to put it together ... The breaks suck bad ... . Had a very hard time getting the breaks adjusted and then they would n't break on the tires ... . Other than the breaks sucking the scooter is nice ...
 Failure to include a small hexagonal tool to tighten the handle bars set me back several weeks in assemble . Even Ikea includes these types of tools for free . Unfortunately they were of a different size so I could n't use one of them . Consider your access to a Hexagonal tool bit set before you buy.I 'm still optimistic about my daughter enjoying it but right now it is taking up space and I still have the brakes to put on .
 Bought two of these scooters for my grand children for Christmas and during assembly discovered one of them had MISSING PARTS ... I contacted KENT COMPANY and was told they would ship me the missing parts . . Well that , s been almost four weeks ago and They still have not Shipped them . . I would NEVER buy another KENT PRODUCT ... Jerry Owenby
 This looked like a great buy for the money and after all the positive reviews I thought it was a sure thing . What a disappointment ! The parts are cheap and I mean really cheap , worse then something you would find in the clearance section of Walmart ! The assembly is a nightmare , set aside a good hour and have an adjustable wrench and pliers ready ! Like some of the other reviews have stated the brakes are almost impossible to dial in correctly . I had a friend come over who knows a lot about bikes , he was able to get the brakes working `` ok '' but said the dropout was n't straight and causing some of the problems . I ended up sending it back out of frustration . Did some shopping and found the Diggler Dirt Doggy . It was more expensive but the improved quality is obvious and the assembly was a breeze , the brakes are plug and play , no fussing around .
 Got scooter for 7 y/o grandson for Christmas . Assembly was sodifficult that I had to take to bike shop where it had to be stripped downand rebuilt . Turns out the brakes were assembled backwards at the factory . I had to pay $ 50 to have it fixed . Not a bargain by any standard . Add to that the frustration of the entire episode and I would have to say
 This scooter seemed sturdy , but we never had a chance to use it because try as hard as we did , we could not get the brake pads to make contact with the wheels . We tried every suggestion in the pamphlet . Also , at the end of the instructions it states `` If you are unable to get the brakes to work take the scooter to a bike repair shop for professional repair . '' The consumer should not have to go to these lengths to get something to work properly -LRB- although Amazon was very professional about it and willing to pay for the repair -RRB- . The kick stand is so not necessary . It 's too small and the scooter falls over easily . I did not like the fact that the foot plate where the child stands is made of sub-standard plastic . I thought it would be metal . I returned this item for these reasons .
 I ordered this because I wanted a cheap , quick form of transportation for my son or I to go around to the local shops etc. . Maybe a quick trip to the store . The ad says it 's sturdy enough for kids and adults alike . NOT true . I have it now . The manual it comes with says it is n't suitable for anything more than 100 pounds . I have the one with 14 inch tires . Ok , I can push the weight limit a little . I weight 115 ... but stuff I might get at the store might weigh more and add more weight . Plus it 's safe to assume your average adult is at least 5 feet tall like me . I 'll need to replace or modify the handlebar stem because it simply is n't long enough ... . It also does not tell you that you will need your own tools to assemble it . Most things come with at least some small cheapy tool to use but this did n't . My bad for the assumption . Good thing my son has tools . Admittedly the packaging was destroyed in shipment so it 's possible whatever small tool may have been in there fell out through one of the gaping holes in the box because there was no protection and the box was entirely to small . As for getting it for a kid as opposed to a small adult , probably fine . Just dont take heed of the advertisement and think you can ride one with your kid if you 're an average size adult or even a little smaller . That is n't true . Overall , not as advertised but not a `` bad '' product if the advertising was accurate .
 We bought this scooter for my 6-year old son . It is very well built , solid and heavy which is just what any American 6-year old boy needs . However , the brakes are HORRIBLE ! I spent about an hour adjusting them , but they loose their setting almost daily . The instructions say to check the brakes every time you ride , I 'm sure the lousy quality is why . They either rub the wheel , or stop working all together.We 'll probably replace this shortly unless we can fix it , my wife and I are both uncomfortable having my son ride this with the brakes so precarious .
 ca n't really use it on a real bike setting on a trainer , , , , , , she talks alot ... I thought it would be more of a camara moving through or down the trail.road . .
 Workout ok but she talks WAY too much and it 's distracting . You can mute her but then have to memorize the different moves throughout the video . Instructors should give an intro w / suggestions instead of talking throughout the video - we only need to hear them once !
 seems warm but it already has a hole where the stitching came apart . very dissapointed in that as i was hoping for a quality piece of clothing . i am a busy developer that wants to keep warm and dont have time to send items back or complain . it also fits very tight even though it is 2XL . i am 6 ' 2 '' , 220 lbs .
 I found this product to be less than desired . I am an avid hunter who hunts staying all night hidden -LRB- without moving for no less than six hours -RRB- waiting for my preys -LRB- mostly boars , hunted at night , with no more lights than the moon 's -RRB- . I was expecting some product that might keep my body 's heat , something critical when you are completely still for hours , at 10F ... perhaps this product will be OK for reigning temperatures no lower than 40/45F and keeping yourself in continuous activity , but for my intended use , it was quite disappointing ... Besides I found they do n't last for long , since mine is already tearing after some mere five time I wore it ! Under Armour is a much better option !
 Product has dovetail slots pre-cut to fit the pieces of wood together , but the slots were too small so I could n't put the thing together unless I cut the slots wider or shaved the other side down . After I noticed this I did n't really inspect the thing further but it looks like the pre-drilled holes for the other back section were poorly done and pushed through the outside . It 's a little tough to explain but basically it 's a shoddy product that 's built poorly . Granted , if I could have got it together I would n't have cared about the other imperfections , it would be hanging on my wall right now , and it would have got a better review since it was inexpensive and arrived quickly .
 The item worked well for two days . We were very happy with it . Then , it broke . I should have listened to the other reviews and not taken a chance . Will not be purchasing another item from this manufacturer .
 This worked fine - for one week ! Then it stopped working completely , for no obvious reason . So it was a waste of money for me , and I give it a poor review because it should not have broken after only one week -LRB- it was used about three times total -RRB- .
 I ordered one and it worked for a couple of days then made a grinding sound and burned out . Great replacement procedure from Amazon and got a second one - it did n't work at all ... loser item 0 for 2 .
 First , I ordered this without realizing it had to be plugged in instead of battery operated , this was my fault.However , after using it for a bit -LRB- who would n't want to use such a cool/fun purchase for putting at home -RRB- I realized the return on this putting machine was faulty about 20 % of the time . It would not return balls rolled directly to the return slot , often leaving balls for me to go grab -LRB- which is against the purpose of the item itself -RRB- . For this , I give it 2 stars , and would recommend looking elsewhere !
 The putting partner worked fine for one week until the mechanism that triggers the ball-return broke . The piece is so small that it 's impossible to fix and it 's now useless .
 I purchased two . One five years ago and it works fine . The second less than a year ago which worked for 1 month . The return fails 95 % of the time.jt
 Worked okay for a few days , sometimes the ball return would n't launch the ball back . Let the 4,6 and 8 year old play with it and soon thereafter it stopped working altogether . Would not buy again
 I had ordered 12 of the Golf Cards boxed in what appeared to be a lovely mahogany box with a small golf emblem on top for prizes for a women 's golf tournament at our club . When they arrived , I was very disappointed as the first box I opened the hinge was broken and the second box I opened the divider inside between the decks was loose and flopping around . I did not even bother opening more . I just returned them . Too bad they are not made better because they would have been a perfect prize .
 This product sold with same picture used by other sellers also . There are no pads , no wrist pads , no knee pads , no elbow pads ! Sold for 12.99 retail . I purchased it here for more after reading all the input , believing I was getting the wrist pads , which are hard to find and worth the extra cost . But once I recieve it and discover the truth the return policy tells you their not responsible for pics or descriptions by anyone other than seller ! So if I return and dispute because the ` pads ' description is actually part of the buyers ` title ' description , maybe I 'll get the 8.99 shipping back , maybe I wo n't !!! Sorry Amazon , I 'll not buy from other sellers again ... I 'm mad !!! :0 -LRB- Not the best way to find out only weeks before Christmas . And get this , the seller waited some 10 days before shipping it which got be that much closer and less likely to return . I imagine this a scheme that works more times than not . I might still do return ... just for the principle of it all ! And just go to the store and buy it .
 I bought one of these and 3 days later a light wind -LRB- under 15 MPH -RRB- blew it over and one of the fiberglass support poles snapped . The net was set up and staked down as per instructions . The retail clerk informed me that the net was not designed to withstand that kind of wind . I obtained a refund and I am now loooking for a quality net .
 Good part . . it is what they say it is . Sad part . . You discover what they do n't tell you . Here is what I discovered.This is meant to used Indoors . It is not meant for outdoors . If you do put it Outdoors , reinforce it so that it can handle gentle breeze . I was planning on using it Outdoors . If I were planning on using it indoors , I would give it 5 stars .
 Five seconds was all it took for this umbrella to upturn itself , breaking its ribs . I had to throw it away immediately . A golf umbrella that ca n't take even a mild wind is a waste of money . Did n't last five seconds .
 this umbrella was a gift to my golfer husband ... the very first time he used it turned inside out and blew away ... it broke from blowing around . . i should have returned it but the package was so big i did n't save it and did n't know how to ship it back ... definitely a bad purchase ... i would recommend buying a huge umbrella at sam 's or costco and not deal with shipping it back when it breaks
 So I get this Umbrella around chistmas and I go to use it in Feb. and it wo n't stay open , come to find out that it was put together with the slot for holding the Umbrella open was in the wrong spot . Of course to much time had passed by to return it . But thats the problem with buying online . would not recommend this product .
 I cant beleive people buy this junk . You ' l never get great muscle mass using one of these machines . You 'd be better off spending your cash buying a power rack and some free weights . Free weight excercise stimulates more muscles .
 Wow-my first bad experience with Amazon products ! The box was too small and the product made two sides of the box bulge . The plastic outer wrap of the product was cracked , and I was concerned initially that the product was out of date . When I removed what was left of the outer plastic wrap the whole thin began to crumble . -LRB- ah -- maybe it WAS important that it was out of date ! -RRB- There were not enough big pieces to have it even fit into the holder . My horse got what was left in his food box with his grain-no fun play toy ... and he is on stall rest for six more months so I was counting on a little bit more of a diversion ! Bummer !
 Hard hat liner needs to be a ratchet type liner for a hard hat with a $ 26 tag on it
 I blame myself for the collapse of the NY Mets 2012 Season . I purchased this helmet at the All Star break and the Mets have not been same ever since . I apologize to Met fans everywhere . . I have contemplated returning the helmet to perhaps reverse the jinx ... ` but the purchase does n't really explain the previous 50 years of mostly futility . LETS GO METS ... Ya ' Got ta ' Bereave !!!
 The reason I purchased this strap was to make it easier to carry my mat around over my shoulder.I am sure that it would work out great if the product came with instructions on how to use it.I am sure there are many different ways to wrap the strap around the mat and I do know how touse a Cinch Buckle , but there were no instructions or maybe a `` suggestions on how to use '' piece ofpaper . I do not use this any longer . Feel it was a waste . To replace this I bought theNyon Yoga Mat bag from Amazon , and that was a great purchase .
 The review by Warhawke is spot on and I am 100 % in agreement.The wood and the paint are subpar at best and they do not fit together well . It took a great deal of effort to make the top panel in place , and I honestly thought it might have broken while I was trying to piece it together.I was also very disappointed by the paint quality . Immediately you will notice the painted wood feels uncomfortable and gritty and has no gloss or shine whatsoever . I recommend purchasing some polyurethane from home depot for $ 2 and applying a coat to the frame.Overall considering the price it gets the job done .
 First , I did not receive the product pictured but a different , cheaper two-tier rack available on Amazon that I intentionally avoided purchasing based on reviews . The difference is minimal , featuring an arguably more attractive curved top panel . The product comes disassembled into four pieces with four screws and no instructions on how to put it together . Instructions are n't necessary , though I did have to pull the product apart and put it back together since I did not assemble it in front of a computer where I could view the product I was actually sent . The top piece slides into the side pieces , but the grooves were so tight that I actually had to use a mallet ; the wood compressed considerably , and I think it 's a miracle I did n't break the thing trying to get the top slat in . The bottom slat screws in with four screws.The product is sturdy enough on its own , but the paint job is extremely disappointing . A layperson could build something similar with some low quality unfinished scrap wood , a jigsaw , and some matte black spray paint . At best the product is functional , but I would only use it for practice bokken or $ 20 fantasy swords from Swords-R-Us . It does not do a good job of showcasing higher quality swords and looks to cheapen the blade . Plus , the unfinished wood can scratch your saya/scabbard if you 're not careful.On the bright side , the product is really cheap , even if I was charged double what I should have been , and it holds together well . If you need to store practice bokken or want a cheap and sturdy wall hanger , this will do you . Otherwise , spring for the few extra dollars and get something with some felt and a lacquered finish .
 The only reason I gave it a 2 is because my horse did n't even sniff it . I paid a lot for my horse to just look at it . whats really weird is she LOVES anything sweet but , did n't like this .
 To open the pour spout on top you have to put your finger in the hole of the spout . Not good if more than one person is drinking from this . Not a good product to use outdoors . To use the bottom spigot the spout on the top has to be open for venting . If debris -LRB- sand , dirt , sawdust , fertilizer , etc -RRB- lands on top around the EASY FLOW SPOUT , when the spout is opened to vent , debris will fall inside and contaminate your tasty beverage . I have a rubbermaid 7 gallon water cooler and it works great . This product is a failure . 2Gal Failure Jug 1530-04-11 Jug .
 set of 2 for $ 98.00 ????? you can get 1 from another source for under $ 10.00 . Jeez !
 Product arrived I filled with water and it leaked out the valve . I tried to carry the cooler to a safe leakingarea and the handle poped out of the top the cooler fell and blew the lid off with water going everywhere . Myadvice is save your money and use a glass . I will mention the company from which I purchased has made good onnothing for I do n't have the correct # 's they want to make good.Scott Allison33 Meirs Rd.Creamridge , NJ08514
 I 've had this watch for about 6 months now and have loved it . I love the style , function , and colors . My only complaint is with the strap . It has a thin , cheep layer of nylon stitched over the length of the top side , with wide holes punched in it for the buckle . This layer of nylon is not held to the other layers of the strap around the buckle holes , so it has room to stretch , fray , and tear off . After this happens the layer below comes out , because it is not even stitched in at all - only held by the nylon . When that happens , you are left with one layer of nice , but thin brown leather that is not strong enough for a strap -LRB- not to mention , it looks like crap at this point -RRB- . To make a long story short - the strap sucks and WILL need to be replaced , but it can only be replaced by one made just for this watch since it uses a non-standard mounting system -LRB- no off the shelf straps will fit this -RRB- . I 'm going to be returning mine and getting a different watch .
 I purchased this watch for my husband , who was in need of it for work . I was thankful that it arrived in time for me to ship it out to him with the package I was shipping the following day . I looked over it to make sure that everything was complete , only to see that the mode/next button on the left hand side is missing , there is just a hole there . I am completely frustrated and waiting for a response from the company . My advise - be careful a great price could mean a defective item .
 The rise , -LRB- measurement from center front waist to center back waist between the legs -RRB- , is 2 &#34; less than identical pair in black purchased last year .
 I thought that getting a heart rate with just wearing a watch sounded like a great idea.This watch was not at all accurate . It also reads your heart rate when it feels like it-not quickly.Guess I 'll go back to wearing the belt around my chest .
 I thought this watch would be OK for my wife , and it did not look that big in the picture . So , I bought it and it was definetely bigger than I expected it to be . The Heart Rate function works OK , but you have to be standing and wait for a while to come up , so , if you exercise at fast rates -LRB- running , biking -RRB- this is not a good solution . It works well for those who walk or hike.I ended up giving it to my mom . She walks and does not mind the large size of the watch .
 Set aside the debate of heart rate function , this is not even a good basic watch . In less than 7 months , the caps of the buttons fell off .
 I agree with my fellow reviewer that the watch is not worth buying , but my reasons are slightly different . It sort of works when you 're resting and stationary , i.e. it gives you a reasonably accurate reading after 5 + seconds of pressing your fingers on to the sensors . When you are running , it does n't work , i.e. you can follow your heartbeat in the form of a blinking cursor on the screen , but you never obtain a reading - which makes it completely useless for my purposes of monitoring my heartbeat to ensure I am not starting too fast at the beginning of a race .
 Sometimes you can really get a good deal , but sometimes you get what you pay for . This is the second time I 've bought an inexpensive heart monitor -LRB- the first one was a different manufacturer -- I do n't remember the brand -RRB- , and the this is the second time I 'm disappointed . Really , I should have just bought a good one and planned to spend more money.I tried this out in the store before I purchased it , so I was delighted to find out that it seemed to work . Of course , I was shopping -- which , although a very exciting activity for me as always -LRB- to my husband 's dismay -RRB- -- it is n't exactly a high intensity aerobic activity . But when my heartrate displayed quickly and seemingly accurately on the monitor , I was thrilled and purchased this on the spot.I used the default rate for a resting rate , since I have n't been able to remember to set this upon waking . My resting rate is lower than the 70 default , but no matter.Now , when I am doing cardio , this just does n't work . It does n't work in regular mode and it does n't work in workout mode . I ca n't get a reading at all when I actually need the reading . Another reviewer mentioned that the bleeping line is your pulse , but I did n't know this and , really , would n't be able to take the time to figure that out . I might as well just take my pulse . I 've left my fingers on the sensors for a really long time WHILE WORKING OUT AT HIGH INTENSITY DOING SPRINTS -LRB- very very difficult , dangerous , and not recommended ! -RRB- and STILL could not get a reading . Sure enough , though , when I actually STOP , I can get a reading in a minute or two -- when my heart rate is already going down.So , I would n't recommend this monitor , although I think I 'm going to try using different fingers or something next time . If that works , I 'll update .
 I 've had two of them and although I love the concept , both of them broke within months of my getting and using them . Each time they were set to record my heart rate , I put my fingers on the button and they beeped like they always do and then when I took my fingers off the button they kept beeping , refused to cycle through the programs and then I had to put them in a drawer until the beeping stopped when the batteries ran out . Very bad for such a high price . And twice , too !
 Ever the optimist , I thought this would be a good purchase since I was looking for a heart rate monitor that was convenient -LRB- ie did n't have a chest strap -RRB- . The watch seemed to work fine until I used it during a workout on my stationary bike . At one point , it said my heart rate was 212 , in which case my chest should have exploded . At other times , I could n't get a reading at all.Then a few times when I was wearing it sitting at my desk , I 'd check my heart rate and find that it was 37 . Now I have a low pulse rate and low blood pressure , but that 's ridiculous . So I went back to wearing my Ironman watch and put it aside . I took it out this morning and the battery 's dead !! It 's less than a month old !! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I tried the watch on both wrists , on both sides of the wrists , with all sorts of different fingers and positions and pressure and I could not get a reading . Every once in awhile when I am completely stationary I can get a reading after 10 seconds , but it 's impossible to get a reading when I am actually exercising , which is the whole point .
 Impossible to use while running . . You 'll have your fingers on it forever trying for it to read your pulse ... probably would work for a less strenious activity .
 I was disappointed in this product . I bought it to use as a down flag on my dive boat . The first time I used it it was frayed and faded at the end of the day . Payed a lot for what I was hoping was quality ...
 I bought this item to go diving with , it had a depth rating above what I recreational dive . And I do n't have to take off in the pool . I went in the pool , did n't see any water in unit , and the battery went dead , I was told to replace the battery , it worked for about 15 minutes after I replaced battery . Not sure what the problem is , but I 'm gon na go back to Freestyle watches .
 You probably need to use this product on metal doors . I followed the attachment directions but my doors would start bending when leaning back . The straps are made well but this product did not work for me .
 The idea was good but the parts were cheap ... I could make it for 10 bucks with parts from home depot . . I get the feeling that lifeline is trying to capture as many sales as possible before the word gets out.I am completely dissatisfied with Lifeline USA and will never purchase another of their products again .
 I did a quick add to cart based on the image above , looks white with a bit of charcoal gray maybe , it 's actually olive green .
 The product arrived broken . I will go to home depot and get a PVC stick that wo n't break . Seller should sell flag only and advise purchasers to purchase a sturdy handle separately .
 I have a Stamina Airgometer stationary exercise bike . The seat is more cushiony than any other stationary bike I have seen , however , sit on it for 20-30 minutes and the comfort factor is diminished within the first 5 minutes . I did allot of research looking for a bike cushion that would fit the slightly over sized seat of the bike . there 's not allot of options out there so I purchased the Sunlite cover . At $ 30 + I was hesitant but what 's the sense of exercising on a bike if it becomes a literal pain in the arse . I received the cover and installed it ... not enough cushion for the tush , very little difference . I finally just placed a pillow over the whole thing . And voilla ... Bottom line , this cover is not worth the money .
 The mat looked pretty nice when I got it , but after a few mins of light usage for stretching , a tear developed in the middle which is VERY disappointing . I guess the only good thing is that the mat is so thick that the rip did not go all the way through . A few more uses later , the ends of the mat get stretched out and now the entire thing is lopsided and wont balance after being rolled up - looks like the Leaning Tower of Pisa.I contacted them for an exchange , which they agreed on , but I have not heard from them for over a MONTH now since after I wanted to clarify the procedure to do so .
 This was a sad joke . First of all you do not get a set of two , you get one . Second , they are not night lights . They are a cheap little trinket that are clearly labeled musical novelty snowman . They play a piercing and tinny version of Jingle Bells and have a changing color light in them . They would be a hit at any dollar store . I sent them all back . Do n't buy !!
 This products destroyed my boat cover . Deteriorated the top . Its almost as if this stuff ate my top like acid . Have to buy a new top .
 Ordered high tech 303 fabric guard and cleaner , recieved and followed instructions on how to clean first , -LRB- sunbrella boat cover -RRB- went through that process , then let dry for 8 hours , followed instructions for application , I used a 1.5 gallon chemical sprayer.Put on the whole gallon for a 19 ' boat.The product had plenty of time to dry . Inspected after rain and found inside of boat still gets very wet.This product is terriable for the price.Don ' t waste your money !!!!
 Works as a water repellent but does not stop fading at all . I applied this to several different outdoor cushions all of varying fabrics . Every single one faded within two weeks . Save your money and just buy scotchgard .
 I should have paid attention to the reviews . It 's cheap and you get what you at for . No directions and it does not stay placed
 The tube is made out of a thick rubber that does not fold enough to fit under your seat as a spare .
 I have this currently . I am not at all happy with it . First I find it was made in China . I thought buck knives were made in the US . I now find myself corrected . But then if you 're not paying attention when you open it your thumb will slip and land on the serrations . Some practice will reduce the occurrence of that . But what really grinds me is the blade is constantly loose and wobbles . If you tighten down the screws it is too stiff and you go back to landing your thumb on the serations when you open it . If you get it just right then it comes loose in a couple weeks and you are back to wobbling.Not happy and thinking about a replacement.One pro
 I think overall the glove was a decent glove but the 1 that I got had a hole in one of the fingers . It fit really well .
 I 've been a big fan of hooked on phonics and have used it for my first 2 children . I was excited when they came out with this handwriting version and bought it for my third child , who is three . What a waste!Two of the books are `` activity packs '' with projects that include such things as tracing the `` I '' on `` Come In '' and then you are supposed tocut it out and hang it on your door . First of all , as a handwriting activity , it is pretty lame . And if your child has the fine motor skills to be able to cut out a door hanger , including the circle insert where the knob goes , then they are probably past practicing capital I 's . The practice books have room for your child to trace the letter exactly three times . Nowhere to write it on their own . Again , very lame.As far as the CD , I was expecting the `` printouts '' to be practice sheets for the letters , but again , very dissapointing . The printouts leave room to trace one letter on a preprinted word and thats it . And there 's not even a printout for every letter.This is a very useless product , especially for the price . Purchase Kumon workbooks for handwriting or `` handwriting without tears '' , both use the same concept as this intends to but much cheaper and better thought out .
 I purchase this game for my niece who is nine . The machine is indeed very simple to but together -LRB- takes just a few minutes , instructions are not very helpful -RRB- . There are several problems with this machine . First , the machine is not very stable , tends to tip forward . The legs need to be placed completely flat and not used as a tripod or else the machine will tip forward . Also , if you do n't angle it properly , the balls will not come out.The secondly , this machine is listed to be good for all ages ; it 's not . When we set up the machine we found that it pitched too low for the average 9 yr old . When we placed it on a table it worked a little better but the overall machine was still very unstable . Having to use an additional stand makes this machine not very conducive to be taken to the park . Also , it uses up a lot of batteries -LRB- have to change batteries very two hours ... -RRB-
 The anchor is a solid product for a light boat or inflatable . I have yet to take it out on the water , but it seems to be well made . My only complaint is the collar that keeps the prongs from splaying out does n't work too well . The carrying case is nicely padded and fits the entire length of rope without spilling out . Keep in mind the rope is hollow braid polypropylene . I swapped mine out for nylon and changed to a 50 ` length .4 / 18/2010 UPDATE
 I have used this anchor for two seasons in the salt and it just came totally apart on me . Turns out that the painted coating is no protection from rust at the important hinge points . This coupled with the fact that the anchor is held together with rust-liable pins is a recipe for failure . Even before this happened , I had the complaints that the line is not long enough and I had to add 3 feet of chain to place the flukes in the best position to hold quickly . My Advice is to buy a galvanized anchor and go to the hardware store for a short length of chain , a line of the length of your choosing , a small float and assemble it on your own . That 's what I did for my wife 's boat this spring instead of buying another one of these and now I 'm off to the hardware store to rig a galvanized anchor for myself -LRB- Attwood makes them in 3 and 5 pound weight that look and operate something like this one but are better constructed ; that 's what I used -RRB- . Rigging your own anchor is a bit of fun anyway and you can have it just the way you want it ; lots of clever rigging ideas out there on the net .
 First time out the grapnel literally snapped-off . May have been the muddy bottom of the lake . I had to use the motor to try and free-up the anchor , but either way , now I just have a post .
 this thing is little ! Might be good for a bass boat . Do n't think ill b trying it on mine ! Good lunck
 First time I used it three of the four tines broke off . If I did not have a friend with a PWC , my Seadoo would be out some where in the Atlantic right know . I do not suggest this item if you plan to use it in a strong current area .
 The flat bracket that goes around the back of the monostay and attaches to the rack is made of such a soft metal that as I screwed the bolts into the horseshoe shaped piece it simply bent and could not be made completely tight . When I attach something to my bike I like to think that it 's going to stay put and not wiggle around . I gave it two stars because it 's probably okay for light loads .
 This bicycle is poorly constructed and the wheels , especially are extremely flimsy . So flimsy , in fact , is the front wheel that it does not rotate straight and scrapes the front fender if you put it on . The assembly instructions are printed so small that you almost need a microscope to read them . And the diagrams are impossible to make heads or tails of . This product is worth about half its selling price . Do n't waste your money on it .
 I was incredibly disappointed by this product . The very first time I used it , it leaked from the cap ... and not just a little but it was very obvious . It was a birthday gift to my boyfriend and we were both very disappointed and angry about the faulty product .
 The flask arrived with scratches and tarnishes all over it . Very cheap and looks like it was used before . I was going to give as a give but I would be embarrassed to give to somebody .
 Initial quality of these glasses is fine , as touted in the reviews above ; however , once a screw falls out , you 're screwed . And that is exactly what happened within three months of my purchase . A screw fell out , the lens followed , and was slightly scratched.Okay , now , I just paid nearly $ 140 for these glasses . Why did I spend that amount of money on sunglasses ? Because I needed them for all the driving I do . So , am I going to ship them off , probably not have use for them for a month or more , after I just got them?I replaced the screw , myself.The next problem was that the nose pads would suddenly disappear.So , how do these `` driver '' sunglasses perform on the road ? 1 . -RRB- Driving all day around LA , they work okay as long as they do n't fall apart . I tighten the screws every time I think about it -LRB- naturally , I keep a sunglasses repair kit in the glove box -RRB- , and I take them to the glasses repair shop when the nose pads fall off .2 . -RRB- Driving trip to Arizona , New Mexico . Somewhere along the way -LRB- early in the trip , unfortunately -RRB- a nose pad goes missing . I drive over 500 miles with the metal digging into my nose . Took the sunglasses to Walmart in Roswell , NM , and the young lady there replaced the nose pad for free .3 . -RRB- Trip to Europe . In front of Notre Dame in Paris , I heard a lens hit the ground . Yep , it was one of mine . Today , when I repaired the sunglasses yet again , the lens was cracked ... directly in front of the right eye.So , I wo n't say anything more . You decide . However , I 'll buy Ray-Bans when I return home . In the meantime , I 'll be driving the UK for nearly three weeks with cracked sunglasses .
 The wooden sword was warped and not straight . There was a one-inch curve difference from one edge of the sword to the other . I believe the wood was not dried enough and had warped due to humidity . Although the merchant agreed to take the sword back , the shipping cost that I paid in total would have cost the same as the sword .
 I bought this for my then 2 year old for his push scooter that has handlebars exactly as a children 's bike . The bell was extremely difficult to ring and it did n't stay secured on the handlebars . We eventually tried to put it on his big boy bike and it did n't work there either .
 Very weak and ineffective compared to other products on this sight that are less expensive .
 Took this for a whole month as per instructions , once a day , with food . Nothing at all , no change . What a waste of money . I 'd give this zero stars if it was possible .
 Took this for a whole month as per instructions , once a day , with food . Nothing at all , no change . What a waste of money . I 'd give this zero stars if it was possible .
 There 's been no change since taking this product . Either it does n't work or it does n't work for me.Ogoplex-Berkley Orgasm Enhancer Pills , 30ct
 As a preface , I have used this product in the past with good results . I am pretty sure I got it direct from the manufacturer . Pardon the PG-13 graphic details , but there was more fluid released and the family jewels even grew.That being said , I bought this product on this page and the pills seemed different . The original pills I took 5 years ago were circular and kind of grey whereas these were oval and green . In fact , I eventually found an old bottle that had a few pills left , and they were definitely different . That may not matter , but for the fact that the current green ones did not do anything for me , whereas the original grey ones worked.I do n't know if these are counterfeit , if they changed their formula , or if they have poor quality control , but after a month , I did not see any results , yet the other pills I took in the past under the same brand name did work .
 Absolutely worthless ! The supplement does not provided enhancement in any way . You do more for yourself and your partner if you drink a cup of coffee.It is composed of a `` proprietary blend '' and 25 % of Vitamin A & E. Unless you are having sexual problems as a result of extreme vitamin deficiencies , this product will do nothing for you.Furthermore , I am suspicious of the positive postings for these pills . I would n't put it past the manufactures to post positive ratings in an attempt to generate sales .
 This product -LRB- Ogoplex -RRB- was the worst product that I 've ever used . It did n't do any of the things that it was suppose to . I use this product for the entire month and the results was negitive . I would n't reccomend this product to anyone . It was a waste of my hard earned money . I wish I could get it back because I feel as though I just donated money to Ogopley-Berkley for no reason . I would have been better off taking a cheap sugar pill . So I would like to say to the inventors of this product `` THANKS FOR NOTHING AND KEEP RIPPING OFF PEOPLE '' .
 This screw anchor was touted to me as a solution to hold my jet ski at anchor in shallow water , but here 's the problems with this system : A -RRB- The screw that goes into the sand is only 12 '' long , It never ` bit ' properly , needs to be 22 '' at least.B -RRB- Both hooks are plastic , so attaching to the Ski eye , after a couple gentle waves hit , broke the first hook , I then tied the rope to the `` screw ' part , and used the other plastic hook to the ski eye , and less than 30 min later , it broke also.This system is perfectly suited to hold a kayak , in shallow water , on a lake with no wave action going on . It would not hold a 2009 Sea Doo GTI jet ski , in 4 ` of water off Panama City beach , with gentle , rolling waves . A total waste of money !
 The ball has no luminosity and for all practical purposes , is just another soccer ball . Our children were so disappointed !!
 The ball is not round . It would not roll in a straight line . Overall quality is poor even though its surface looks nice .
 This was a Christmas present for my 8 year old . We go jogging at night and he loves kicking the ball when we jog . The ball DOES NOT glow in the dark and we had several splits on the ball . Looks like someon took a razor and cut it all up .
 I am really dissapointed by this soccer ball . Firstly it does not glow at all . My regular white soccer balls are actually easier to play with in the dark than this ball because its actually very hard to see in the dark . Not only that but the ball only lasted for about 3-4 weeks of semi regular soccer practice . After about a month it started getting `` eggs '' as my friend calls it . Basically it is little bubbles on the ball . It got to the point it wouldnt roll but randomly bounce around because of the eggs . Yesterday I finally lost the ball playing street soccer . Didnt even care .
 The ball is poorly made . After a couple of days of playing the seams started showing up , material from outer shell started coming off . Some material has completely ripped from the surface of the ball and a a couple of stitches have given way . After only about a week , it looks in much worse shape than couple of the soccer balls my boys have had for over an year .
 This ball looks very cool and my son was excited to get it for Christmas . But after only a few weeks of playing with it occasionally , the seems started to bust apart in one section . Now it is unusable . Beware !
 This ripped in the first week of ownership . I believe I should have purchased the more expensive one , especially since the trike is stored outdoors . I would prefer a Motorcycle type fabric one since it can handle outdoor conditions . This cover should only be used to keep dust and debris off . But why not save money and just get a sheet of plastic.Very disappointed .
 This cover is n't big enough to cover the trike and is very lite . if you pull on it even a little it rips . We ended up going to a Bar-B-Que cover and that works very good . We sure will never buy any thing else from these people . A friend also with a trike got the same cover and it was the same results . JUNK
 This Item was just received with a split in it . It is supposed to be an ADULT trike cover . I have a 26 '' Schwinn Town and Country with basket in back -LRB- STOCK -RRB- . This cover is not not made for an adult trike . Conformed shape is not that of a trike , any size It is 2 ft short of reaching the length of the Schwinn . Maybe made for a 20 '' kids trike but still the conformed shape is not correct . Very thin mylar -LRB- measures 2 mil -RRB- cover equivelent to a $ 1 mylar paint through cover . The $ 1 mylar paint through cover is better . Its thicker mylar and large enough to cover the trike.This is not a trike cover , I dont know what it is designed to cover but I am sure it is intended for 1 time use .
 ORDERED THIS FOR MY SCHWINN 26 ' TRIKE AND WAS VERY DISSAPOINTED WITH QUALITY -LRB- ripped on applying to bike -RRB- when i notified manufacturer received no satisfaction . bought a sturdy cover for less than half price from Tarps plus .
 Bought this for my new Miami sun chaser trike -- got it home , opened the package -- it ripped immediately . Tried to put it on the bike , heard and saw it starting to rip more ... realized it was way way to thin and not well made at all . Took it back and got a refund -- now looking for something better ----- salesman at the bike store said to go to a moped shop and see what they have -- gon na do that soon , .
 This type of anchor needs a lot of weight to dig into the sand and to have the boat pull against the anchor to get it to dig in and set . A large version with a large powered boat works well on a sand or mud bottom without weeds or rocks . With its light weight it will also be easily pulled up with any wave or wind action that makes the boat bob in the water.The lighter the anchor the more it needs 4 ' or longer section of chain to counteract this bobbing than pulls up the anchor line and the head of the anchor . Attach a section of chain and the performance of this anchor greatly improves in sand.Don ' t expect this type of anchor design to work well in a rocky bottom regardless of its size or weight or manufacturer.After using this anchor with an inflatable boat in the ocean I switched to a grapnel style hook which does a better job of digging into the sand . Even with the grapnel anchor I still use 8 ' of chain in the ocean . As a diver it is easy to observe how well an anchor setup works and the chain stops 100 % of the boat 's vertical movement from getting to the anchor and pulling it up and loosening its grip on the bottom.With the use of the section of chain the rode length can be a half as much and still be more effective than a longer rode without the chain . Often there is not room for the optimum rode length as the boat will swing into an obstacle or another boat and less anchor line needs to be carried on the boat . In a lake or the ocean with a 60 ' depth it may not be practical to carry 400 ' of anchor line to get the correct angle on the anchor to hold . In the same situation with 6 ' of chain the rode length can be 200 ' or less and still have the anchor hold its position on the bottom .
 Nice looking and neat size . However , the plastic coating began coming off on first use and the anchor immediately started to rust .
 This anchor does not hold in even the lightest of swells . I tried manually burying it in the hopes of getting to to hold - no joy , with just a little pull , it came right out of the sandy bottom . On the other hand , the 15yo folding grapnel style anchor on my wife 's PWC , held flawlessly . What really worked the best was the $ 1.99 screw in dog anchor I purchased at Harbor freight . That , a bit of polypropylene and a stainless snap hook work better than any PWC anchor I 've ever seen , and at less than $ 10 , not a bad deal either .
 This set was a chore to set up . After all of that trouble , the set kept falling down . It 's not sturdy at all . On numerous occasions , the kids had to stop playing in order to fix this thing .
 The tee was way too tall and did not have grooves on the inside so you can put a regular tee in it . The tee broke on my third or fourth drive . Do not buy .
 I received this and did n't even open the clear plastic bag that it was in . This is nothing more than a lightweight ratcheting cargo strap plus two carabiners that you can get in any hardware store for less than $ 10 . I just assumed that for $ 30 , it was much bigger because cargo straps do come in many sizes and the MUCH bigger ones can cost $ 30 . I gave it two stars instead of one because other than the misleading description of `` heavy duty '' it probably does what it says . Since I do n't want to get into debates with material engineers and lawyers , I am not saying what constitutes heavy vs. light duty in terms of stress loads . However , if you go into a hardware store , you can see what is called heavy duty and what is not and something this size falls into the `` not '' category for how every other similar product is labeled .
 I 'm aware the listing said ` colors ' may vary ' ... but you should be ABLE to CHOOSE the color you want!Was hoping for a red one ... as pictured in the photo , but I received a yellow one.SO FRusterating . I 'm gon na return it.I should have just bought this locally at Big 5 , instead of gambling for the color i want -- just to save a couple of bucks .
 I disagree with the other reviewers . This is a cheap child 's toy . Buy a regular hard disc if you want to throw it far . It 's too lightweight to get any real distance . It does have a nice soft border but that is probably the only thing going for it . Great for a dog , but no distance champion . Buy a cheaper Discraft or something in the 170-180 gram range if you want distance.It was n't worth the 12 $ I paid for it at Academy .
 Bought this for my husband for Christmas . It was very wrinkled when it came out of the box . After a lot of heavy books placed on it and laying flat for several weeks , the wrinkles still have not come out . It 's totally unusable .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000AO5K6U/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThis tire is not 2-1/4 wide , like the description says . It is quite a bit smaller , and does n't match the other tire which causes the motor chair to run crooked . It measures 1-15/16 '' which is 5/16 '' less , which makes the tire overall diameter 5/8 '' less . I am unhappy with this tire .
 I bought this for my son who is constantly rolling his ankle . He wo n't wear it because he says the brace digs into his ankle -LRB- despite the padding -RRB- . He also had difficulty fitting this inside his baseball cleat , so maybe it 's good for hightops and court shoes , but not cleats ?
 About a month ago , I ordered an ankle brace from The Brace Shop . I wanted a small but they shipped a large . I admit that there is a possibility that I failed to update the size correctly . Upon receipt of the brace , I followed the Amazon communication link to the vendor and asked that they ship a small as soon as possible and send me an authorization so I can return the large brace . To date , I have not received a small brace nor any communication from the vendor . I have also tried to call , but their business hours are limited.Need help !
 Julbo makes some great products , some of which I also own , but the Nomad is n't one of them . In this case , Julbo 's engineers designed sunglasses which actually scratch themselves , a flaw which is utterly inexcusable.When the temples are folded inward , as we always do when we put them in the case or our pockets , the temple tips make contact with the inside of the lenses , and as they move slightly up and down , you soon have a line of vertical scratches on the inside of both lenses.This design flaw aside , the Zebra lens is probably the most scratch prone lens that I have ever used.A terrible product !
 I opened the box , took the cup to the kitchen to wash it out , and dropped it . The logo fell OFF of the front of the mug ! Thank goodness for Super Glue . I glued it back on , and hope it stays . But I was disappointed that it did n't hold up better than that . Otherwise the mug looks nice , and keeps beverages hot .
 I 'm not sure what others see in this pant . It is not women 's sizing like the caption says . I ordered an XL which is the size I wear , and no part of it fit me . The waist was the right size , but the hips were too big and the inseam too long . And the leg length ! I could have cut off 10 inches and it still would have been long enough . I was going to return it but had my husband try them on and they fit him ! He is 6 ' 2 '' and 240 lbs and they were too long on him ! They are definitely cut for a man 's shape .
 I thought they were like the regular adidas pants but they are not . I hate how the bottom is cut , its like a flare kid of cut .
 I guess the fit was odd for me because they 're a mens size . Fit everywhere except the length , way too long and there was no way I could make them work for me . Easy return and refund .
 I mistakenly ordered these pants in an x-large , the size I used to be but am no longer , and they were gigantic , so I exchanged them for a large . The large went back as well because they were about 4 inches too long . I am not short ; I am 5 ' 6 &#34; and have pretty long legs -LRB- about 32 &#34; inseam -RRB- and I do n't think I should have to shorten workout pants . I have two pair of Adidas workout pants and , including these , none are of a uniform length . Most likely this reflects different factories . These pants fit more like unisex pants than women 's . I do n't know why manufacturers of athletic wear can not make their pants with a choice of lengths . Some do , but it is not easy to find them .
 I have no clue why the sizing is so off on these pants but I sent them back . They are like 4 inches too long and the waistband is too small for the way the pants are made . It 's like they were made for someone who is n't proportionate ? I 'm not sure but they did n't work for me .
 Purchased the pink pant and the gray pant with red stripes . The pink is really ugly . I bought it because it was on sale for about 60 % off . The gray is less ugly but not particularly attractive.The material is not up to par with the adidas pants of a decade ago . Then again , most things are not like they were a decade ago.Three stars for the downgrade on quality and the ugly color.Good pants , though , for lounging around the house and being lazy.UPDATE
 The fit is awful , color not the same , nothing like any Adidas pants I own . . do not buy , it is a waste of your money !
 I bought this for my son who is constantly rolling his ankle . He wo n't wear it because he says the brace digs into his ankle -LRB- despite the padding -RRB- . He also had difficulty fitting this inside his baseball cleat , so maybe it 's good for hightops and court shoes , but not cleats ?
 About a month ago , I ordered an ankle brace from The Brace Shop . I wanted a small but they shipped a large . I admit that there is a possibility that I failed to update the size correctly . Upon receipt of the brace , I followed the Amazon communication link to the vendor and asked that they ship a small as soon as possible and send me an authorization so I can return the large brace . To date , I have not received a small brace nor any communication from the vendor . I have also tried to call , but their business hours are limited.Need help !
 I bought this for my son who is constantly rolling his ankle . He wo n't wear it because he says the brace digs into his ankle -LRB- despite the padding -RRB- . He also had difficulty fitting this inside his baseball cleat , so maybe it 's good for hightops and court shoes , but not cleats ?
 About a month ago , I ordered an ankle brace from The Brace Shop . I wanted a small but they shipped a large . I admit that there is a possibility that I failed to update the size correctly . Upon receipt of the brace , I followed the Amazon communication link to the vendor and asked that they ship a small as soon as possible and send me an authorization so I can return the large brace . To date , I have not received a small brace nor any communication from the vendor . I have also tried to call , but their business hours are limited.Need help !
 I have a Coleman Personal Lantern and it is light years above this product in terms of quality . For the extra few bucks , I highly recommend you go with the more robust light source of the personal lantern as opposed to this micropacker . I have tiny pen flashlights that were of more use than this thing on my camping trips . It 's not a good lantern and it 's not a useful flashlight , so that basically makes it a useless product unless in the event of an emergency . I keep it around just in case , but I will never use it unless it 's the only thing I can find .
 I bought three of these in advance of Sandy . When they arrived I found that the brightness was no where what I had hoped for . .
 It 's just a toy . . worth a $ 1 at the dollar store . . no more no less . . it is as advertised , but it is only a toy . I thought it would be nice for my regular power outages in central America , it provides just enough light to keep you from banging your toes in the dark . My cigarette lighters / led keychain flashlights put out more dependable light and you can put them in pocket . I liked the big Coleman rechargeable fluorescent unit a bunch . Nothing can replace a good old gas lantern , but just remember this is a toy only.Charlie
 I have never received anything from here of this poor quality . It 's not worth my time and effort to send it back - it just wo n't turn on after having 3 adults try . It 's like throwing money down the drain .
 Not worth the money at half the price . A matchstick puts out more light than this thing . It 's going back for a refund .
 The purpose of this light seems to be to blast light in the eyes of anyone approaching it from any angle -- not surprising from a company known for it 's infamous and blinding Coleman lantern . You might think from its design that it slides together for a more compact package , but that 's where the batteries go and there 's no sliding to be had . For two LED 's it does n't seem to put out much light . The LED 's are inside the standard cylinder of textured plastic which diffuses the light somewhat but also blasts out bits of hard light . It 's OK for a suspended tent light , but I would n't set it on a table to read or to eat dinner . For a truly intelligently designed lamp by people who understand light , see Dorcy 's 4 LED 41-1017 .
 Well , I truly was not expecting much for the price ... and that is about what I got . This little light is cool looking and kind of a cool idead but , you actually would be better served by hanging a flashlight in your tent . Take the ` hood ' off of an ordinary ` mini-maglite ' and it gives about 20x more light . I fifured an led would be at least this but , I swear it throws shadows better than anything else . Not worth the purchase . if I was n't so lazy I would have sent it back . For the price , I will deal . I guess it will be ok to find my keys in a black out but not much else . Sorry guys ... try sierra trading post . they have a really good 3 led mini lantern that takes the same amount of batts and actually lights up the room like a full sized lantern !
 i just got this and tried it out in the house . i was expecting to at least be able to read by it , but thats not possible . its a cute little thing but it has extremely weak output . Some things are great small , some things just are n't good enough when you ` mini ' them ... so back it goes .
 I bought this one based on the amazon reviews ; this is the one time they failed me . Light worked fine until we got it into some rain . It kind of glowed for a little while . Tried it again at night and * nothing * . I figure since it 's Coleman , and it 's for outdoor use , it should keep working no matter how much rain it sees . It 's in the bin now .
 Not nearly as bright as the other reviews would indicate.You can read by this lantern if your book is within 2-3 feet of the lantern . You can see to cook out-doors at about the same distance . For such limited distances , it really does n't have much to recommend it over a headlamp.The price is good and they would make decent candle replacements for when the power goes out , but I would n't want to rely on them to light a campsite .
 Even for a mini lantern , I was disappointed with the light output of this item . It turns out it only has an output of 15 lumens . For $ 2 more I found another Coleman mini lantern that has an output of 90 lumens .
 You get what you pay for . A good little lite , but not able to lite more then a small area . I use it in small cramped areas and it is fine , but do n't expect to get a great deal of lite from it though . You will need a larger unit for this .
 First , this is a really tiny light much smaller than I expected , but that was ok since I was taking it on a camping trip . I bought it to provide light inside the tent , but it does n't illuminate anything . I was in a 3 person tent and we could n't see what was inside our bags without putting the lantern inside of it , or the floor of the tent , or our sleeping bags , etc. . I 'm not really sure what purpose this lantern has since it does n't shine like a flash light or illuminate it 's surroundings . Maybe in another environment it will work differently , but I 'm not sure what that would be .
 Do n't make the mistake I did and not read the reviews , people . It 's basically an overpriced MAG lite . The regular light is nice and bright but the UV light barely works in full darkness . Definitely not worth the price !
 I have another black light , but this products has less light brightness than other.It wo n't show up scorpions when the distance is more than 6 feet , but other will show up.It is good idea with a regular weak flash light , but it would be better to have more power to the black light .
 Was real excited getting this light for checking for scorpions around the home . However it falls way short of what I expected . The black light is not very bright , compared to some cheaper ones on the market . I figured with the 3 C cells this would really show nicely , I was wrong and a friends cheaper one works a lot better and you can stand back further and see with it . I &#8217; d would not recommend this light based on our experience .
 This flashlight does not work for me . It does give off sufficient lumina . During the day , you can barely see use the UV light.Vincent
 I received this item on time and found out that the xenon light settings does not work.It is useless to deal with amazon when you buy items from other dealers.Be aware of the product description.You get what you pay for . PROBLEMS .
 This flashlight seems to be a regular light first then as an afterthought a UV light . I bought it thinking the 3 C cell batteries would give the UV lights distance and clarity , but all you get is a flashlight that is too heavy to use regularly . Sure , the single beam flashlight works great , is rugged , and it 's easy to switch between bright single light and UV 3 or 6 light but the UV light is weak compared to my other much smaller UV light . You can buy a UV light for $ 15 , and you can buy a flash light for $ 10 , no reason to spend $ 40 for a subpar UV light-flashlight .
 Follow up
 WHITE LIGHT OPERATION IS GREAT BUT IF YOU NEED THE UV MODE , IS WEAK AND NOT VERY GOOD AND OR BRIGHT , with the name as streamlight product , this is a piece of junk for the money . . not worth it .
 SO DISAPPOINTED . . I CANT WAIT TO SEND IT BACK ... . WAIST OF MONEY ... BUY ONE @ LOWES FOR 1/2 PRICE , WORKS MUCH BETTER ...
 For about $ 50 , not the best . Some of the reviews I looked at before buying this product were misleading . Better to buy the 41 LED Professional UV Inspection Flashlight 395-400nm Ultraviolet Spectrum for a lesser cost of about $ 15 and better brightness . I tracked scorpions better with that .
 Tested the UV -LRB- both -RRB- even in total darkness , and never could get any flourescent indication on various biologicals . About only thing I could see is hidden printing on some money . The natural light flashlight is just so so . Would not recommend this for serious UV use .
 This would have been a great mat if the actual size of it was what was advertized . The product received measures 2x19x44 , 5 inches narrower and 4 inches shorter than expected . I ordered it for my kindergartener , for nap time , and despite being 25th percentile in height , she will be falling off it . At least the thickness is adequate . I feel like I threw money away -LRB- though it does n't seem there are any quality nap mats out there -RRB- and would not recommend this unless your child is skinny and less than 44 inches tall . Note
 The medicine ball was ordered for a gift and when it arrived , it was very scuffed up and scratched . It also had a flat spot on it . I returned it for a replacement , which I got , and it was in the same condition . Also the packaging was tore as if it had been opened before . I would recommend buying in a store so you can look at it . We also had the same experience above with the 6 lb . medicine ball and the same outcome . Definitly not happy with it .
 The medicine ball came in flat and dirty . Box was torn . I returned it and it ended up costing me shipping charges as Amazon would cover their rate of shipping costs so I had to pay the differences .
 I ordered one of these and it arrived all scuffed and scratched . It also had deflated somewhat -LRB- and had the same flat spot some other people mentioned -RRB- , and the box was all torn up , and the handle openings were way too small for even your fingertips to fit into ! -LRB- I do n't have large hands at all -RRB- . Apparently , nobody is checking the quality of these balls before they get sent out - I bet I ordered the same exact defective balls some other people returned!I strongly recommend either getting a medicine ball without handles or going with a different brand than Everlast if you want the handles . I have n't actually seen one of these in person , but the picture of the one at naturalfitnessinc.com seems to have much better hand openings . -LRB- I 'm not affiliated with them in any way , just judging what I see on their website -RRB- .
 This `` 2-Game '' set is really a badminton set with a volleyball thrown in . The poles are 5 ' 1 '' , which is not ideal for volleyball unless you 're an Ewok!I 'm also disappointed in the quality of the badminton rackets - very cheap plastic grips .
 Within 20 minutes during the first time we ever used this badminton set , the birdies were getting stuck in the strings of the rackets -LRB- because they were n't strung tightly enough , I suppose -RRB- . We had to go and buy four new rackets at $ 10 each , ultimately making this bargain set a really bad deal .
 My son is an avid Cleveland Browns fan and bought this controller . Right away we discovered it didnt work . We were please when the seller replaced it without charge quickly . The second controller was only used about a dozen times before it also stopped working . I would suggest not buying this product because of the poor quality and its definately not worth it . We still have to go buy a new controller .
 This review is not for the snowshoes themselves , as they were never shipped to me , but for The Sportsman 's Guide as an online vendor . I placed my order online and received a confirmation that the snowshoes were available to ship and would ship in 3 days . The day after they were supposed to ship , I received an email notification of a refund of my payment as the snowshoes were out of stock . This vendor needs to improve their online system so that they never list anything as being in stock when it is not . This review is to warn others that this vendor can not be relied upon and could adversely affect your Christmas shopping .
 I bought this unit from Park & Sun last Christmas -LRB- 2005 -RRB- for my kids . Installation was easy enough and we were having fun with it for the first few weeks . At that point the electronic scoring stopped working , and I called Park & Sun for a replacement unit . They were out of stock but promised to get me a new unit . It never arrived after months of additional calls , so I finally gave up . In the meantime , the rest of the unit fell apart with normal use . The unit is all plastic parts , velcro , and nylong cord/netting , so over time the side netting broke loose , the connection of the net to the backboard tore away , and all that still worked was the metal rim . I finally took it down and threw it away.It may be that my experience with the product and company was isolated , but I wanted to post this review so that others were at least aware of the potential issues .
 bought this piece of junk last year ; it did n't even last 1 day of use at a kids party ! The rim/hoop would n't stay up , so 1 of the kids had to stand on a chair to hold it up for the other kids to have some small measure of fun !! money wasted . i 'm an international purchaser so it would n't even be worth the while -LRB- in terms of shipping -RRB- to return this item . Totally disappointed !
 We ordered this for a christmas gift for our 8 year old son . After just 3 shots the basket disconnected from the rim due to a poor weld -- the joint between the basket and the plate that connects the basket to the backboard was completely rusted . We are trying to contact the manufacturer .
 Received item waited for Christmas to set up and scoring system did n't work right out of the box . Hopeful either park and Sun or Amazon will rectify this . To be continued . The kids are not happy : -LRB-
 I was fairly disappointed in this toy . Here are my issues with it :1 -RRB- The basketballs get stuck between the rim and the netting while you &#8217; re playing . As a result you either have to run around the side and knock the ball out , during the game , or you leave the stuck ball , and play with one less basketball and interference .2 -RRB- The collapsible / extendable ramp is extremely weak and flimsy . The extending arm broke within the first hour of play , because my son leaned on it while knocking out a stuck ball . See # 13 -RRB- The balls tend to roll off the ramp , because the ramp has no &#8220; catch &#8221; for the balls . So you end up using only 2 balls because the 3rd keeps rolling off the ramp .4 -RRB- Fit and finish of the mounting bracket holes don &#8217; t line up with mounting bracket well , so you have to force the bolts through5 -RRB- Mounting bracket is positioned right on top of the control panel , which makes it very difficult to get your fingers into the space to tighten the mounting nut6 -RRB- The instructions indicate to put the cabinet 6-7 feet above the ground , but the instructions do NOT indicate the clearance necessary from the ceiling , about 5 inches , -LRB- you need some extra space because of the way it mounts to the wall -RRB- . In my case I mounted it too near the ceiling , and then needed to remove the wall mount , lower it , and remount . Sort of a pain in the butt .
 I bought this back in 2006 for out basement game room . I loved it . It looked great on the wall and took up such little space when it was put away . I was so happy there was an alternative to the bigger indoor basketball games . Our family played it for about 3 months and the scoring stopped working . My husband is pretty handy but he could not get it to work and the customer service was not helpful . I still thought we would play with it without the scoring . Then the leg that supports it cracked so the game became unsteady . Last the hoop cracked . I do not think we overused it or abused it . It was mostly played by adults or with adult supervision . I was disappointed for the amount of money I spent that it did not last very long . I would love another one like this but I wo n't chance spending so much money espcially with no usuable warantee .
 Great idea for our basement with low ceilings -LRB- 7 ft. -RRB- Installation was easy enough -LRB- although 2 of the 6 screws provided broke -LRB- but we were able to use some of our own screws to replace -RRB- . After less than 24 hours of use the PVC frame cracked and now it makes it difficult to play and fold up to put away . I called the manufacturer to ask for a replacement frame . The parts were not in , but I was promised to receive them in a few weeks . I hope that the replacement parts hold up longer than the original ??!! My kids absolutely love the game 5 yr . old and 2 yr . old . I actually replaced the original balls with softer ones -LRB- for safety indoors -RRB- . We will see if the manufacturer comes though with the parts and if they can hold up better this time . I hope they do .
 The idea is great ! An arcade type , indoor basketball hoop game . I love the compactness too butwe were disappointed in the quality . The screws holding up the net easily popped out and otherscrews are popping out -LRB- from when the ball hits the backboard -RRB- . The storage net which states will holdthe basketballs when not in use can in no way store even one ball -LRB- deflated , yes but who 's goingto do that ? -RRB- We just put it together for xmas and after an hour we had screws popping out.I do n't think this will last for very long . I think I will buy things like this from local storeswhere I can return if dissatisfied.I would not recommend this product ! I 'm sure there are better quality ones out there -LRB- most likelymore expensive too but you get what you pay for - although $ 149 is n't cheap too ! -RRB-
 We get to our campsite , set up was easy . We brag to each other what a good night sleep we will have . Two hours after going to bed we were sleeping on the cold , hard , ground ! Refill and it lasts and hour . Refill again and it last maybe five mins . before it is flat . Junk Junk Junk ! I have lost faith in coleman .
 This set is very large and should only be used on a mountain bike , this should have been made clear before purchase .
 I thought is was going to be a premium product . Serengeti lenses are supposed to be top quality . I received the lenses , in their box . The box seems used -LRB- the external one , and the case -RRB- they are both in less than optimal conditions.The lenses , supposed to be photocromich , are simply NOT . I 've tested them enclosing one lens and leaving the other opened , after 30 minutes of strong direct sunlight , they look the same . There is no additional darkening in the exposed side.I do n't know if this is serengeti fault , or these lenses are not original . In any case . I greatly regreat buying them .
 The tube , much to my surprise , is labelled the same as the old tube which came on my bike , KENDA , made in China . This is embossed near the stem , across from the stem is the Sunlite label in white . That does n't bother me really , it 's just a bit misleading , as this tube ca n't be too different from other tubes sold as Kenda 's . However , the valve core is removable which was not advertised , and that removable core is leaking air . I imagine once I replace the core it will hold up just as well as any other tube , this is just a disappointing amount of difficulty for what is usually a simple job .
 I bought this for my son who is constantly rolling his ankle . He wo n't wear it because he says the brace digs into his ankle -LRB- despite the padding -RRB- . He also had difficulty fitting this inside his baseball cleat , so maybe it 's good for hightops and court shoes , but not cleats ?
 About a month ago , I ordered an ankle brace from The Brace Shop . I wanted a small but they shipped a large . I admit that there is a possibility that I failed to update the size correctly . Upon receipt of the brace , I followed the Amazon communication link to the vendor and asked that they ship a small as soon as possible and send me an authorization so I can return the large brace . To date , I have not received a small brace nor any communication from the vendor . I have also tried to call , but their business hours are limited.Need help !
 I ordered and was billed for two white leotards and only received one . I e-mailed the company regarding this , they replied with requesting an account number . The bill that I have , does n't have an account number on it . I told them this and never heard from them again.The leotard that I did received , is thinner than what I normally wear .
 too much bouncing up and down made this bag uncomfortable . i ended up dumping out all the water during my 1/2 marathon . i wanted to carry it by the end of the race . i also could n't get it to stay tight ! which was a huge pain b/c i was contantly pulling at the straps to try and make it tighter . not impressed at all . i actually want my money back if they will take back one that has been used once .
 I purchased this device mainly for the digital compass which turned out to be completely unreliable .
 Item missed Christmas despite having ample time -LRB- and I paid for expedited shipping -RRB- . Store was very specific about shipping times and did not live up to those times . Very disappointing .
 This light works well , lights up a lot of the road in front , and makes me visible to cars , but it goes through batteries way faster than I ever expected . I had this light for about one month before I decided to replace it , and in that time I went through four sets of its four AA batteries . That 's expensive . I 've since purchased a Planet Bike 5 LED Beamer light and am very happy with it . The area it illuminates is not as big as this light 's area , but it 's brighter , has a blink mode , uses only 2 AA batteries , and I 've had it now for 2 weeks and have n't had to replace the batteries .
 The picture is saying that this item includes a taillight , I set an order because of the picture , but I received only the headlight which is too big size for my bike . I contacted the seller , but reply from customer service of amazon says they do n't have nothing to do with the picture . They wanted me to send it back in the original package , but I ca n't do it 'cause I threw them away , I thought they could send the taillight in a seperate package.Do not buy this headlight , it 's huge and came in was a different color also .
 This watch is considerably thicker than most Movado watches . I 've had it 2 weeks and already have scratches on the bezel which is made of a very thin chrome plating . I do not recommend this watch .
 I ordered a Spalding set from you and received a Halex set which is an inferior product to the Spalding which you advertised and I thought I was getting . I did then contact the Hardware store that shipped the product and they refused to acknowledge that they sent something different than what was shown in the sales ad . I thought that is considered a bait and switch which I also thought was illegal .
 A bit cumbersome . Not as high as I thought it would be from photo . I did n't stake it down right away , and the poles bent in the wind .
 I bought this for my son who is constantly rolling his ankle . He wo n't wear it because he says the brace digs into his ankle -LRB- despite the padding -RRB- . He also had difficulty fitting this inside his baseball cleat , so maybe it 's good for hightops and court shoes , but not cleats ?
 About a month ago , I ordered an ankle brace from The Brace Shop . I wanted a small but they shipped a large . I admit that there is a possibility that I failed to update the size correctly . Upon receipt of the brace , I followed the Amazon communication link to the vendor and asked that they ship a small as soon as possible and send me an authorization so I can return the large brace . To date , I have not received a small brace nor any communication from the vendor . I have also tried to call , but their business hours are limited.Need help !
 When I First Got It I Was Excited To I Played It.It Suck For Ps2 I Got A 360 For Christmas And I Bought 2k7 It Is Amazing For 360 They Got Every Body Moves Like Real Life Unlike PS2.For Example On 360 Vince Carter Can Do His Honey Dip Move When He Put His Whole Arm In The Rim PS2 No Realistic Gameplay .
 After recently buying NBA 2K7 and NBA live 07 I will do my best to compare the two games.NBA Live 07 : PROS
 I will admit after having played Nba Life 07 -LRB- demo version -RRB- and Nba2k7 , that I do n't think anything will live up to my standards because of being spoiled with the Madden sports franchise . It 's now dissapointing to play any other sport sims games after knowing the potential they could have -LRB- like Madden -RRB- . However , I think the Nba2k franchise is WAY overrated . The game play is choppy , graphics seems no better then Nba2k2 . The practice idea to get your players better ... was ok , but you just press buttons and set them up , you do n't do drills with them or anything . And is tedious when you are doing a season in basketball with the numerous games . It seems like all the Nba sim games are still back in 96 , with lil or nothing new to give.Over all : Graphics
 First of all , Yao Ming can dunk from anywhere in the paint . Secondly , the CPU offense wastes too much time , that is they seem to be moving and passing the ball , but not in a way to create open shots -- AI is dumb . Another example I was up 4 points with 19 seconds left , the AI decided to take its first shot with 3-4 seconds left -- DUMB ! This game is too easy to beat , too easy to score , and in so many ways . CPU takes too many contested shots , CPU ball movement is slow and dumb . Also CPU one-on-one play is dumb , too . PS2 basketball got to be better than this !
 I can not believe that this game is exactley like the previous year 's version . There is no observable upgrades and very little difference in gameplay . No new animation ! No intros still ! It is just embarrasing to not put in quality work into a new game . Keep NBA 2k6 and upload the rosters would have given you just as much as this game will . I am very disappointed b/c I have not bought NBA Live for years b/c I thought NBA 2K was much better . But this sucks as far as an upgrade from last year !!
 I received these Washington Huskies Mats for my car and one of them was torn so I contacted the company and asked them if they could send me one and I would send the torn one back . They e-mailed me back and apologized and said they did n't have any more of them . I feel they should have offered my a discount since of of them was torn . Oh well I wo n't be purchasing anything from them again .
 I bought this for my son who is constantly rolling his ankle . He wo n't wear it because he says the brace digs into his ankle -LRB- despite the padding -RRB- . He also had difficulty fitting this inside his baseball cleat , so maybe it 's good for hightops and court shoes , but not cleats ?
 About a month ago , I ordered an ankle brace from The Brace Shop . I wanted a small but they shipped a large . I admit that there is a possibility that I failed to update the size correctly . Upon receipt of the brace , I followed the Amazon communication link to the vendor and asked that they ship a small as soon as possible and send me an authorization so I can return the large brace . To date , I have not received a small brace nor any communication from the vendor . I have also tried to call , but their business hours are limited.Need help !
 I bought this for my son who is constantly rolling his ankle . He wo n't wear it because he says the brace digs into his ankle -LRB- despite the padding -RRB- . He also had difficulty fitting this inside his baseball cleat , so maybe it 's good for hightops and court shoes , but not cleats ?
 About a month ago , I ordered an ankle brace from The Brace Shop . I wanted a small but they shipped a large . I admit that there is a possibility that I failed to update the size correctly . Upon receipt of the brace , I followed the Amazon communication link to the vendor and asked that they ship a small as soon as possible and send me an authorization so I can return the large brace . To date , I have not received a small brace nor any communication from the vendor . I have also tried to call , but their business hours are limited.Need help !
 This is crap ! It leaks . The black inside part comes right out . I will never buy another mug like this again .
 the cup was everything the add said it was and the green bay logo is great . i enjoy the cup very much and would buy another one if needed
 goal frame is okay but net is a pile of pants and does not last five mins . cant seem to buy replacement
 I ordered this repellent to take to Africa . The scent was overpowering . The idea of this toxic substance penetrating my skin and clothing put me off and I never did use it .
 Did not fit the bike I had , will try modifying cable to suite my needs should work great for bike with standard brake cables
 Purchased this , thinking that online products would be better than my local bike store ... I was wrong . . better of buying from my bike store and I did n't have to wait almost a week for it to arrived . . next time , I 'll just drive to my local shop .
 I bought this for my son who is constantly rolling his ankle . He wo n't wear it because he says the brace digs into his ankle -LRB- despite the padding -RRB- . He also had difficulty fitting this inside his baseball cleat , so maybe it 's good for hightops and court shoes , but not cleats ?
 About a month ago , I ordered an ankle brace from The Brace Shop . I wanted a small but they shipped a large . I admit that there is a possibility that I failed to update the size correctly . Upon receipt of the brace , I followed the Amazon communication link to the vendor and asked that they ship a small as soon as possible and send me an authorization so I can return the large brace . To date , I have not received a small brace nor any communication from the vendor . I have also tried to call , but their business hours are limited.Need help !
 This is crap ! It leaks . The black inside part comes right out . I will never buy another mug like this again .
 the cup was everything the add said it was and the green bay logo is great . i enjoy the cup very much and would buy another one if needed
 I have a trike that came with a white basket . I 've been looking for a black replacement and $ 111 is absolutely outrageous no matter how good it is !
 I ordered these boots from a horse and tack company and was impressed by the picture and title of EquiLEATHER paddock boot . I received them in the wrong color -LRB- no biggie -RRB- , but also saw they were not leather but vinyl ! The company seemed so All-American in their advertising , but these plastic boots are made in China ! I called the company and they were very nice , but also informed me that Equi means `` fake leather '' ... and all this time I thought it meant EQUESTRIAN ... as in HORSE !! It is afterall , a horse paddock boot !! Not impressed , sent them back , still waiting for my account to be credited .
 This clock is crap ! It 's just a piece of cardboard ! Nothing like the description . High def ? There is nothing at all special about this piece of junk . Do n't waste your money
 The mattress was described as having a 1/2 inch thick foam pad on top.This seemed like a desireable feature . It does not have a foam pad.There is seperate air chamber on top with flocking applied to it.The mattress is a rip off . Similar ones are about 1/2 the price . I have purchased a mattress pad . The pad helps .
 We bought this product for the memory foam -LRB- paying 2x as much as other elevated air mattresses -RRB- and it was not worth it . After buying an egg crate to put on top of it , the mattress is in deed comfortable . I would recommend buying a cheaper mattress and putting an egg crate on top of it . You pay much more for this supposed memory foam and get nothing for the price difference . That being said , the mattress does meet all other claims - it sits nice and high , inflates and deflates well , and comes with an easy to use carrying case .
 not long enough to fit driver comfortably , I kind of had to shove it in there , my golf bag barely fit into the case itself , I expected it to easily fit .
 A good product and a good fit . Wish the logo had been a little bigger .
 given that i am enjoying over titanium articles , i assume i would have liked this plate , had it been stocked and shipped . sadly , it is n't in my cookkit .
 BUYER BEWARE . SOMETIMES SMALLER IS BETTER . Especially if you want to continue swimming ... After having traveled the world for two months , primarily in areas where I did a mile or more each day of ocean swimming using fins + mask/snorkel , I returned to California and bought the Red colored hand paddles . After all , I 'm an adult female of average size who is in relatively good shape and had been doing a lot of recent swimming.According to TYR 's size guide the red paddles should have been the correct size for me , right ? WRONG . I used these paddles ONCE , for an hour , in a lap pool ... . with no sudden injury occurring that I 'm aware of ... but as of the very next morning -- and still 4 months later -- my right shoulder still aches and I still ca n't swim.Being a good swimmer is n't enough to use these rock-hard , unyielding paddles safely in accordance with TYR 's size guidelines . Unless your form is impeccable these paddles are a recipe for disaster.Tyr Catalyst Paddles
 When I bought these paddles I originally loved them . After using them for 6 months I messed up my rotator cuff and have not been able to swim for almost a year . If you use them be sure to warm up first as well as cool down . It may not have been the paddles but the timing after 4 years of lap swimming left me wondering.Scott
 This charger looks like a standard 6 volt power supply with alligator clips on the end . I highly recommend purchasing a multi stage charger instead . Unlike this item it will fully charge your battery and prevent it from over-charging .
 The item I received from eComElectronics was not a Moultrie but a knock-off immitation . I did not open the box until after the return window had expired otherwise the piece of crap I received would be back on its way to China .
 This is NOT a Moultrie charger as stated in description . There is no way of telling if the charger is charging or when a battery is completely charged .
 The lower portion of the sock is fairly comfortable . The ankle top is extremely tight . First use for a few hours -LRB- bike ride -RRB- left feet a mottled blue color with an indentation in the lower leg -LRB- I have no circulation/edema issues normally -RRB- . Making a 3 inch cut in the top helped but may limit the life span of the sock . Designers losing touch ?
 I would rate this sale less than a star !!! I am very upset !! I ordered the socks for my grandson for CHRISTMAS !!! When the package arrived it was NIKE socks with some one else shipping slip in the package . I emailed right away to let the company know that it was not my order , I even gave the name of the woman -LRB- from the shipping slip -RRB- that probably got my socks.Then I waited ... I received an email that they were trying to get a hold of the woman . I waited , contacted them again and I received an email that a new order had been shipped out to me on December 13 , 2012 and they had not been able to contact the other woman yet.Again I waited ... no socks . I then received the charge to my CREDIT CARD !!! I emailed and wanted the charge of the card ... again was told that the new order had been shipped probably delayed in the holiday mail rush.The charge was taken off my credit card but here it is January 8 , 2013 and I have NOT received my Under Armour socks ... must still be lost in THE HOLIDAY SHIPPING !!! I will NOT order from this company again and I will tell anyone who wants to listen about the problem . It is one thing for the original shipping error to occur especially during the holiday rush ; but then to have the company tell me they are sending out another package and never receiving it well that says a lot about the ethics of the company.I have made a lot of online purchases and never have I had a problem like this , the packages always arrive.If anyone wants to see a copy of the emails I sent & received from this company please let me know -- I have them .
 While my feet never smell like roses , these socks seem to amplify and project my foot odor considerably more efficiently than any other sock I 've ever worn . They 're comfortable , they seem very sturdy , but I could fell a rhinoceros at 100 paces just by taking my shoes off after a day in these .
 The good and the bad.UPDATE - I 'm very disappointed with this belt . It was rigid enough for a carry belt for a couple of months but then became way too flexible . I can no loners recommend this belt.The belt is comfortable and of very high quality . Many gun belts are very stiff and rigid while others are too flexible . The rigid belts can become uncomfortable over time while the overly flexible belts can create serious problems when trying to withdraw your weapon in a rapid/fluid motion.This particular belt provides a nice balance by supporting your holster without sag . That 's to say it 's rigid enough to support your weapon without creating discomfort by cutting into your hips . My review is written assuming the user is carrying a small to mid-sized frame weapon using a quality holster . The belt is 11/2 '' wide so you SHOULD use a holster that is designed for a 11/2 '' belt . If the belt loops are larger than 11/2 inches then you need to step up to a larger belt.As the previous reviewer mentioned , this is not a good choice for the 1911 . Quality 1911 holsters have 13/4 '' belt loop holes so simple logic would tell you that you need a 13/4 '' belt . Full size frame 1911 's are heavy which require a wider belt . As a reference , I carry a H&K ; USP Compact .45 which is NOT a small/light weapon . In fact , H&K ; calling it a `` Compact '' is a bit over the top . With this said , I use a Galco Concealable holster -LRB- rides on outside of the belt -RRB- with 11/2 loops and it works very well with this belt . So much so that I bought a tan as well as a black belt.Now the warning - I have a 32 '' waist and I always buy 34 '' belts . This belt in a 34 '' left me with only one spare buckle hole so I had to exchange it for a 36 '' . If the sizing were more accurate then I would have given the belt 5 stars .
 As a major manufacturer of gun belts , holsters , and accessories , I believe this would a sound purchase . This was not the case . It was an inferior produce that only serves as a casual belt . I would recommend the GALCO product as they are all designed to support the wear and carry of a full-size 1911 which is usually the largest carry gun most commonly found .
 Do not buy if it is for your baby as diaper rash cream !!!!! The formula -LRB- and product packaging -RRB- has changed as of Feb 2011 !!! I am posting this to forewarn all parents . I had been using the `` original '' formula since November 2009 and just went out and ordered 5 more 14oz tubs . Guess what ? not only has the packaging changed , but the formula is totally different and WORSE !!!! It is now 30 % lanolin -LRB- as opposed to 50 % -RRB- and now contains a chemical called Disodium EDTA which is likely NOT good for your baby . STAY AWAY and do n't buy anymore !! I 'm so mad , b/c the original formula worked and i was going to use it forever . Warn your friends the formula has changed !! So important !!!
 Probably would gave worked well if correct bolts , other pieces were correct size and correct number . I have to go to the hardware store to buy extra parts . A waste .
 These training wheels were VERY difficult to install , and after all that work , rattle . Not like our past experiences with training wheels . Time will tell if they hold up .
 Beware that it does not fit all 16 '' bikes . It did n't for my sons bike.I had to return it .
 I maintain a fleet of about 35 kids bikes for my wife 's daycare business . She get donations of mostly of cheap department store kids bikes . The most often broken part is the training wheels . So , I have bought and installed lots of replacement training wheels over the years.You really want the model with the ` sturrip ' that goes forward and fits over the chainstay . That keeps the training wheel from flipping back and upward when the kid puts weight on it . Wald makes many durable models with this feature . Go buy one of those .
 I am very disappointed as this did not include all of the nuts and bolts needed to install the training wheels . Eventhough the description is `` everything you 'll need to install the training wheel to a bike '' . Luckily we have some left over bolts to supplement the missing parts .
 While everything arrived in time and great packaging , the banner I received was completely wrong . Rather than receiving the old school Mighty Ducks banner , I received the new Anaheim Ducks banner . I have been looking for the old school Mighty Ducks banner for a long time and have gone through 3 returns with 3 different companies , they all had the wrong image on . So I suggest you change it !
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 The B&ouml;ker Turbine is a big knife . The handle is thick and the whole knife is pretty heavy . OK , let me get the problems out of the way first.As with all tactical folders , you need to open/close the knife about a 1,000 times to wear off the anodized blade coating in the hinge area . Once the knife opens more smoothly , there are two ways to flick the knife open without touching the blade . The first method is to hold the knife blade up and flip the blade out using a motion like you 're throwing a Frisbee . The second motion is to hold the knife blade down and to use a whipping motion to open the knife . Yeah , I know you can just loosen the hinge and put in some Teflon oil but it 's not the same.My first problem has to do with the thumb stud . Yup , the little metal cylinder at the base of the blade . After only 100 or so open/close operations it got loose . BTW
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 I must give this company high marks for service and shipping . Product arrived on time and well packaged . The ball looked great and I was excited to get and use it , however it would not hold air more that 12-20 hours -LRB- sitting on table -RRB- No instructions were sent , but I 'm sure there is no special trick to airing up a ball , is there?Unfortunately the company was in an out of stock position on this item , I would be willing to take a second chance on it .
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 When I rolled it on a flat surface , it was bumpy ! The sticks are n't even straight . I do n't know what to say , I think it was the shipping but I 'm not happy ! I would n't recommend it .
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 Our daughter is 7 and the straps dig into her neck a little . However it has very good coverage and light . The heart guard shirts even the extra small were too big and the shield would be at her stomach level . We are taking it a tailor to have the shoulder straps folded in half to make them thinner or put some fleece around them so its more comfortable . Other than the modification I think its great . ** updateDidnt work out . To restrictive . Had the straps replaced to look more like over all to get it off the neck but it was to bulky . Went with the evoshield . Way better .
 I have purchased this pedometer in the past , and I thought I would give it another try . It is still junk . I have three Omoron 's . Sometimes I lose them and have to buy another one . Omoron is the best .
 Piece of junk IMHO . Spring loaded belt clip broke after about 2 weeks , bought another one , never has worked . Looked it up on the vendors website and the manual they have on-line is n't the one for the model they display . Do n't waste your money .
 Broke down two weeks after purchase . Was fun while it lasted
 I purchased and returned 3 of these and they work great for a week no more than 10 days and then they just stop . I walked all around the house one day and it registered 5 . Put on a new one and the same -LRB- 8 days -RRB- . Returned it for a 3rd one and it worked great until after 10 days and then it stopped registering.Like the talking part but what good is it if it wo n't work accurately
 This pedometer seemed to work fine the first few times I used it , but after several weeks I noticed it was way overcounting steps and distance . The time logged seems to be accurate though . I could n't figure out why it would have one reading correct and the others incorrect . Seems I 've wasted my money .
 I lost my weight watcher 's pedometer that I 'd had for years and ran to a sporting goods store to buy something similar to replace it . I got this one and within an hour almost lost this one too , so I now have it safety-pinned to my waistband . The belt clip seemed very firm , but is n't . I have now tried it on my treadmill but when I walked about 2 steps per second it did n't count steps properly and WAY over-counted by about 20 percent . I 'm now going to buy an Omron pedometer , which has gotten some good reviews . I do n't feel I can count , no pun intended , on this one !
 Too small and cheaply made to do the job right.Tie a loop on both ends of a piece of rope . Use non-tightening knots . Put one loop over the end of your booted foot . Run the other end through both eyes of the spring , and then go around and go through both again . Pull on the other loop and the spring will be easily tightened . Good practice in case you get your hand caught in a trap , this method can be done one-handed in an emergency.Google or youtube for examples .
 This tool is too small for setting the 330 , you need one that is about 29 inches long not 20 ;
 WE were misinformed and had to sell it on Craigslist because it costs more to ship it back than the original cost
 I bought what i thought was described in the description and the picture from ozbo . When it says `` Bitzenburger Machine And Tool Jig And Clamp '' you would think you get the `` and clamp '' . So when it shows up at your door 8 days later and there is no clamp in the box do n't say i did ' t warn you . Just be prepared to spend another 25 bucks and wait another week to get your arrows built . Just do yourself the favor and buy it from bass pro or cabelas , It will end up being alot less Hassle , Frustration , and Money . Stamp sucker on my forehead for trying to get a deal . The Jig does look nice though , i just need the clamp to try it out .
 I just bought one of these . I thought it was top of the line , and paid over twice as much as the competitors tools . Well , when I tried to use it , I realized I needed a $ 25 attachment -LRB- a TM receiver -RRB- to fletch the arrows that I thought are pretty much standard , cock feather down , ie string lines up with one of the fletches.I 'm returning this POS !!!! buyer beware !!
 Not sure what happened . Received my package today , no box and in the ziplock bag was a jig and two Allen wrenches . No right helical clamp to be found . I have e-mailed seller with problem . This is what makes or breaks a company . Depending on their timing of getting the clamp to me will determine my future rating for this product . As of now it is nothing more than a paper weight . I would not recommend at this time , more to come , stay tuned .
 First , the Bitzenburger jig itself is not at fault here . It is an amazing tool and I love it . What is at issue here is Ozbo and how they present the jig , how they fill the order , and how they treat a customer after the fact.There are FOUR options on this page
 Exact same review that I read on here is that it did n't come with the clamp all though it clearly shows a clamp in the picture ... I should of listened b/c a week later when the box arrived , no clamp ! Do not buy from these people ! Such a hassle and complete liars about what you are going to receive ! Go to bass pro or cabelas and save yourself the B.S.
 Had a terrible experience with this product and Ozbo , the company selling it . Even though the clamp is clearly in the picture and the description does n't state it , the clamp is not included . After trying to get the clamp for several weeks I had to bite the bullet and buy a clamp seperately . I would not purchase this product , and I would n't buy anything from Ozbo ever again .
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 The product feature 's state that foam cushioned handles and an exercise DVD would be included with the bands . The package I received contained only the three latex bands and a `` workout wall chart '' . I called Amazon and they said they would send out a replacement and assured me that the handles and DVD would be included . I received the replacement today and it too did not include a DVD or handles .
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 One of the metal ends was not clasped properly and leaked at higher pressures -LRB- > 50psi -RRB- . I needed to re-crimp it myself . Not a quality product .
 The good and the bad.UPDATE - I 'm very disappointed with this belt . It was rigid enough for a carry belt for a couple of months but then became way too flexible . I can no loners recommend this belt.The belt is comfortable and of very high quality . Many gun belts are very stiff and rigid while others are too flexible . The rigid belts can become uncomfortable over time while the overly flexible belts can create serious problems when trying to withdraw your weapon in a rapid/fluid motion.This particular belt provides a nice balance by supporting your holster without sag . That 's to say it 's rigid enough to support your weapon without creating discomfort by cutting into your hips . My review is written assuming the user is carrying a small to mid-sized frame weapon using a quality holster . The belt is 11/2 '' wide so you SHOULD use a holster that is designed for a 11/2 '' belt . If the belt loops are larger than 11/2 inches then you need to step up to a larger belt.As the previous reviewer mentioned , this is not a good choice for the 1911 . Quality 1911 holsters have 13/4 '' belt loop holes so simple logic would tell you that you need a 13/4 '' belt . Full size frame 1911 's are heavy which require a wider belt . As a reference , I carry a H&K ; USP Compact .45 which is NOT a small/light weapon . In fact , H&K ; calling it a `` Compact '' is a bit over the top . With this said , I use a Galco Concealable holster -LRB- rides on outside of the belt -RRB- with 11/2 loops and it works very well with this belt . So much so that I bought a tan as well as a black belt.Now the warning - I have a 32 '' waist and I always buy 34 '' belts . This belt in a 34 '' left me with only one spare buckle hole so I had to exchange it for a 36 '' . If the sizing were more accurate then I would have given the belt 5 stars .
 As a major manufacturer of gun belts , holsters , and accessories , I believe this would a sound purchase . This was not the case . It was an inferior produce that only serves as a casual belt . I would recommend the GALCO product as they are all designed to support the wear and carry of a full-size 1911 which is usually the largest carry gun most commonly found .
 This shirt runs large . The color is not the same as what is depicted in the image here -LRB- look beige in the picture , but has a greenish cast in reality -RRB- , otherwise the quality is alright.Also , having been spoiled by Amazon and Costco , more than a week -LRB- 9 days -RRB- , for an item to arrive seems a long wait .
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 I was expecting a good item , but this is just another stamped product for the masses . Cheap plastic fasteners was the initial turnoff , but the flimsy strapping leather was not worth further effort . My pistol fit the holster tightly -LRB- as it should -RRB- and would undoubtedly break-in in due time , but overall the quality of this product reminded me of a halloween costume accessory . For the money , go out and get a Mitch Rosen Stylemaster Express . Oh , and I 'm no newbie to gun leather either .
 My local bike shop recently switched from Specialized to these import tubes -LRB- presumably because they are extremely cheap -RRB- . And cheap is what you might find . My front tube went two weeks riding on the flat paved roads every other day for 8 miles -- that 's 50 miles . Then out of the blue it popped a 1-foot rip with a loud `` BANG ! '' . I was on the level and close to home , fortunately . You may not be so lucky . The tire was pumped to 52 lbs . pressure at the time and there were no punctures to the tire or spoke problems . Just buy Specialized tubes , or a reputable brand and you will have normal success with them . I wo n't be buying these again , and I 'm worried that my rear tube is still a Sunlite brand . I suppose it is possible that the front tube was a lemon , but I 've never had a tube rip on the seam like that before . I 'll be taking the shreaded tube back to the bike shop and warning them about it , too .
 I had ordered this hoping to be able to charge my iPhone 3GS , foolishly thinking that since it is advertised to charge the iPod , that it would work for the iPhone also . I was sadly mistaken . I connect it to my Brunton Solar Roll 14 and plugged in the iPhone and the phone said something to the effect of `` iPhone not compatible with this charging device '' . Since I do n't have an iPod , I ca n't vouch for its ability to charge one . I 'd give more stars if I could test it on an iPod -LRB- and it worked -RRB- .
 This shirt runs large . The color is not the same as what is depicted in the image here -LRB- look beige in the picture , but has a greenish cast in reality -RRB- , otherwise the quality is alright.Also , having been spoiled by Amazon and Costco , more than a week -LRB- 9 days -RRB- , for an item to arrive seems a long wait .
 Paragon sports sent me the wrong color . They are making me ship these back and waiting until they process this as an `` exchange '' before they send out the correct items that I ordered . Very poor customer service . I will not order from Paragon Sports again .
 This shirt runs large . The color is not the same as what is depicted in the image here -LRB- look beige in the picture , but has a greenish cast in reality -RRB- , otherwise the quality is alright.Also , having been spoiled by Amazon and Costco , more than a week -LRB- 9 days -RRB- , for an item to arrive seems a long wait .
 I bought one these handgrips and it broke after only about 1 month of light use . It makes a lot of noise and is made from cheap plastic material . Do not waste your money on it . You get what you pay for !
 I needed a stand for my weights , and the OWT24 EZ was the top result on Amazon , with decent reviews , so I figured it would be a good bet.I was wrong.After assembly I took it to my workout room and set it down . I pushed down on it from the top to make sure it was stable -LRB- I have a rubber floor in my weight room -RRB- , and it snapped in half right where the lower leg attaches to the longer leg . I literally pushed down with less than 10 pounds of weight . The break occurred at the weld between the end of the lower leg and its attached bolt plate -LRB- where the bolts go through to hold the two legs together -RRB- . I assume that it was just a bad weld job.Anyway , I immediately went down and got the warranty paper that came with it . It said that they would replace the product if it broke . But it also said buyer had to pay for shipping . Considering that this is a 25lb item , that would be relatively costly , especially since the entire thing is only $ 43 . Rather than deal with the hassle of returning and waiting for a new one I just welded it back together . It is n't as pretty , but I am sure it will hold together now . But for anyone that either does n't have their own welding equipment , or does n't want to go through the hassle of welding it , this would not have been an acceptable solution.Perhaps I just got the one in a million defective item . I ca n't say if the poor welding is typical or a very rare exception . But I was not impressed .
 There is a reason this is under $ 50.00 . If you do n't mind some scratches , dings , and missing hardware this is your product . Otherwise , I recommend going with something else . It arrived with the packaging open on the ends and the parts are in the box loose so they are scuffed from rattling around . The connector plate on one of the supports was bent so it took some muscle to bend it in place . Finally the hardware was missing and rather than increase my frustration I went to the local hardware store and purchased my own for another $ 7.00 . Other than that it appears to hold my 300lb Olympic set just fine .
 cheap material that may cost them $ 5 to make , and they listed it for $ 60 . I got it for $ 30 with a thought of it was a good design . Turned out that it is a piece of garbage . Once my car reach 30 mph , it starts shaking and making noise , I was too afraid to go on highway.Save your money for a better rack !
 They just feel awkward ... Also , when I was doing some pull-ups , I had a lot of difficulty getting off the bar because I could n't unhook myself . Doing curls , they offer no support . My friend has the type where it 's a strap that wraps around whatever you like , he seems to like those a lot more , I might just give it a try .
 I purchased these to help with getting back in shape and the problem I have is the hooks are to small to fit around any bar or equipment handle in the gym with the exceptions of dumbbells smaller than 20 lbs . I ca n't even use them .
 I 'm 5ft9in . This product is too long for my hands . My fingers barely wrap around the bar while I 'm deadlifting . It feels really odd , and I think it affects my form .
 The hooks hang from the wrist strap at a fixed length , so if this length is not what fits you , you will end up not being able to hold the bar with your hands . In my case , my wrist-to-fingertips distance is short , so the hooks hang down too far , making it impossible to use them effectively . Some sort of mechanism to shorten/lengthen the hook distance would make this product much better .
 At my gym , many of the grips are padded . This padding makes the grip thicker or bigger in diameter ; now the lifting hook no longer fits.Roughly 50 % of the back excercises have to be done on some sort of machine -LRB- rather than just using a bar + wieght or dumbells -RRB- . Probably want to check all the excercise that in your routine and insure that they do n't have any sort of padding on the grip.Also , it is difficult to set minute adjustments on the hook 's height in your hand . Example , if you have the strap too tight , the hooks may hold the bar up by your thumb . Have the strap too loose , and the bar may be down by your second knuckle -LRB- when ideally you 'd have the bar in the middle of your palm -RRB- .
 Length :
 Quality built but I do n't really like the feel . I 've got wide hands and the two hooks are inside my hands so I have to have my index finger and my pinki finger ouside the hooks -LRB- feels funny and can pinch a little bit -RRB- . also have to have your wrists lined up at a 90 degree angle with the bar so this can be awkward also .
 I do n't have the money to buy wrist hooks for each and every back targeted workout I do , but I guess if I did , and if this product boasted its excellence as a disposable item , I 'd give it a couple extra starts . Contrarily , these are meant for multiple uses , but you will find that you can only use them once before they self destruct . The Velcro is configured so that it tears itself up structurally like a rabid dog eating it 's own flesh , like an arsonist torching his own home , like an attorney melting down and sabotaging his own case , like a dictator selling out his country to Western corporatocracy . These hooks suck that bad and the sad part is it would be so easy for the company to modify the product and circumnavigate the failure . Until then , SPRI can suck it and suck it well .
 I own a fitness facility and bought 30 pairs of these . These ankle weights look great but the construction is bad and not functional . The individual weights are not secure enoungh with the velcro to keep them in the allowed slots . Not only irritating but can be a bit dangerous .
 Easily one of the most dangerous products on the market . Its not comfortable , its noisy , and the bottom easily falls away from the top . They provide you a rope to tie it on , but in all the work it takes to get up the tree is just plain too much for the rope to hold .
 I can not adequately review this item at this time . I have not used it yet .
 I have had to go fast within a few weeks of installing them on my bike . I do n't think that the quailty is there .
 Only 2 stars for this watch . While i do not own this particular brand , i do own a Planet Ocean 2200.50.00 which has the DOUBLE ANTI GLARE -LRB- anti glare on inside and outside of crystal -RRB- . The watch looks great , no complaints about that.Take note before you buy any of these watches from Omega that have the Double anti glare . THEY SCRATCH EASILY !! Mine scratched after 2 months and Omega will not warranty it . In fact , if you go to their website , they do n't even have a customer service number and it states this : `` Due to the considerable interest shown in the OMEGA brand , our staff is answering an unprecedented number of inquiries . Therefore , you should expect a response time of at least four weeks . We thank you for your patience and understanding . '' ONLY THROUGH EMAILI feel that after spending $ 4000 on a watch , that they should replace it or at least re-imburse the cost . They do not and will not , so you are stuck with a scratched watch.Save your bucks and get a ROLEX or Tag . Customer service on these Omega 's are NILL !
 The description for this product states heavy gauge steel construction , but this only applies to the top section . The bottom straight section is made of cheap plastic . On top of that , of the 4 holes for the screws to go into mine had 2 of those stripped with a metal backing completely missing on one of them . Even the cheap logo stickers where placed completely off center , though that I could care less about.If I had to do it all over again I would have purchased `` Perfect Pushup '' by Bodyrev which amazon sells .
 It broke within no time . The cheap logo stickers would n't even stay on.I do not recommend this product .
 The tops are metal but the feet are plastic and extremely cheap . They broke the first time using and I am 155lbs . In addition , the screw that holds the feet in would not tighten down until I realized that they forgot to ship a nut with the product . I would avoid buying again . I sent them back the same day . Spend your money on the caps . Little more expensive but much more durable and higher quality .
 I got this product a few weeks ago and thought it was really good , it was a good length for me -LSB- I am 5 ' 4 -RSB- but it would be good for someone taller also . I used it outside in the park about 6-8 times about 30 minutes each time.Yesterday the rope tore on the part where it was connected to the handle , because the rope turnes through the handle when jumping and the abrasion broke the rope . I pulled the rope through the handle and tied a knot so it is still useable just shorter but now it it does not spin through the handle on the side with the knot and it tangles the rope as I jump .
 I am 183cm tall -LRB- 6ft -RRB- I bought this rope believing it would be long enough for a 6ft person to use comfortably - WRONG !! If your 5ft 9 inches or taller forget it , you 'll be forever whacking yourself in the back of the head . For me its rubbish really - look elsewhere .
 Flat , Incline , Decline Bench for Home and Commercial UseI ordered a Body Solid `` Flat , Incline , Decline Bench '' for Home Use . `` The box came to my house in good condition on the outside , but when opened , I found all the pieces thrown about in the box.It was obvious that this was not a problem caused by FedEX , but was completely due to the poor packaging and lack of protection for the contents.The entire frame was scratched up and many pieces were missing.I was very disappointed in the way the manufacturer packaged this product and would not recommend it to anyone .
 This product is garbage . Mounting brackets are too wide to mount in most doorways , screws strip right away , getting the bar in and out is very difficult . Skip this product .
 I first put in a 20 oz CO2 tank and it did n't fit . i tried using a 10 oz and it did n't fit . I finally got an old 9 oz tank to fit . I thought , `` i can live with this , '' but then after a few matches the trigger guard broke . it was n't that big of deal . but then after the next match i could hear the co2 leaking . I took it apart and could n't find the problem . I now have to buy a new gun . I gave it a flat F
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 It was good for the first two weeks ! The stitching on the nylon belt is not that great . The part that goes under the door separated from the rest due to bad stitching ...
 It was waste of money and time . 3rd party seller , ACE hardware , took 10 days to deliver.It is not effective against german cockroaches . I found another product that kills instantly .
 This ball is a waste of money . Low grade , not very durable , the smell was terrible for weeks and when inflated it was n't even perfectly round.I do n't know what else to say other than do n't buy it .
 Well got this fitness ball and first impression was ho-hum , I had my doubts . Of course it was red , not blue but this mattered little to me . Paid a little more for this ball than most others and expected a little quality . Irregularities in form -LRB- stretch marks and pock marks -RRB- , ball is NOT round when inflated , so where do you take the 21 '' measurement from ? It could measure 21 inches in one diameter and 24 inches another . Also seems like it does not hold air all that well but perhaps still `` settling '' . Based on first impressions I am rating this a. . .
 I had the same problem , only I was sent the wrong size . I have contacted them via email to see if I can exchange it , with no response whatsoever . I am very disappointed , and can not use this large ball . I do n't care about the color , I just want the right size !
 I chose this stability ball for use as an office chair based on the fact that my gym uses this brand and I was familiar with the quality . The quality of the ball was as expected but I was bothered by a few things :1 . The ball comes with a pump but it took about 20 minutes of persistent pumping in order to fill it . I 'd buy a more powerful pump before I buy another ball . Breaking a sweat at the office is n't comfortable .2 . I 'm a 5 ' 11 '' 145lb male so 65cm seemed like it would be a good size . However the ball was smaller than I expected it to be whether for use as an exercise ball or as an office chair . I would n't say my chair or desk heights are anything out of the ordinary .3 . The picture provided on both Amazon and the SPRI website show the ball as being blue . I received a red ball and sure enough there was wording on the box that stated `` Ball color may vary '' .
 I am completely disatisfied with this purchase . I ordered 2 gray exercise balls and they sent me red instead . I have contacted them via email and gotten no response . I do n't have a telephone number for them but I am going to call my credit card company and refuse to pay the charge if I do n't get this resolved in the next few days !
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 First , the shipping and packaging . Very poor for both . Shipping was far too long . I waited almost two weeks to get the four sweatshirts that I ordered . The packaging was in a plastic bag which was okay , however the sweatshirts were just stuffed into the bag . All of them were dirty and needed to be washed right away . They looked like they had been stored in someones garage or worse ... in the trunk of somebody 's car . I would be very surprised if I discovered Fashion Rack was a real store and not some roadside vendor.Second , I ordered XL and glad I did . I normally wear a large , but after receiving four dirt and dust covered sweatshirts and laundering them , they shrunk to just about a Large size . I 'm not sure what will happen with the next laundering . If they shrink more they will be too small and unwearable.The material is very light . This is fine with me . Others may not like a light sweatshirt . It wo n't keep you warm in very cold climates.All in all , I got what I paid for . A cheap sweatshirt .
 I orderd this shirt for my boyfriend in Canada . I knew it would n't get there in time for Christmas , but I did n't know this company would deliver it to the wrong address ! Hell , they delivered it to the wrong country ! When I tried contacting them , they did n't even have to courtesy to reply to any of my emails . I will NEVER buy from them again and I would n't recommend anyone buying from them if you want your items delivered to the right place . I hope whoever recieved it enjoys it , because my boyfriend never will . Nothing like paying good money for nothing !!!!!!!
 paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN !
 Problem is - I do not know how I like this product because I received sweatpants and a sweatshirt . Can you help me with the return ? There was no paperwork mailed in the package received
 This is a very light weight sweatshirt which is available in many colors , but if you want a quality heavy weight sweatshirt this is not it .
 Updated Review
 Proof that you get what you pay for , these low-priced sweatshirts are thin and skimpy . Sweatshirts seem to have taken the same quality nosedive as jeans . Ribbing around collar is especially thin . I am still searching for the real thing .
 The ball came w/out an active air hole . i could not inflate it w / the pump . I , the customer had to make one by inserting the correct plug in the hole . This damaged the ball . Never got to use it
 It 's a fairly lightweight sunglass , but you ca n't hardly tell from the picture that it 's not a smooth wrap lens , which is what I thought it was . Instead it 's a somewhat ugly lens which is creased in the middle , and it 's striking to see when you get it . It takes away from the cool look it could have had if it was a bubble or wrap lens . It also puts uncomfortable pressure on the bridge of my nose , so that after a little while , just after a few minutes of wearing , causes my nose to feel like it has pressure points on it and stuffed up . I hate irritating feelings on and in my nose , so I do n't plan on wearing this again . I ordered another pair of sunglasses for about $ 18 which I got today , and it has no rubber nose pads , just a cheap plastic thing , and I feel perfectly fine with them except I think I feel a slight residual pressure feeling from the bolle sunglasses I 'm reviewing here from having worn them for hours , yesterday , but not yesterday night . I intend to return it .
 I am going to try to get a replacement ball from the manufacturer . It may just be that we got a bad ball , but I was very surprised when , after less than 2 months use , the ball developed a 1-inch + tear along a seam . We can no longer use the ball .
 I used this ball for a couple months and before long it got a small puncture and leaked air . No way to repair according to SPRI . I was n't particularly hard on the ball , but I did n't check the floor each time I used it either . I assumed it was more puncture resistant . I think it may have snagged on something . I would recommend the Elite ball , which is more expensive , in the SPRI line . The gym I go to uses the Elite ball and it looks much thicker . Why call this ball `` Professional Plus '' if it is n't all that durable ?
 OK ... so I must have watched every single knife sharpening video on YouTube before I decided which one I was going to buy . It was between the Lansky Diamond Sharpening System or the Spyderco Sharpmaker . I chose the Lansky because it looked to be easier for a beginner with the angle guides and I did n't want to mess up my knifes.So I buy the Lansky with the metal stand and extra stones . I just got finished trying it out on my first knife . Just one of my cheap butterfly knifes thankfully . It totally destroyed it . I went with the 25 degree slot . You ca n't use the 20 or 17 even if you want to because you end up grinding the clamp.I ended up with a 1/2 inch bevel on one side and a 1/8 inch bevel on the other side of my knife . Uneven down the blade . Total garbage . Would n't recommend this to anyone . Should have saved up for the Apex Edge Pro .
 Paragon sports sent me the wrong color . They are making me ship these back and waiting until they process this as an `` exchange '' before they send out the correct items that I ordered . Very poor customer service . I will not order from Paragon Sports again .
 This dvd is just a mess.The voice and the action are out of synch to the point that i had rather watch it with no audio at all . -LRB- Better , I had rather go out for a drink ! -RRB- I am trying one of the easy routines -LRB- i am inflexible after all -RRB- ; the comment starts at the beginning of the exercise , but after maybe 15 secs it starts over . The body is now far ahead with no hope for the voice to catch up with it . I am forced to coordinate with the image and disregard the comment ; but if i had the ability of doing the routines without following the voice AND the video i would not need this dvd.Or maybe it 's just my copy , but note that i have tried it on both my dvd player and my computer . With no luck.I 'll return it ; my advise to you is to accept your inflexibility .
 Too much instruction on basics , with no option for routines without . I was looking for a smooth flowing routine for someone with flexibility restrictions . Just eliminating the blank screen transition and title page for every pose would help . I was very disappointed and again another waste of my money .
 I had the same problem with audio / video sync . about 15-20 seconds into the pose the audio starts over from the beginning so while the model starts bending into whatever pose , the narrator is back at the top telling you to stand straight in mountain pose ... I would turn off the audio , but then how are you supposed to know what to do ? keep looking back at the screen all the time ? I 'm returning it .
 Both my wife and I found the descriptions hard to follow . The language seemed to be for people who have done yoga before . Not only were the descriptions of many poses hard to understand , but in some cases you could not see her make the movements she was describing . We had to go out and buy another DVD as we found this video almost unusable . I would recommend yoga for beginners by Patricia Walden .
 It may have over 35 workouts , but they 're all comprised of a basic set of routines that are cobbled together . There 's no flow to the workouts . The workout sequences are spliced together so that one pose ends before another frame begins.For example , there 's one routine where you lie on your back , hold a belt stretched between both hands , pull it over your head , stretch , and then pull it back over to the starting position . That 's it . The sequence ends and the next pose queues up and begins.A lot of the poses are good , but there is no flow to the routine .
 ... let me reiterate that this is just a mess . A great idea , if the DVD worked properly - but the audio is out of sync with the video on my copy as well . Luckily , I bought it used and did n't pay full price , but the whole thing is completely useless and I have not gotten one bit of use out of it . My first entirely negative buying experience on Amazon -LRB- other than the fact that I did receive the item -RRB- !
 This DVD is awful . The audio is out of sync with the video and sometimes starts over midway through a pose . For one pose , the audio was for a completely different pose . I have another DVD that turns out to be the same set of routines , but on that one everything works.We will not use this DVD again and I will write to BodyWisdom to complain . From now on I will probably stick with Gaiam videos as every single one of those has been of high quality .
 The only good thing I have to say about this stairmaster is that it does seem to be mechanically sound . I originally had the 4000PT which was wonderful . I thought that a newer version would be great , however , I was really disappointed ! I was shocked at how cheaply it was made with what seems to be a very low end plastic type of material . I had to take great care while assembling it because it seemed on the verge of breaking as I put it together ! Anyone who has used the 4000PT knows that it is built like a tank so you can imagine my shock at the lack of quality of the 4200PT . In addition , anyone who is chemically sensitive should beware . There was a definite odor when I removed it from the box which immediately gave me a headache . This is often a problem with cheap plastics , etc. . I can not believe that I paid over $ 2,000 for this piece of junk !
 This watch is ridiculously heavy , and even so it 's a dud as a diver 's watch , which it earnestly claims to be . I took it down just thirty feet and it let water in . Returned it to the store where I bought it for full refund and good riddance to bad rubbish .
 I am very disappointed with this watch . First , the instruction manual is indecipherable . It has very little to do with this actual watch . Second , although I am familiar with GPSr 's and the problems with lost signals in adverse terrain , it is unacceptable that this watch wipes out all previous data every time it loses the GPS signal -LRB- which it does a lot , even under for what are ideal conditions for other GPSr 's -RRB- . So much for the `` distance '' function .
 When I first got this watch I would go to a local park and run one or two laps at 2.2 miles per lap . The first five or six times I did this run , the watch was perfectly accurate with both the pace and the distance . Last time I ran two laps the watch measured the distance out to be 4.6 miles , .2 of a mile long , and earlier today it measured one lap out at 2.44 miles , a full quarter of a mile off over just 2.2 miles . Its just not reliable .
 I 'm disappointed.Due to limits of gps accuracythe short term speed data -LRB- at running speeds -RRB- is so noisy it 's useless.My pace varied + / - 1 minute/milewhile running at a steady 7 min/mile pace.The average speed is a bit more helpfulbut sort of useless towards the end of a long run.You 'd think they 'd have tested this outand created a moving average to smooth out the data.Also there 's no option to display your position.It is a GPS -- seems an easy thing to addand could be very helpful in a pinch!The GPS receiver itself is a bit cumbersome : uncomfortable bouncing with the belt strapand picked up interference from my heart rate monitor.Wearing the GPS receiver on the arm bandrather than the belt clip is a bit uncomfortable at first , but you can get used to it , the bouncing is eliminated , and there 's no interference with the heart rate monitor.I have the feeling that you may get some hand and wrist swelling from the arm strap for long runs -LRB- 3-4 hours -RRB- . On the positive side , the distance data is accurate -LRB- over more than very short distances -RRB- . Compared to heart rate monitor , which can revolutionize your work out , I 'd call this an over priced running gadget , rather than a serious work out tool.I suggest waiting until the prices come down , the speed data is smoother , and GPS data is included.-bill
 What a good concept , a GPS wrist watch . If it only worked.First , if you live in a city with tall buildings -LRB- like New York City -RRB- , good luck getting a constant signal . The GPS receiver only works with a very clear -LRB- not just clear -RRB- view of the sky . Also , hiking in the woods poses a problem for the unit which is much more tempermantal than conventional GPS systems and like buildings is effected by trees and mountains.Despite Timex 's claims that it can work under a light garment , I found that to really work , the GPS receiver must be totally exposed . The unit also had difficulty working in poor weather.I also noticed a significant delay in registering changes in speed and , on several occasions , the unit would show that I was moving between 2 and 2.3 mph when I was totally still . It even showed movement when the GPS receiver was placed on the ground.If you want to see how fast you are going or how far you went , use a conventional GPS which are more reliable and which unlike the GPS 100 can tell you where you are and where you have been .
 I ordered this watch last week to run a marathon with . Today I am sending it back because it is very disappointing.The good : - Small , easy to wear transmitter - Easy set up - The displayed total mileage is very accurate -LRB- as long as there is a satellite signal -RRB- The bad : - The transmitter lost the satellite signal numerous times during my 4 mile test run , making the displayed pace meaningless . - The running pace fluctuated wildly even with the `` smoothing '' function on . I ran at an even pace , the one displayed by the watch was way too slow -LRB- I know my pace -RRB- . - The connection to the satellite signal was very weak as soon as I ran below trees and was totally lost when I entered my street and ran between houses . Thew weather was not a factor because it was a clear and sunny morning . - The pace is displayed in miles per hour not in minutes per mile -LRB- the way every runner measures his or her pace -RRB- . - The stop watch only displays split times and not split and total time simultaneously which is a problem if you are running a race.Conclusion : This watch is for gadget lovers and not for real athletes . If you belong into the second category , do n't spend your money on this watch .
 The good and the bad.UPDATE - I 'm very disappointed with this belt . It was rigid enough for a carry belt for a couple of months but then became way too flexible . I can no loners recommend this belt.The belt is comfortable and of very high quality . Many gun belts are very stiff and rigid while others are too flexible . The rigid belts can become uncomfortable over time while the overly flexible belts can create serious problems when trying to withdraw your weapon in a rapid/fluid motion.This particular belt provides a nice balance by supporting your holster without sag . That 's to say it 's rigid enough to support your weapon without creating discomfort by cutting into your hips . My review is written assuming the user is carrying a small to mid-sized frame weapon using a quality holster . The belt is 11/2 '' wide so you SHOULD use a holster that is designed for a 11/2 '' belt . If the belt loops are larger than 11/2 inches then you need to step up to a larger belt.As the previous reviewer mentioned , this is not a good choice for the 1911 . Quality 1911 holsters have 13/4 '' belt loop holes so simple logic would tell you that you need a 13/4 '' belt . Full size frame 1911 's are heavy which require a wider belt . As a reference , I carry a H&K ; USP Compact .45 which is NOT a small/light weapon . In fact , H&K ; calling it a `` Compact '' is a bit over the top . With this said , I use a Galco Concealable holster -LRB- rides on outside of the belt -RRB- with 11/2 loops and it works very well with this belt . So much so that I bought a tan as well as a black belt.Now the warning - I have a 32 '' waist and I always buy 34 '' belts . This belt in a 34 '' left me with only one spare buckle hole so I had to exchange it for a 36 '' . If the sizing were more accurate then I would have given the belt 5 stars .
 As a major manufacturer of gun belts , holsters , and accessories , I believe this would a sound purchase . This was not the case . It was an inferior produce that only serves as a casual belt . I would recommend the GALCO product as they are all designed to support the wear and carry of a full-size 1911 which is usually the largest carry gun most commonly found .
 For being made in America , this stock is very cheap and a big disappointment . Did n't fit correctly and snapped together and did n't make a tight fit .
 We ordered two of these after purchasing two Ruger 10-22 's , and we were overwhelmingly disappointed in the quality . We knew since they are a low-cost product that the plastic would be of a `` cheaper '' grade , and we were ok with this . However , when we tried to put them together , one of the screw holes was mis-threaded , and on the other one , the screw hole insert was altogether missing ! We finally got one to go together , and dry fired three times . After the third dry-fire attempt , nothing . The trigger would n't even move after that . We returned them , and sadly , even though these stocks say they are made in the USA , we had a hard time believing that they were n't made in China , with all those workmanship issues .
 really not a bad design just the trigger pull is just plain unusable . I am talking 20 lbs plus . It was really fun for me to shoot as a grown male , but i bought it thinking it would be easy for my daughter to use and it was not even close usable . Could not fit the 25rnd mags with out pistol grip mods -LRB- extensive -RRB- .
 This has got to be the cheapest made stock I have ever seen I do not recommend it and am going to just throw it away !
 Looks cool in the pics but the overall quality is about as good as a toy gun you 'd buy at the gas station . I have a feeling if I ever drop it on a hard surface , it will crack to pieces . Not sure the trigger link is going to last through many more boxes of plinking ammo . The scope mount is too far above the barrel to accurately hit targets varying from 25 to 75yds without constant adjustment .
 Muzzelite bullpup stock can be described with one word `` junk '' or `` Crap '' or well take your pick of any other single or string of words . It is nothing more than an airsoft gun gutted out to put your 10/22 in . I had to do extensive modification to get things to fit right , does not fit the 25 round clip -LRB- sold separately -RRB- Trigger pull is unbelievably stiff , could even be considered dangerous , do n't expect to hit anything consistently . I do not recommend this stock at all I will avoid anything with the Muzzelite brand tag on it from here on in .
 Great concept ... execution not so much . The trigger ended up creepy and loose . I took it off and put it back on the original stock .
 Everything is plastic . I had to shave a piece down to get it to fit . The trigger is plastic and the trigger transfer bar is plastic . The `` Iron '' sights are plastic and the rail attachment is plastic . I guess it is cool to just shoot for fun , but you basically turn an accurate , useful 10/22 into a non accurate , not useful , dangerous toy . I love the idea of a bull pup stock , but this is a piece of crap .
 It was not what I expected . The item did n't not have a cap look in front . It looks different that the actual picture .
 I purchased this rod & reel combo for my 3 year-old son at a local retailer prior to a camping trip but should have known better . Even before the trip , my son was practice casting in the back yard with a casting plug on the line and problems became evident immediately . The retrieve was gritty and hard for him to manage without help . The line would occassionally foul inside the housing and I had to perform `` open heart surgery '' -LRB- which * never * happens with `` real '' Zebco kit -RRB- . I wound up replacing it shortly after the trip with a Zebco Authentic 11 Micro combo which is still going strong almost 4 years later . Now , I 've got two Zebco Authentics as I just recently added another the stable when my daughter came on her first fishing trip with us . Skip this one and spend the -LRB- very -RRB- few extra dollars for something that will last for years .
 I bought this for my 3 year old to start teaching him how to fish his first cast into the water went great the corn hit the water the sunfish hit the corn and all was right in my little mans world , though after a few cast the hook stopped going out for him I thought maybe the line had tangles so I took the cover off the reel to check and to my horror the metal part of the inner reel has such a deep groove in it that it 's catching the line as he tries to cast and preventing him from being able to cast . My assumption is that the reel is made of cheapest steel the manufacturer could find since it ca n't even allow you to reel in the line without creating such a deep grove that catches the line and prevents you from being able to cast . I bought this pole in April but we had n't had time to go fishing till this weekend since I had time off for memorial day . We spent a good part of the day consoling our son because he could n't fish anymore with his grooved pole that would n't cast . I would never recommend this pole to anyone for a small child as it 's not worth the broken heart when after a short time to pole no longer functions and they have nothing to fish with .
 This was the second Zebco rod that I had bought for our grandson . Since he is only 5 and I thought that , perhaps , he had been too rough when taking up the slack . This time , he was working on casting in the back yard and the practice lasted a very short time , less than an hour , when the line snarled . These rods are impossible to take apart in order to rewind the spool . I had read reviews online at Amazon and they were about 50-50 but each customer was very satisfied or vewrysorry that they 'd made the purchase . I do n't think a 50 % approval rating is a very good recommendation .
 We bought this pole for my 4 year old daughter . It only cast one time , and when we reeled in the fishing line it got all tangled up and would n't work . It was very cheap and we ended up sending it back .
 This should be a perfect kid 's rod - my grandson is 5 and we took him fishing for the first time last week - the rod was a perfect size for him and he managed the casting and reeling in just perfectly - - however - after about 8 casts - he was no longer able to reel in the line - it just sat there no matter how he cranked in the reel - all of the adults tried to fix the rod - - to no avail - - there were no backlashes on the line - nothing - it just broke - - fortunately we were able to get him a regular adult rod that he could manage and he caught his first fish - a rainbow trout !
 The Packs in the image other then that Upper Deck are all worth between 15 to 20 cents each and the Upper Deck pack maybe 50 cents and I would point out if the 25 packs you get are indeed what they show in that Image then it is highly unlikely going to be worth the $ 25 Dollars you would have to pay .
 The Shakespeare Kid 's Fishing Kit that I ordered did not work at all . My kid was very disappointed that I could not fix the reel . I only found out later that this fishing pole contains lead parts .
 This product is mislabeled ! The product sent was actually a 2 '' - 2.25 '' tube . Be wary if the width of the tube is important to you as it was for me ! The company has not responded still to my attempts to get the right product and it has been 2 + weeks since I first tried to contact them !
 This is NOT an NBA authentic Lakers jersey . This is a SWINGMAN jersey . HUGE difference . Had I known this , would have not purchased ... but seeing as how it 's four days until christmas I am obviously stuck with it . Very dissapointed . would not ever buy from again.The NBA makes three types of basketball jerseys to sell
 I bought one of these pillows from REI . When I got the pillow home , it was thin , and lumpy . I was n't impressed at all , and took it back the next day . I was told at REI the pillow was made out of scraps of material that they use for other products . Not a good buy in my book . I suppose it would be great for backpackers though .
 My experience with this pillow is that it fluffs up beautifully after each wash/dry cycle ... I then get a wonderful night 's sleep on the fully fluffed pillow.But after being compressed for travel -LRB- I travel by motorcycle & space is at a premium -RRB- , it never plumps up enough again -LRB- even by `` helping '' it along -RRB- to be truly comfortable after the second night . -LRB- And I got the `` large '' ... anything smaller would be truly useless -RRB- . So ... I am still searching for a better camping pillow .
 When this pillow arrived it was rolled up in travel mode . When I unrolled it it was completely flat and stayed that way for two days . I washed it to see what would happen and it plumped up beautifully . It looked like it was going to be a really great pillow at that point , at least until I rolled it up again . When I unrolled it on the trail for my first nights sleep it was flat again . I tried to plump it up with no avail . This would be a good pillow if it had batting inside instead of foam cubes . I will be replacing the cube foam with something else . The pillow is pretty much useless like it is .
 The pillow comes rolled up and tucked into a self-contained flap . There is a drawstring to carry it . That 's all nifty.However , once unrolled , it is flat and lumpy and I do n't see how anyone could find it remotely comfortable to sleep on . -LRB- I sent it back -RRB- .
 All these compressed pillows are cute , but way too small ! I 'm thinking use a compression bag full of extra clothes for a pillow . I need something that holds my large head up a bit . Maybe an extra large size could work ?
 I bought this to use for car camping , thinking it would be comfortable and save space . It does not fluff up , in no way is it like a regular pillow , it is a bag filled with loose lumps ! In my past I have done a lot of backpacking . I would n't recommend this for that either . One will be much more comfortable to get a small empty pillow case and stuff it with clothes , that is much better than this item . Thermarest pads are good , but not this item .
 I am shocked that there are so many positive reviews of this pillow . It is simply a rolled up sack of lumpy foam bits and no amount of tossing and fluffing made my pillow resemble the one in the picture.In all fairness , I thought I was buying a pillow with an inflatable core -LRB- since I came to it via a search for `` inflatable pillow '' -RRB- , which this is not . I realize , that had I read the description more carefully , I might have discerned that `` compressible '' is not the same as `` inflatable '' . Nonetheless , it was neither comfortable or small -LRB- when packed -RRB- as I had hoped .
 I thought that I may have gotten a defective product but after reading other reviews it seems that it has a design deficiency : - to make it compressible its filled with roughly 1/4 of foam that it really needs to and as such it is very flat and lumpy - there is more air -LRB- nothing -RRB- in it that the filling material . Whatever filling material is in there it is lumped together after being rolled and unrolled.Mine went back , would leave 0 stars if could
 This so called pillow is a joke , there is hardly any sudstance to it . I ordered the large andIf like no support of anykind this thing is for you . I ca n't believe anyone would like this . Walmart has a travel pillow of memory foam and it is TB for $ 7 heavily recommend the Walmart pillow
 I have one of these and at first thought it was awesome , but after some more use backpacking , I just do n't bother taking it with me any more.It 's full of chunky foam . You can feel the individual pieces of foam chunk on your face when you sleep , the whole thing has a rather lumpy feel . So it 's not an awesome pillow as a pillow.It 's also pretty huge . Even fully compressed it takes up a lot of room in the backpack.So I just use a stuff sack full of clothes for my pillow . It 's almost as comfortable , takes up no room or weight since I have to carry the clothes anyway , and is free . A much better deal all around .
 Arrived as scheduled and product matches description . Is a bit `` lumpy '' but smooths out eventually . Pillow is a bit better than nothing . Ultimately used it as a top pillow with a bulky shirt underneath . The larger size might be better . Fortunately pillow is light weight and wraps up in my sleeping bag sack fine . Cost is not a big issue and it is usable but a pillow case from home with clothing inside might be a better option .
 This pillow was advertised as large . I was very disappointed to find my bed pillow is larger ! . It was intended to replace an old study pillow , but will be in the car as a head rest on long trips . I would hate to see the small pillow .
 This is not a good product . The base camp mattress by the same company is a high quality product , however the pillow does not expand and provides only a tiny amount of lumpy padding . A small rolled towel would be better as a pillow than this product .
 Sadly , i was not at all satisfied with the Thermarest Compressible Pillow . First of all the product arrived in the shipping box with no wrapping , who knows wheres its been dropped or dragged . Second , after unrolling it , it didnt fluff up at all . I had to shake it and beat to get it to fluff up about half way . It feels like its stuffed with packing peanuts . I could immediately tell that it would not be good for me for a comfortable nights sleep .
 These pillows are TERRIBLE ! I think they may even be defective , but I do n't want to have to pay the shipping to return them . Do n't buy them - they are horrible . The stuffing inside is all wadded into strips . It is lumpy . It does n't even resemble a pillow .
 Please do not buy on high ratings alone , try to find a local store to test this pillows for yourself.Simply all-round worthless peace of gear , I have a cheap cocoon travel pillow -LRB- same size , same pack size -RRB- and 5 times more comfortable .
 I have used therm-a-rest products for years and are excellent . What happened here ? Maybe I got a bad one , most reviews were good . This pillow offers no support or cushioning . I will send it back .
 I used this pillow for a few years and it was better than the alternative , which was stuffing my polar fleece into a ditty bag . However , the open celled foam that it contains became clumpy after a wash or two and would n't get soft again . It was still fine , until I found out about theNemo Fillo Luxury Pillow . This pillow has no stuffing at all . It has an inflatable air mattress that is covered by closed cell foam on the top . It has shock cords on the bottom to allow you to wad up your jacket and give it extra loft , although I found I did n't need it . There is simply no comparison . The Nemo pillow is much more comfortable , compacts to less than half the size of the Thermarest , and weighs roughly the same . I usually canoe-camp where weight and size are n't an issue , but if I were to go back packing , I 'd figure out a way to bring the Nemo pillow . No more stiff-neck in the mornings ! Do n't waste your money on the Thermarest , pay a little extra for a much better night 's sleep .
 Are you kidding me.This thing is so small , do n't bother.No support what so ever.Can ' t be called a pillow of any sort.Save your money
 I tried to use it but it was horrible . I threw it out and bought a different compressable pillow at Target for less money that was way better . Save your money !
 I unrolled one of these pillows in my local store and did my best to make it expand/loft . It was still lumpy and miserable . I spent about 45min shopping and came back , the pillow never got better , the fill never expanded.The Thermarest packs into a long , skinny shape and once compressed , it has no give whatsoever . This pillow is so lumpy and pathetic that I ca n't see any advantage over just rolling up clothes.I bought an 18 '' Teton pillow for $ 10 and I 'm quite satisfied . The Teton 's fill does n't get nearly as lumpy , it seems to stay squishy even when packed . I put the Teton in the bottom of my bag into one of the oddly-shaped voids left by my tightly-packed sleeping bag.BOTTOM LINE
 do not spend your money on luxury watches . they will be shipped from Malaysia , and are Fake.there is little recourse - so do n't waste your time .
 Only 2 stars for this watch . While i do not own this particular brand , i do own a Planet Ocean 2200.50.00 which has the DOUBLE ANTI GLARE -LRB- anti glare on inside and outside of crystal -RRB- . The watch looks great , no complaints about that.Take note before you buy any of these watches from Omega that have the Double anti glare . THEY SCRATCH EASILY !! Mine scratched after 2 months and Omega will not warranty it . In fact , if you go to their website , they do n't even have a customer service number and it states this : `` Due to the considerable interest shown in the OMEGA brand , our staff is answering an unprecedented number of inquiries . Therefore , you should expect a response time of at least four weeks . We thank you for your patience and understanding . '' ONLY THROUGH EMAILI feel that after spending $ 4000 on a watch , that they should replace it or at least re-imburse the cost . They do not and will not , so you are stuck with a scratched watch.Save your bucks and get a ROLEX or Tag . Customer service on these Omega 's are NILL !
 Save your money and go buy a pool noodle . This is all this is with a sleave around it . Was dissapointed when received ... got a refund
 If you hit this ball on the perimeter face , it will bend and chip the paint on the top of the club . Also this club lacks distance even if you hit the sweet spot . I would recommend not purchasing this club even at the reduced cost .
 I purchased this flag for use in my boat . It is one of the Coast Guard requirements for operating a boat . I purchased a large square piece of oak to attach the flag to since it does not come with any way to display it.As soon as I opened the bag and unfolded the flag , I noticed 4 large pieces of white , reinforced tape , one at each corner , extending 6 '' into the flag , installed underneath the grommets.First , I see NO reason for the tape to be there . It is not holding anything and does nothing . I was unable to remove the tape because the grommets had been installed over the tape.This tape looks REALLY tacky . Please look at product picture very closely . I have returned the flag for a refund .
 i was disappointed to see that the clip cant even hook to my dock cleat the clip opens wide enough but not enough room to get the cleat all the way in . could have ben designed allot better sense its actually made for this purpose ! so the rope was thrown in the garage not being used .
 Both of the plastic snap hooks broke under very light use -LRB- Within two weeks of purchase -RRB- . When the first one broke my wave runner floated away I was there and had to go in and get it . I would not recomend this product .
 The plastic hooks broke the first time we used them and we had to replace them with metal ones . The rope is good quality .
 PURCHASED ITEM FOR MY WAVE RUNNER . THE PLASTIC CLIP IS TOO STIFF TO USE TO CLIP TO SKI RING AND RINGS ON THE STEERING BASE OR ANY SITUATION . WAS NOT DESIGNED TO CLIP ON TIGHTER SPOTS EITHER . AFTER PLACING CLIP ON SKI RING , A WAVE CAUSED THE PLASTIC PIECE TO BREAK . LUCKILY , I HAD A ROPE ON THE FRONT TIED TO THE DOCK OR THE RUNNER WOULD HAVE FLOATED INTO THE ROCKY BANK.WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM !!!!!
 Not happy with the product . Would not buy them again . The plastic snap hooks snapped as soon as the water got choppy and the braided line is already fraying after a few days use .
 I 've been buying these socks for about 10 years . They fit great and are comfortable walking socks . Unfortunately , the quality is not what it used to be . The tops of these socks now unravel after only a few washings . Once that happens , the sock starts degrading rather quickly . They just started making them cheaper . I doubt that I 'll buy any more .
 I was very dissapointed . I have been buying Thorlo brand socks since 1997 . I purchased size 13 thinking it would fit for a man with 10.5 size feet . They were too small and fit me , I wear women 's size 8 .
 I think I might have gotten the wrong size , but the seller refused to answer my emails . I 'm a sock connoisseur , and do n't mind paying a lot for a really good long lasting soak , but these were way over priced . I 'm not sure if it was the Walking Crew or the Fitness Crew 's that I also ordered but one of them was too thick making them uncomfortable to wear , ie . I wasted $ 25 + on two pairs of socks ! I wanted to return the un-opened pair but again , the seller refused to answer my emails . btw . I have other pairs of store bought Thorlo 's that I love ... I must have six pairs of them . VERY long lasting ... but I did n't find them with this dealer .
 I ordered a mens size 11 but received a womens size 5-8 . very disappionted
 For the second time I have ordered these socks from FootSmart . And for the second time Footsmart sent my socks the WRONG HOUSE . I will never order from them again . I will have to find another seller of these socks . I called Footsmart and they told me it was Amazons fault for sendthing them the wrong address . Then I call amazon who has the correct address.Im so sick of this run around . I was to go on vacation and take the socks with me . Not now .
 esta cuerdas de bajo no ofrecen calidad ni en su sonoridad ni su resistencia . Su precio es bajo pero en el futuro prefiero pagar m&agrave;s y obtener un producto de calidad musicalThis bass strings do not offer the sound quality or no resistance . Its price is low but in the future rather pay more and get a quality musical
 The tone is dead . It sounded like the strings were already used . Nowhere near the tone of DR 's or Rotosounds . waste of money
 This base set did not even last one season . Just having my 6 year old tap home plate is making holes in it and it is crumbling to pieces ... . Very disappointed , I expected at least one full season of use .
 I purchased these bases to play backyard wiffle-ball with a five year old.The Good : Lightweight , portable , and brings a child 's imagination alive as he plays ball in his home ` stadium ' . The Bad : These bases are constructed of very thin , flexible rubber that developed several cracks and holes after only a few hours of barefoot baseball . In addition to the poor material , these bases are extremely shiny and white ; you may think that will make them easy to see but look at a base in the bright sun without a donning welding mask and you may never see again ! I plan to cover them withDuck Brand 1265015 1.88-Inch by 20-Yard Colored Duck Tape , Winking Whiteas a permanent fix .
 I bought these bases for my backyard and practice situations . It was much thinner than i thought it would be .
 Son de una goma muy fina y se da & ntilde ; an rapidamente sinceramente fue tirar el dinero porque fue una mala compra . No lo recomiento
 I 've had this for over a year now . I bought it looking for wind protection and am very disappointed with the breathability of this product . It traps moisture inside and I end up with a visibly damp shirt and have to turn the jacket inside out to dry . That 's what happens in dry weather . The fit is comfortable and it 's otherwise conveniently designed . The fabric in white is quite see-through . Later I purchased Turfer 's `` Womens 's Light Weight Endurance Jacket '' for $ 14.95 and that 's been the perfect windbreaker . It 's now up to $ 19.95 and I 'm ordering another color .
 I have been fishing with Johnson rod and reels for 40 + years , other than the bolt that holds the crank/handle on coming loose , I have had no complaints . BUT , this is the worst reel I have ever had . It catches and drags like it needs lubricated . I have taken it apart , lubricated it , and it still catches . Should have sent it back after the first cast !
 Poor quality balls . They slide around and are difficult to control unlike the solid white rubber balls . These plastic balls have a decent weight but are too slick .
 I liked the price per ball ratio , however when I ordered and then used the Foosballs I noticed that the surface of the ball sometimes made the ball roll erratically on the table . These were bought for a company breakroom and the overall opinion of the balls were pretty negative .
 This product just hangs on your dartboard so it is rather light , not securely fastened , and can rattle around . Also since it hangs there is a small gap around most of the dart board . You 'd be surprised on how often your darts will find this gap . Stops the darts if you 're way off , but I 'd save my money for a real backboard or cabinet .
 What a let down first of all it did n't fit theDart board . the front was allWrinkled . And the board was very thinAnd cheap . And it was late arriving
 Really too thin to be much protection -LRB- I had to add a layer of plastic-counter-type stuff behind it to fully protect the wall.The square shape is great for the convenience of the manufacturer/shipper , BUT does not provide equal protection at all angles around a Circular dartboard ! A donut/ring shape would have been MUCH better , since no one can guarantee at what angle a throw will miss the board.I 've got it , so I 'll use it , but I personally would not buy it again .
 Total Crap ! Went through four tubes for kids electric scooter ... All were dry , cracked and leaking . Do not buy these tubes ...
 bought 2 tubes ... 1 tube ripped out the valve before I got air in it , the other held for 3 hours before it tore
 The tube I replaced had a sheered off valve which is why I bought this one , and I know did n't have a hole as it did n't need filling . I finally installed it this month , and it needs air every time my son rides it.My time frame to contact the seller to replace has expired , so I ca n't comment on their performance and whether they would have replaced it .
 I purchased 2 of these tubes . The valves on both tubes leaked and kept going flat . Plus a regular bike pump would n't fit the valve . Not worth your money .
 My wife is an Oregon alumni , so I thought it would be neat for our 50 pound dog . The collar looks very good , but with even a slight tug from the dog , will not stay tight . I 've needed to tighten it up after every walk , which , needless to say , gets quite annoying . I have n't had this problem with other collars like this , so I 'm not really sure why this one does this . Hopefully they can make a far more sturdy collar in the future , because this one is only good for use on game day .
 These are the worst tubes I 've ever purchased . I had purchased one before these and it lasted less than 100 miles before i had a flat . It was on the seam . Went home and replaced with another one and it went flat . Then did a 2nd one and it went flat . -LRB- had checked the tire first for a sharp object and it was ok -RRB- Luckily , i had another brand and it worked like a charm . Will never buy this brand again . Maybe it was just a bad batch from the factory . Hopefully the seller will take care of it for me ...
 The 950 came as OE on my recumbent . I have about 900 miles on it . It has often skipped in the middle two cogs , even after adjustments on the barrel adj. Today when I took it off to place it on an new upgraded rear wheel , all the 9 cogs fell apart ... and there was a small thin bolt/pin laying by them . `` What the hell is this ? '' Well it goes thru the first 5 or so large cogs , and then screws into the 3rd smallest cog . However there is no way for the average cyclist to do this . It apparently requires a special tool . Looking @ the old wheel I could see where the loose bolt/pin had buggered up three of my spokes near the hub ! So I guess it is good I 'd decided to upgrade the wheel , as the old wheel with damaged spokes could have been a real probem on the road due to this cheaply made cassette .
 Shifted fine for the first month of road riding . Then the chain began skipping over or jumping off the 4th and 8th gear . After replacing it with a Shimano Tiagra cassette I examined the SRAM closely . I found some of the coggs on the SRAM had bent . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' and 240LBS , a klidesdale ! Still the cassette should have used a stronger alloy for durability .
 I ordered this for my 2-yr-old 's birthday and they sent me a 12 inch version . Sadly , my husband did n't notice the size problem before assembling the trike and wrapping it to give to her . When I tried to exchange for the smaller size , Kettler told me they no longer make the 10-inch . The larger one is too big for a 2-yr-old . So if you 're looking for the smaller size , try a different brand ! Bummer to have to give my daughter a trike she could n't use , then disassemble to send back , run down to Target for a different one , then assemble that . I wish Amazon would take down this product entry so nobody else has the same problem I had .
 First , I really do n't take the time to write reviews unless something is either really horrible or really awesome about the product . This dartboard arrived damaged at the corners , the pine frame evidently bangs/dings up fairly easy due to its poor construction . the backing is medium density fiberboard -LRB- MDF -RRB- which is poorly mounted to the pine frame with additional mdf shims . The pine frame and mdf is all fastened with glorified staples . its light , its cheap , but its also poorly constructed so we did n't even try to hang it on the wall . Once we opened the box , we knew it should be sent back . Guess that 's what you get for one of the cheapest backboards out there .
 Its shown with a natural wood trim but the item arrived with a very poor blotchy medium brown stain . It almost looks like they did n't finish staining the item in the corners . I bought this because of DMI 's reputation in quality dart boards but not the case here . It was poorly packed and arrived with some minor scratches . Low quality , I would n't recommend it .
 I 've ordered this same exact knife from several different vendors in the past and was always pleased . This time it came from `` Regate '' and it was the wrong knife . I called their customer service number many times , no answer , left many emails , no answer . I asked them to either allow me to exchange the wrong product for the right one , or at least refund me . I did this for about 2 months , til I realized they do n't care and are n't going to help me at all . It 's been a terrible experience and I wo n't be ordering from them again , and possibly from Amazon again either .
 Bought this for my daughter for a Stowe trip . The skis still seems to slide back and forth with this on . Also it 's overpriced for what it 's made of , in my opinion . It does do the basic job of holding your skis together , but I 'm not sure it does that well enough .
 I just received these and the size medium is about 1-1/2 inches too long for me in the foot . I wear a size 7W womens shoe and have to return the socks . I will try the size small and provide an update . Hopefully they wo n't be tight in the calf .
 Description of these socks stated there was no elastic which is a false statement , other than that I guess they were okay , but they had too much elastic for me so I returned them
 I puchased these socks for my husband . While they were not tight and constrictive , they slipped down , bunching up in his shoes , causing him to remove his shoes several times a day to pull up the socks . Instead of complaining , he finally gave them to our dog who loves to chew on them .
 I ordered two of these tubes to refit my road bike with . Prior to mounting onto the rim , I inflated both of them to 20 PSI . I instantaneously noticed three bulges on both tubes . Two were located next to the valve stem and one located about a quarter of a turn away from the valve stem . I installed the tubes anyway , inflated them to 60 PSI , and then put my road bike back onto the bike rack of my car . This bike rack keeps the bike off of the ground , ergo , no pressure on the tires . The next morning when I walked by my car I noticed that the rear tire of the bike was deflated . After removing the tire and tube , the tube had a 3 inch long tear right next to the valve stem where two of the bulges were located.I can only imagine how un-safe these tubes are in actual riding conditions considering the fact that they burst with no load on them and having never been ridden . I would certainly steer clear of these and choose another brand before trusting yourself on something such as these .
 Bought these tubes to replace some older tubes when I replaced the tires on my bike . Tubes seemed flimsy . When I inflated the tires the tube on one tire imediately popped like a cheap balloon . Poor quality .
 Do not buy this tube ! I bought these to replace two flats i had on my road bike -LRB- 28c -RRB- and one of them went flat in less than 24 hours . I know it ca n't be the terrain because i live in a city and i purposely road very carefully the one time i rode it . As soon as i woke up the next morning the tire was flat . What the ? So i took out the tube and was checking for leaks by inflating it - lo and behold there was a leak the size of a pen dot right under the valve . . i checked my rim and tire - nothing . Just a crappy tube . Do n't buy this .
 This inner tube only lasted 24 hours . I inflated it to 80 pounds . The next day the tube had burst . I do n't recommend this .
 No where does it list that the stem will not fit through the hole in my wheel nor would it fit through the diameter of my wife 's bike wheel if I wanted to keep the tubes . I will have to send the tubes back .
 I received the tube , began to install it and found a hole in the tube . Was n't worth the trouble or money to send it back , but was annoying . Amazon should stick to books .
 I read the reviews of this product and was n't sure . I ordered anyway because it seems difficult to find tubes that receive consistently good reviews . I installed this tube without any problems , and I suppose it 's working . However , it 's been a couple of months , and I have to give this tube an extraordinary about of inflation prior to each ride . The tubes that came with my bicycle did not require nearly this much inflation , and I had those for many years . I suggest looking elsewhere .
 Horrible tubes . Very annoying to inflate . Wish I had n't bought 2 :-LRB- both are giving me a hard time with inflating . I have many years of experience replacing tubes . Worst tubes I have even encountered by far !
 These were replacement tubes . I bought two . The back tube blew out on the first ride about 5 miles into it . Buying two new ones and replacing the front one as well .
 yosemite bicycles sold the Sunlite bicycle tube 27 x 1-1/8 to me . It arrived with a manufacture defect . I purchased in fall and did not open till the next summer . It was way past warranty . Yosemite bicycle sent me a replacement with no hassle . Great company . Would do business in future with no problem . Thanks for great service .
 I put the one tube I bought on the rim , worked the new road tire back over the rim.When I was ready , I put the pressure nozzel to the valve , and gave it a small shot of air.After I was certain air was making it into the inner-tube , I gave it some more air.The inner-tube exploded with a loud Bang.Looked at the tube , along a seam is a 6in opening , it just kinda opened up like a zipper .
 I bought the training wheels in late August of 2008 for my son 20 '' inch bike , the first day the wheels was put on my son bent them out of place , their not made for children over six years old . I was disappointed with my purchase , I guess that 's why their so cheap I waisted my money !
 I needed a pack to carry two bottles of water , some accessories -LRB- GPS , phone , gloves , and the like -RRB- and be comfortable . The thing has the room for accessories , but that 's all I can say that 's good about it.Bottles - what are these for , soup ? You have to unscrew the cap - then you 're looking at an opening the size of the bottle . Why not bite or sip caps ? So the bottles went into storage . Now , the pockets will fit standard water bottles - but if the bottles sweat , or you use frozen bottles to start the day , they 'll slip out often . The elastic straps are useless . Forget the larger bottles - they 'll fall out instantly . All that really works well are stubby water bottles.Fit - You have to really cinch the straps down to achieve a good fit and comfortable ride . But with two full water bottles , the thing fill keep trying to slide down and rock backwards . Feels really awkward . Clip on bottles on my belt work better.Bottles and fit - OK , you have the bottles in place and the pack cinched down . Now you have to remove a bottle to drink . Usually takes two hands - and the moment the bottle comes out , the entire pack becomes lose and slides down . Takes two -LRB- or three ! -RRB- hands to put the bottle back . You ca n't just swivel the pack around.Padding - in the pack itself , zero . On the waist/lumbar pad , it 's about 3/8 of an inch.Comfort - wore this for 6 hours on a hot , humid day . The lumbar pad trapped water and sweat . By the time the hike was done , the entire area by and around the lumbar area was soaked and chafing . The rest of me - not nearly so wet . The pad acts like a sponge and traps sweat . Just imagine wearing a huge sponge just above your butt , one that 's constantly soaked and is keeping your upper buttocks soaked the entire hike . Taking off the pack allowed me to dry off . I really debated putting it back or just carrying it.If I had to do over again , I would not purchase this pack . It 's for transport - not use while hiking . Stop , take it off , have a drink , put it back on . Move on . Thirsty ? Stop , take it off , have a drink , put it on .
 The description says that it is 18 '' and it is not !! It is really , REALLY small ! I am very disappointed . It wo n't even hold a camera ! I wish I could return it before the occasion I needed it for . Very upset . Not as pictured !! In the picture it shows the case holding a drill .
 This is a reasonable light that certainly does a good job of making you visible to motorists . I would agree with the reviewer about brightness - it is not really bright enough to use as the only source of illumination.For me the most disappointing factor is the ` no tools ' fitting strap . It grips poorly on glossy surfaces - like many handlebars , for example ! I ended up gluing rubber patches to the inside of the strap to improve this.Worse , the strap tensioner actually broke apart after just over a year of use . The pivot pins are just not up to the rest of the build quality.Pros - Good light for sodium lit city streets - Really waterproof - Solid caseCons - The ` no tools ' strap simply sucks . - You 'll need another light if it is genuinely dark where you ride.Not really worth the investment . I bought a cheaper 5-led light - with a proper screwdriver tightened quick release fixing - that I am far happier with.The CatEye is now an expensive spare flashlight .
 As a bicycle enthusiast who has owned CatEye products for nearly 20 years , I eagerly attached this light to by mountain bike and went for a spin around the streets and trails of Manhattan . Unfortunately , I was rather disappointed with its overall usability.The light uses three intense bluish-white LEDs that are very easy to see from a distance when facing the light . However , these are not powerful enough to illuminate a trail , road , or pothole . In short , the light is excellent tool to acknowledge your position to oncoming motorists and other cyclists . The flashing mode is especially easy to see . Yet , the light is simply not powerful enough to illuminate the ground before you . Hence , it is basically useless if you are trying to avoid potholes on roads or vehicle barriers on poorly lit bicycle trails.ProsGood ConstructionMultifunctionWaterproofConsInsufficient brightnessUses AAA instead of AA
 So I 'm working out with this set for a while , getting some personal bests . I go workout somewhere else and their bar feels heavier . I get home and weigh mine and to my disgust it is 38lbs rather than the expected 45 ... Pretty pathetic .
 I recieved this weight set and could not use it because one of the main plates had a hole smaller than 2 inches . It would not fit on the bar , or 2 others i tried . Called Troy and got nowhere . They said to bring it back to amazon . Called the company that shipped it and they contacted Troy and said they got nowhere . So now i am out close to $ 500 bucks . I am pursuing legal avenues , but this is ridiculous . DONT DEAL WITH TROY !!!
 They never shipped my order , and then canceled it almost a week later . Thanks for wasting my time .
 Ordered and received the large 58 '' x 80 '' blanket . Unfortunately the blanket is well under 70 '' inches long . This product is not labelled or advertised by therm a rest correctly .
 I bought two of these am returning because reg size only 70 `` x41 '' not 76 `` x48 '' alittle small I dont like being missled I want what I ordered.Problem NOT with amazon therm a rest company is problem
 Most uncomfortable safety glasses I have ever worn . These are pretty much worthless , DO NOT BUY ! I bought them for shooting , they wo n't work for that or really anything else . As soon as you put them on you 'll feel a hard edge plastic piece gouging into your head .
 This is a reasonable light that certainly does a good job of making you visible to motorists . I would agree with the reviewer about brightness - it is not really bright enough to use as the only source of illumination.For me the most disappointing factor is the ` no tools ' fitting strap . It grips poorly on glossy surfaces - like many handlebars , for example ! I ended up gluing rubber patches to the inside of the strap to improve this.Worse , the strap tensioner actually broke apart after just over a year of use . The pivot pins are just not up to the rest of the build quality.Pros - Good light for sodium lit city streets - Really waterproof - Solid caseCons - The ` no tools ' strap simply sucks . - You 'll need another light if it is genuinely dark where you ride.Not really worth the investment . I bought a cheaper 5-led light - with a proper screwdriver tightened quick release fixing - that I am far happier with.The CatEye is now an expensive spare flashlight .
 As a bicycle enthusiast who has owned CatEye products for nearly 20 years , I eagerly attached this light to by mountain bike and went for a spin around the streets and trails of Manhattan . Unfortunately , I was rather disappointed with its overall usability.The light uses three intense bluish-white LEDs that are very easy to see from a distance when facing the light . However , these are not powerful enough to illuminate a trail , road , or pothole . In short , the light is excellent tool to acknowledge your position to oncoming motorists and other cyclists . The flashing mode is especially easy to see . Yet , the light is simply not powerful enough to illuminate the ground before you . Hence , it is basically useless if you are trying to avoid potholes on roads or vehicle barriers on poorly lit bicycle trails.ProsGood ConstructionMultifunctionWaterproofConsInsufficient brightnessUses AAA instead of AA
 I bought this to supplement my other ultimate discs thinking it would be a nice addition cuz it cost more . Not so ... when throwing for fun at the park everyone fights over the Discraft frisbee 's and swears when they throw the Wham-o ... It 's not flat at all , or very round . when I put a heavy spin on it you can see it `` fwoomp-ing '' through the air . Yeah , sure I can throw it better than a Walmart frisbee but that 's about it ... I gave it to a friend who 's just getting into throwing ...
 The Discraft UltraStar 175 g is the official disc for the sport of Ultimate . You will pay less for that disc than this `` frisbee , '' and you will receive superior quality , durability , and ease of use . DO NOT BUY THIS FRISBEE .
 The Frisbee did not survive the first outing . We felt it was a total ripoff and were disappointed by the no return policy .
 First , if you want a real disc buy a Ultra-Star 175G Ultimate Disc - Standard Colors . These are the real deal . They are the official disc for playing Ultimate.Second , do n't support Wham-O whose lame trademark of `` frisbee '' prevents others from manufacturing what is generically a `` frisbee '' as a `` disc . '' So lame . Its not like mr. tissue invented paper with which to blow your nose , however , mrs. frisbee 's pie tins were the first `` frisbees . '' spending money to buy this and protect it is super lame .
 These discs are awful anyone who has ever played with a Discraft disc will never ever go back to this junk . I would highly recommend getting a dicraft ultra star they are about the same price but are a much nicer disc .
 I had ordered the team sit down photo . I recieved something else in its place .
 The binocs came in a box that said travel binoculars . Apparently same binocs are marketed different purposes . The rubber coating made it hard to put in the carry strap . The main thing was it did not focus properly . I sent it back and got another higher priced brand from another vendor . I have a Meade telescope that works fine . I understand Meade backs their products and will make things right but I did not want the hassle .
 I bought this for my nephew and when I opened the box there was a label saying that product is not allowed in California because it may cause cancer , birth defects ... There is NO WAY I will give something to a child that is n't 100 % safe . I am returning it . I just thought that people SHOULD KNOW this before buying it .
 I ordered 2 balls -LRB- one for each son -RRB- one ball holds air the other does not . I sent the first one back and the second one will not hold air either . Needless to say my child is disappointed and I have not taken the time to deal with it again !
 I bought for my birthday wich was 80 's style . But the ball is really small , very poor quality.Worked very good as a decoration , but when the kids started to play with , the ball came off . Did n't make 2 hours in the party .
 I ordered this item for an 80s themed party I am having and it came without the ball . I probably would not order products from this company .
 This item was defective . The ball insert will not stay inflated . I will not buy any more items like this again here .
 These socks were impossible to run a marathon in ! They are so thick and bulky . I had to buy different socks and I am so glad I gave them a tryout before the marathon because I would have been in trouble !! Just training 2 hours in these socks gave me painful blisters !! If you are looking for thinner socks - these are not for you !
 The first night we used this a thunderstorm rolled in . It was n't extremly sever , but it did last about an hour . Every seam leaked , horribly . By the end of the rain we had standing water in the tent . We ended up cutting our trip short , and returned it the following day . I was very unsatisfied with this tent , which is sad because all previous coleman tents I 've used in the past faired nicely in the rain .
 Just what I was looking for . After researching many tents I came across this one . It had many cool features and it was backed by Coleman 's WeartherTec System -LRB- tm -RRB- `` Guaranteed to keep you dry '' . I was impressed by their online claims that all tents were tested in a Rain Room and also in a Wind Room . The special features also included special `` leak-free '' seems to protect you from the elements . The tent worked great in dry weather . The first night it rained it leaked at virtually every seem . Even the door leaked at its ' seems . With sleeping bags and pillows drenched we had to sleep in the car . We knew for sure the floor of the tent was water proof since we discovered in the morning that a small pool had accumulated inside . I had to drive 45 min . out to buy tarps . I really liked the tent , I just wish it where water proof .
 We bought this tent last summer and used it one beautiful sunny weekend . It was great ! Totally loved the tent . We used it a couple of months later on a not so nice weekend . It rained most of the 3 days and nights . We got very , very wet . The seams near the bottom are below the rain fly . water literally poured in along the seam . We woke up the first night to standing water inside the tent . All our clothes were wet , our sleeping bags were wet . It was bad ! We had to cover the tent with a tarp and one of our freestanding canopies so we could make it through the trip . Even with this extra covering , it still leaked in at the few points we could n't get secondary cover over . I packed it up and sent it back to Campmor where I bought it . They refunded the tent and the shipping . I 've always liked Coleman . Maybe I just got a bad one . But I 'll never rick it again . I 'm getting a great Mountain Hardwear ten to replace it .
 We bought this tent and had it returned to Coleman as it leaked and tore in one spot . It says it is a 6-8 person tent , however 3 persons max from my point of view . The screen house is a great place to set up a chair and table and be protected from bugs , however it is not a place to sleep -LRB- unless you are a dog -RRB- . The door system is fantastic and is the highlight of the tent . The remote lighting system is also very good . Parts in the tent are not high quality , especially the tent pegs and battery pack for the lighting system . The first battery pack we got with this tent had broken and needed to be replaced.All considered , a tent we would not buy again and as such we have moved to something different . Coleman need to re-think this one and get back onboard with quality rather than cheap and nasty ! Coleman were really helpful when we returned the tent and gave us a full refund . For those buying this tent or who have one already , I would recommend getting hold of some spare parts !
 I bought this tent 3 years ago . In the last three years I set it up twice at our patio for kids to play in it.Last week we took it out camping first time . At midnight , it started raining . The rain was not too heavy and lasted for only 20 minutes . Water started getting in from the seams and our sleeping bag got wet.We were lucky the rain lasted for only 20 minutes , otherwise we would be all wet.I contacted Coleman through chat . They did n't seem to care and only offered to send some sealers.No more Coleman tent for me .
 This tent is not worth the money.I love the layout and it is a terrific fair weather tent.Lots of room and nice to look out at the stars from the open roof.Also terrific to be able to move from the tents interior to the screened room without going outside.Spent many bugless evenings sipping wine with the wife then retiring to the tent witout letting the critters in.Now for the problems.I can only assume that `` weathermaster '' was meant as an irony . Like naming the big dog `` Tiny '' . This tent LEAKS LEAKS LEAKS !!! Like no tent I have ever owned and I have owned many!It is so over priced it is not even funny!The light fixture in ours was busted when it arived at our door so I 've never enen attempted to use it.Ours came with a `` bonus '' ceiling fan which is nice but it is a death trap if you use it the way it is intended . The magnetic fastener is not strong enough to hold the weight of the fan and so it falls on your head in the middle of the night . I rigged mine up with a length of twine and it works great that way.One more note . We had a couple of last minute guests on our last camping trip and so ran out and bought the first tent we could find at a bargain store . It was about twentyfive precent of the cost of this tent . That night a storm rolled in . Our guests were snug and dry in their cheapo bargain store tent . We were drenched and I had to go outside in the rain twice to shore up our collapsing tent.So much for paying for quality.I have always trusted the Coleman brand but this experience has soured me permanently.I will never overpay for Coleman products again .
 The seller never send the item ... ! Please look first who is the seller before put you order
 People who order this bag are expecting something sturdy to load all their dive gear into for a trip . Well , the first time we packed it , the flimsy zipper came unstitched and we had to take it to a shoe repair shop and spend another $ 20 to get it fixed . We decided on this option vs. sending it back because the bag is sturdy and we did not want to go through the return process . In the end , we ordered another dive bag on rollers and will only use this bag as a spare . If you are looking for a good dive bag , I would buy something else .
 I tried to find a foam roller that would give a tad . I really did not want an extra firm one . I bought the extra firm for a friend AND this one . I seriously think they are both the same . Very disappointed . They need more descriptions in their advertising .
 I bought a 6 `` X36 '' white foam roller and within a few uses it started to lose its round shape wherever I `` worked out '' on it . I am not a heavy person -LRB- 150 lbs -RRB- and I used it for maybe 15 min. , 3 days a week . I thought it would `` come back '' - but it never did . I was very disappointed , obviously , because it was useless if it did n't maintain its high density shape . The product details never stated that there were different degrees of density of the foam -LRB- as I have found out now -RRB- . I went to Dick 's Sporting Goods and bought a GoFit red foam roller and it has maintained its shape now after dozens of workouts . I highly recommend that one but do n't buy the products shown here.P.S . A `` good '' foam roller really does wonders for deep tissue myofascia activation !
 Do not buy the half-roller . The full-round rollers are sealed all the way around . The half rollers are full rollers mechanically cut in half . This means that one side is RAW , and thus a snow of plastic dust flies out when you open it , and whenever you touch it . Plastic dust that you ca n't avoid breathing in.It 's horrible . I am extremely disappointed in this product .
 Do not buy this product . It is lowest quality of form roller I have purchased.The form is not high dense enough . it dented after couple of use and does not look good or professional.Not recommend !
 I love foam rollers . I had this one for a few months , but it unfortunately became warped and did not roll very well anymore . I have since purchased a more firm , pvc type roller that is MUCH better and worth the additional cost . The Isokinetics foam roller was discarded .
 Item poorly cut and not straight . Both half rollers i purchased are curved . one is significantly shorter than the other . Shipped in GARBAGE BAG . Seller claims they were shipped in a custom made tube . I have pictures to the contrary . Other comments left regarding itme by others indicated garbage bag packaging as well . Do not recommend seller or item .
 I have 2 full round rollers that have been great and are doing a fantastic job of holding up their shape . I have back problems and decided to purchase a half-round one from seller `` herternursery '' to sleep on . When it came , I was disappointed , immediately noticing that it was not completely straight . It was curved from storage or shipping . This indicates that the foam is of lower density or quality . Size-wise , it is also noticeably thinner than a full-round roller cut in half . I compared the sizes by stacking the end of the half-roll against a full roll . The half-roll is not exactly half of the round roller . Measuring with a ruler , I found out that the width is only about 5.5 '' , making the height -LRB- radius -RRB- of this half-roller less than 2.5 '' when it should be 3 '' . I am not sure if the product from other sellers is the same as mine , but I am not satisfied with the quality of the half roll I received . Not recommended from this seller .
 too soft . not happy with the materials used for this product . trying to replace one I had , will keep looking for a better product
 Nice idea in theory but the retractable wire is far too taught making it difficult to use in the field especially if game is nearby . Too pricey also . Not particularly pleased .
 I bought the product `` SPEEDFEED II Stock '' as replacement for my Remington 870 shotgun . When I was purchasing it , I read the product description which says `` the set comes complete with ribbed forend and recoil pad '' . So , thinking this would be it as replacement for $ 44.79 -- pretty reasonable.Well , little do I know the TITLE of the product included the wording '' -LRB- STOCK ONLY -RRB- '' , which after I received the product and discovered that a stock and recoil pad came but not the `` forend '' . I concluded that the `` STOCK ONLY '' meant only the stock but not what the description says recoil pad and forend included . However , I got confused that if the seller meant the STOCK only , then why did I receive the recoil pad as well ? If the seller meant the set comes complete with ribbed forend and then how come I got the STOCK , the PAD but not ribbed forend?In any event , I am keeping the STOCK because I already paid $ 9.18 for shipping . I would have to pay another $ 10 to $ 15 for the return -LRB- I do n't get bulk preferred discount rate that the seller gets -RRB- . In total , I would 've paid over $ 20 and `` kept nothing '' for the privilege of doing business with the seller - J & M Hunting Supplies and Marine . By the way , the recoil pad seems good but the gun stock is just another piece of cheap plastic that resembles a stock , I would n't say it is a quality that I would pay $ 45 for ... I will let you readers be the judge of what happened and who 's being taken advantage of ... ------------------------------------------ As a follow-up to my original posting above : Subsequently , the seller changed the product description . It will no longer say -- `` the set comes complete with ribbed forend and recoil pad '' ... They still have n't change the picture yet -- it still shows both the fore and aft stocks -LRB- 2 pieces , not the 1 they claimed in sales to me -RRB- ... The seller also responded to my feedback in the seller profile section by saying that I did n't contact them to resolve the confusion before purchasing -- well , If I did n't get `` tricked '' by the wording , I sure would n't be in the bind with you here , would n't I?They also claimed that I did n't contact them to schedule a free pickup for return -- well , I send 2 emails thru the Amazon `` contact seller '' section and got no answers back ... My whole impression is that they are defensive and not honest ... I would n't do any business with them ever again ... -------------------------------------------------------------- p.p.s.I did a search of Internet on SPEEDFEED II and got back a whole bunch of results including the manufacturer -- SPEEDFEED , which sells 2 different `` sets '' of the stocks . Nowhere does it sells `` STOCK ONLY '' set ... I also got -LSB- ... -RSB- selling the same at $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and used the standard product description that says `` the set comes complete with ribbed forend and recoil pad '' ... All for the price less than what `` J & M Hunting Supplies and Marine '' sold me for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . Everyone on the net selling this set used the standard picture which showed 2 pieces , including the bum merchant that tried to cheat me by continue to modified the item description -- I just realized that they must have a toll supplied by Amazon which can add of modify the product they intend to sell.Oh , by the way , they modified the item description again to remove their own store name from the item ... They are so ashamed that they did n't want it to be known by anyone that they cheated me -- sold me half of the product for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- where other more honest merchants will sell the WHOLE set to me for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I would say that these folks are definitely not honest ...
 This did not come with polar pure just the potassium Iodine.When I contacted Polar Pure about why their product has become so difficult to find I got this email back ... I am writing to you regarding the status of Polar Pure availability and our current appeal for a permit . You and many others have previously contacted us because of an inability to purchase Polar Pure Water Disinfectant , and we would like to give you an opportunity to voice your opinion.As you know , we are working with an attorney in our appeal to the State of California for a permit to purchase iodine in order to manufacture and sell Polar Pure . The process , which began in May 2011 , is slow and it is not looking promising . If we achieve approval from the State of CA , we then need approval from the DEA . We are hoping that perhaps a collection of correspondence from some of our customers will make a difference.Polar Pure uses iodine to create a saturated solution with which to disinfect water . While iodine is very effective in disinfecting water , it can apparently also be used somehow as one ingredient to manufacture methamphetamine . There are evidently many methods to manufacture meth. , many do not require iodine . While we had no idea nearly 30 years ago when we began selling Polar Pure that this could become an illicit use of iodine , it may well put an end to our small family business and be the end of this type of water purification method . No one will be able to manufacture a product like Polar Pure . Ultimately , this will not stop the manufacture of meth. , but it will make Polar Pure unavailable for legitimate customers like you who are concerned with water treatment.If you would like an opportunity to share your thoughts to those making the decisions regarding the future of Polar Pure Water Disinfectant , please reply to this e-mail `` Polar Equipment '' questions@polarequipment.com Send us a brief explanation of your reasons for purchasing and using Polar Pure . Let us know how you heard about Polar Pure , why you wish to use it , any experiences you have had using our product , or any other comments about Polar Pure that you would like to express . I will print your opinion and we will include it in our correspondence with the governmental agencies involved . Please include as much or as little personal information as you would like - name , address -LRB- or just city and state -RRB- , phone number etc. . We will include only what you want to share , I will obscure your e-mail address if you would like , just let me know . You are welcome to pass this letter on to anyone else you know who uses Polar Pure and would like a chance to share their own opinion.Please let me know if you have any questions.We thank you for your interest , Ted Wallace , Polar Equipment , Inc. .
 Received my package and , just like the other reviewer for this product , the Polar Pure was NOT in the package !
 This kit is fine for essentials but do n't expect much more . Two of the bobbers did n't work and the eye 's in the jigs either were completely sealed or were n't a complete hole . Just go to your local department store and pick up a set for the same price or less at equal to better quality .
 To be fair , Amazon did include a warning that there were already complaints about this , but I went ahead anyway . I expected the `` tackle box '' to be flimsy , but I did not expect it to arrive already cracked . The top of the box had four large cracks in it upon arrival , including one over its entire width . The box was packaged for shipment just fine , and there was no obvious damage or other signs of rough handling on the shipping carton , so this led me to wonder if the box was cracked BEFORE it was shipped . I never expected the box to be durable enough to actually carry the tackle on fishing trips , but I was at least expecting that it could serve as a storage / organizer box . No such luck . The gear itself seems OK - nothing fancy , but reasonable considering the low price . Sure would n't buy anything from `` South Bend '' ever again .
 mostly crap , not much usable but hey , for my boys first time out fishing it did the job , i guess .
 Quality of items are horrible . Hooks are very bad and not sharp , bobbers drowned , rubber things are poor imitation worms fish must be very hungry and blind to eat this thing .
 I do n't like giving negative reviews . However , truth be known - this is a pretty cheap item . Bought for a trip we were taking . Thought it would keep our tackle organized . The case cracked before we arrived and it continued to get worse ... I would buy a proper small tackle box and fill it with the equipment you need .
 As a new football mom , I purchased 2 of these chairs after my son 's first game of the season . The velcro straps do not hold the chair securely to the bleachers . It slides and rocks and wiggles . But what was most disappointing was when one of the straps actually ripped off the chair before his last game . For us , these were a waste of money .
 they hurt your hand there all metal and bend back and hurt the back of your hands
 I 'm not very happy with these . First off , they are , for obvious reasons , one solid piece of metal so they are not adjustable and the strap that is comes loose quickly . Secondly , being one piece of metal , this device WILL cut into the back of your hand . And finally , the most simple thing to fix , these are not sharp enough to actually secure yourself to a tree . I have the foot spikes with these and ill just burst your bubble now that these things are n't going to work unless you make major modifications to this stuff .
 the shuko are worthless . they claim to be sharp and they are far from that . the straps that come with them are to short ca n't adjust them . if you want to climb anything you will have to do some filing on them to get a point . do n't waste your money on these . the plastic ones are sharper .
 these claws are flawed in there design . they are intended for BOTH defence and climbing but they will not work for climbing the the upward pull of the tree and your weight on the claw causes the metal back to dig viciously into the back of your hand . teribly designed .
 These claws do not dig into the trees . There is no grip in them . The ninja Claws just take the bark off . Also they dig into the back of your hand . DO NOT BUY
 This product did not work at all . First of all there just 1 big peice of metal the has a terrible strap . When I tried to use them they are near dull and can not grab on to trees and there are cuts all over the back of my hand from the metal that is way to loose . I would n't buy these unless there just for show .
 I train a martial art known as ninjutsu . I bought this spikes in order to train for an exam . -LRB- as well as have fun -RRB- . In my opinion the actual metal part and claws are really nice . My really big problemwith this product is the quality of the wrist guard . For one the attaching the claw to the wrist and hand is really not user friendly . Secondly , it is not sturdy , after only like 2 days of barely using the claws thefabric began to tear around the part where you secure the wrist . In my opinion it is not worth buying unless you want to replace the entire fabric of the claw .
 Using these claws for the purpose of actually climbing a tree is an absolute pain , in both the figurative and literal sense . The strap that goes around the wrist is short ; I am unable to secure it before putting my hand through , and have to fumble with the strap with one hand after placing it on my wrist . The ends felt very sharp , but still have trouble digging into the bark of most common-variety trees . One needs to ` hug ' the tree to get a good grip with the claws . If the claws are able to hook in , any pressure applied away from the fingers causes the thick metal loop to dig into the back of your hand , quickly making it too painful to climb anything . The only things that keep this from getting a one-star in my book is that they can be climbed with , and could serve as okay hand-to-hand combat weapons .
 As a few of these guys said , they will dig into your hand but padding works as a deterrent for this . Climbing is much easier without them , I 'm a freerunner , so I thought this would give me an edge , but it really hinders your performance . Although They would work well in combat , I just think they are a hassle to weild .
 was n't expecting much , but this is useless . the only reason why I gave it two stars is it could be modded enough to have some use .
 these shipped quickly right when they were supposto . The tips were extreamly dull so i decided to drasticly change the shape of the tip with a metal grinding tool they are alot better but still can barley climb anything let alone a tree/ice-wall . They have a fey pretty big design flaws . They 're a big piece of mettal and were so wide that i had to were big work gloves to fit my hands and my hande are roughly three inches wide the norm is like three to fore inches the mettal on the tiger claw 's are Fore and one half so they are pretty big . The wrist strap is about one third the size of the one in the picture and fall off alot . The main piece of mettal is kindof thin so it cuts the back of your hand . i was not to pleased with thease .
 I bought these hand spikes in hopes of using them to climb trees but sadly they do not work at all . As you try to use them the back gouges into your hands and really hurts . I tried wearing gloves but that did n't work either .
 I have always wanted some of these since I was a kid , and when my wife needed a few more dollars to get free shipping , she told me to find something to buy . I bought these not realizing that they were not worth the metal they were made out of . I guess I should have read the reviews . Like the others said , they will not work for climbing , as they will cut the back of your hand when any weight is applied . The oval where the spikes are is much too large to be comfortable . The points are not sharp , which would be okay if the rest of it worked as it should . Stay away from these .
 The mounting screws which came with the set to mount the dartboard to the cabinet are too small . The depth of the holes for the darts to sit in are drilled at uneven lengths so the darts do not all sit at the same height and the backing to the cabinet fell off just as I am taking it out of the box . Total waste of money .
 Havent found an electroinic dart board that handles metal tip darts well as of yet . This sucks becuase they sell them like they will work for a while . If you play quite a bit , get the insurance , your going to need it .
 This is the first item I have ever bought from Amazon . I was very disappointed to open it up to find a moose head on the front of the dart board . The box it came in does not show a moose head but when you open it up you see the most ridicoulous looking dartboard you have ever seen . It looks like someone else also recieved this dartboard . Also come to find out they are now sold out and they are on back order for two more weeks . Lets hope the new shipment Amazon gets are the ones they post on there site . I will give them one more time to get it right so I am waiting the two weeks . My kids are really hoping to get a dart board but I am not hanging the moose dart board anywhere in my house .
 I grew up 25-35 years ago using Zebco reels -LRB- mainly their 202 model -RRB- . The old 202 's would work for years and years . I used mine from Ohio to Georgia , and everywhere in between . They worked great , and rarely gave me any trouble.When my son asked me to take him fishing recently , I `` splurged '' and got myself a new rod , and a brand new reel . I went with the brand I knew & trusted from my childhood , and got a Zebco 404 . I am regretting that decision.The Zebco 404 certainly is cheap . Not inexpensive , but > cheap < . If you unscrew the front cover , then try to screw it back on , feel the nice abrasive scraping of cheap plastic rubbing on cheap plastic . It certainly does n't inspire confidence.The threaded nut that fastens the spinnerhead on the front of the spool came loose after a couple hours of use . One drop of thread locking adhesive would have prevented this . If Zebco was too cheap to use Loctite on the threads , then torquing it properly at the factory might have also done the job.If you do n't mind only casting out 15-20 feet before the line tangles inside the reel , then THIS REEL IS FOR YOU ! I had this problem with the factory supplied line , and also with the two different types of line I wound onto the spool . Prior to reloading the spool with line the most recent time , it was so tangled that I had to cut the line from the spool , one dinky section at a time -LRB- using suture scissors & hemostats - NOT fun at all -RRB- . As a kid , I NEVER had this much trouble with my Zebco reels . A couple weeks ago , at our last fishing trip -LRB- ~ 4 doz bluegills , a few largemouth bass , and a couple crappie -RRB- , I ended up swiping my son 's -LRB- non-Zebco , no-name -RRB- rod & reel combo . It worked SO MUCH better than my super-duper new Zebco 404 . Definitely a `` thumbs down '' on this reel , and a big question mark on the build/design quality of other Zebco reels .
 I followed instructions wrote in english and spanish because for logic reasons related with my low level english . I put in hot water for around 10 seconds the product and the final result was a sticky mass . Part of one of the edges became amorphous .
 It did n't even come with instructions . I found a how-to video on line . I still could not do it . Very difficult to lace into a shoe . I called New Balance and no one could help and they admitted they are difficult . I called a running shoe place and they had someone who could help me lace up my shoes but they said they are difficult . I decided to junk them .
 1 -RRB- I have narrow feet and I like my shoes to fit snugly . For me , no matter what I tried - following all the instructions given and in the video online - I always ended up either with : - snug fit BUT too long of a loop -LRB- so would stick up/be floppy even when clipped OR ... - loop barely big enough to get ahold of to adjust , but shoe fits too loosely . - - in order to get shoe to not be too loose I had to make loop so small that it was impossible to get ahold of it to adjust it/loosen it to get the shoe off.I suspect this is only a problem for people who like a snug fit and have narrow feet - for other foot combinations it might actually work - but for my situation I could find no work-around . One solution could be that every time I put on/off my shoes I just have to adjust it at both the loop and the toeclip every time , or keep the loop tightend all the time and just adjust at the toe clip , but that would require untucking the excess at the toeclip , adjusting it , then retucking every time - this would be ridiculously annoying/time consuming and wo n't happen .2 -RRB- not all shoes have a good/easy place to tuck the excess . My Vasque trail running shoes , for example , do n't leave any space to tuck the excess near the toe .3 -RRB- As others have said , it is not immediately straightforward how to install them and it does take a while especially if you do n't have speed-lace type eyelets already .4 -RRB- I have had many shoes with this same type of lace but not this brand/mechanism , and all the others work fine , so I have no need for these .5 -RRB- Instructions are not obvious to find but ARE present inside the cardboard of the packaging in the vertical flat part - it opens like a book but is not obvious , have to really search for it , FYIGave 2 stars instead of one only because I imagine these might work for some people , if you have wider feet and/or like looser fitting shoes .
 I recommand that parents check theNational HIghway Traffic Safety Administration http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov/The base is very difficult to install , the ball makes noise , and the base is not compatibile with any car . I have contacted peg perego since the plastic parts are falling apart on the base !!!
 I echo Newmom 's warning . After reading her review , I decided to try to install the carseat which we received this past weekend into my Subaru Forester . It simply will not fit properly . The problem lies in the design of our seatbelts . They are too thin to fit snuggly in the base guides , and the accessory that came with the carseat to compensate for thin belts is too large to fit properly on the belt between the base and the seatbelt latch . Our fire dept. personnel has recommended that we NOT use this car seat in our car . If you have comparatively thin seatbelts in your car , you might want to think twice about purchasing this carseat . If anyone has other suggestions as to how to make this carseat fit in our car , please post a followup review ! Thanks !
 I have been purchasing leaders and leader material on line for some time and have never had a problem with Scientific Anglers products before . I received that last batch of them and did not think anything of it and fishing I did go . After breaking off a few fish with out having put much tension on them . I started to wonder what was going on . I took out a new package and pulled out the leader and stretched it out , gave it a little tug and pop , broke the leader . I slowly worked up the tapered leader and it just kept breaking , even up towards the top where by the dia of the line you would expect to have at least a 20 # breaking point . Well I pulled every package I had just gotten and all but two had a slight discoloration to them . As it turns out every pack was bad except those two . It looked like I had gotten some that were left in the sun or that were very old . Two of them where good but the rest where NOT ! Like I said , I have bought hundreds and never had a problem , so I am hoping that this will be a one time deal . So if you get these , if they look discolored , do n't open them ... SEND THEM BACK . I hope I do not have to find another supplier for these .
 I really hope that this cover is cool but , DO NOT BUY this item from LG Outdoors . They cancelled my order when I used my internationally issued VISA Card.Sorry to manufacture , this negative feedback is for LG Outdoors and I was going to order your product to use on my Burris Fullfield TAC30 LRS Scope and they cancelled it !
 i would say it 's too heavy . i sold it and got one that can adjust just like it but made a little different and lighter .
 This looked like a fun toy when I ordered it . Sadly the concentric ringswhich compose the body of the item can not fit together unless they are allalmost precisely circular
 I shopped around and decided on this because it was more expensive than the other products ; I assumed it would be a superior product . It looked well constructed but the entire bottom attachment -LRB- pepper spray -RRB- fell off within 24 hours . Now , I just have a key chain and the top half . I did not even have it for a full day !!! I called Amazon and asked if it is preferable for me to write a bad review or they could replace it . They said they could not replace it ; hence , the bad review .
 Terrible . Cheaply constructed , flawed attachment design , `` walks '' sideways no matter how tightly you put it on . Release button falls off easily and inevitably becomes lost , rendering the fender unusable . I was relieved when this happened so I could replace the fender with a better one . I 've used other fender designs by this company that were fine .
 I honestly hope that the size given in the Amazon description is incorrect!A 1.5 X 1.5 inch cooler would n't hold a peanut !
 I AM SO TICKED OFF !!! I placed an order for 2 BLUE & WHITE toy guns because NYC requires toy guns to be a safety color . I am wearing it for my Halloween costume . I ordered it specifically because it is BLUE & WHITE . I am not even ordering any caps for it . They are just for show . What I received was 1 BLUE & WHITE cap gun and 1 GREY/GREEN cap gun . I ca n't wear the second one because it is illegal . I am not trying to get fined or worse , shot . I am currently talking to an Amazon.com representative who is trying to correct this issue . I will update this review if I get the replacement by Friday and the right color .
 My son initially loved the gun , but it broke after 1 day of use . The trigger mechanism has broken and will not fire any more caps .
 I bought this product because I have liked all the nascar games , but this would be the first nascar game that i have purchased for the playstation 2 . all my other games were for the xbox . well i realy liked the graphics and choice of the car of tommorow , but the ps2 controler for the game sucks . I gues i will have to purchase a game wheel and try it out , but to everyone who is thinking about purchasing this for the ps2 and using the regular controler , purchase a wheel first . see on my xbox controler you have rt triger finger controlls the gas and you can press down on it half way and get half throtle , on the ps2 its either throtle or nothing .
 In the 2008 installment , EA blew it . For PS3 there is no 2 player mode . Certainly the racing is semi realistict , but w/o 2 player , how can you have fun with your friends . Honestly , I returned my to FYE and convinced them to sell me the PS2 make so I can at least do 2 Player with my friend . EA needs to get back to basics like that of Nascar 04 .
 I follow NASCAR and look forward to the release of the NASCAR game every year . In previous years I have enjoyed the career mode where you start in the Whelan series and work your way up to the Nextel series . I thought with the PS3 version , there would be lots of extras and career modes . However , the career options are very limited and have not held my attention . Also , in trying to allow you to set up the cars for racing , they have made it impossible to control the cars even in easy modes . It is impossible to get through a race without causing a yellow flag -LRB- the yellow flag is thrown so quick , sometimes you do n't even see the wreck -RRB- . I think this game will be a trade-in at Gamestop for Dirt which has a great demo on the PS3 .
 I purchased this game and I have to admit that the graphics are pretty amazing . The worst part of this game is the lack of split screen racing . In previous versions , you can race in split screen mode which is the fun part of being with friends . The PS2 and XBOX 360 versions are 1-2 players locally , so why not the PS3 version?Bad move in my opinion by EA . For this reason , unless you just want to have some fun without being able to race friends sitting next to you and talking trash , I would not bother buying this game .
 to hard for the average gamer , boring if you do n't even like NASCAR , could 've made it easier , no multiplayer if not online
 A -LRB- PS3 -RRB- VIDEO GAME SHOULD BE DESIGNED AS/FOR `` FUN '' ENTERTAINMENT . PS3 , EA 'S `` NASCAR 08 '' IS `` FRUSTRATING '' ENTERTAINMENT.I REALLY ENJOYED THE `` PS2 '' VERSIONS OF `` NASCAR '' , AND THOUGHT THIS PS3 `` 08 NASCAR '' WOULD BE EVEN BETTER , NOT SO , `` DISAPPOINTED '' ! FOR EXAMPLE , TO MANY THINGS TO DO JUST TO GET TO THE STARTING LINE IN `` CHASE '' MODE , NOT `` FUN '' !!
 Graphics are good and i liked the game . But now many new games have come with much better graphice and better sound quality !
 I agree with many of the other negative reviews and wo n't bore you with repeating them . The main reason I 'm going to resell this game is that it 's 1 player unless you are playing online ! Absolutely no use for a game configured this way .
 The graphics look like a crappy PS2 game , the gameplay is just plain boring , no two player . . none of this suprises me because Nascar as a sport sucks anyways , people only watch it to see the drivers crash . . but unfortunately , even the crashes in this game suck . . if you want to pick up a good racing game , get Dirt , or if your willing to wait , Gran Turismo HD , EA games these days are n't cutting it .
 I looked at reviews on this and purchased it . I recieved the package , sounded like it was all broken . Very poor packing by manufacturer NOT Amazon . I returned it and I am currently searching for another .
 I couldnt wait to play 08 after having suffered through 07 version . Unfortunately , very very little has changed this year . Every thing from the in car audio from the pit crew to the graphics are exactly the same as last year . Its a huge dissapointment . Even the victory lane driver celebration is the EXACT same as last year . You can chose your own driver based on last year 's choices . I wish I could return it . I still say the 06 game was better .
 this game is fun on superspeedways but the rest stink.for one thing the new career mode is lkame the old fight to the top career mode was way better ! also the breaking help even on high barely works . but it is fun to to turn of traction control and ABS and spin at daytona . another problem is there is no make and model on trucks or COTS . do not buy this game and get 09 because it has the old career mode where u start in truck and wsork your way up to cup.let me imply again the 08 career mode is reely bad !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EA all ur sports games r good accept 4 this one !!!! very bad game
 The player reviews for this game have been some a great game , but mostly terrible . Why is that ? Unless you are a Hardcore nascar fanatic you will be sorry you wasted $ -LSB- ... -RSB- on this game . 1st the car handling is one of the worst I have played , unless your have the steady hands of brain surgeon this game is next to impossible to controll and no matter how you set the sensitivy of your controller , it will make no difference . As some have said it handles like a 500 lb balerina . As you spin out , and that is less then 1 lap the yellow flag comes out and you are watching the cars drive in circles at 20 mph . You can put the accelerator to the floor and the cars just drive right past you . There are wrecks but they stop 3 seconds into it , the instant replay it a masterpiece of not being intutive . The graphics are medicore . I could go on and on . If you do n't want to waste your hard earned cash , try the demo or rent it . For me I would burn money before I would give it to EA again . EA just needs to stick with ruining football and NBA.For all the Nascar fans out there who have been waiting for a next gen game , EA has disappointed again .
 I dont know how good this game is with the steering wheel , but with the controller it is a mess . I had to de-tune the handling of the car so that I could actually hold a line and drive in traffic . Maybe I have a bad case of parkinsons , but you have to basically press left-left-left-left-left-left ... to make it through the turn . This is extremely difficult when you are 3 wide and you stand a good chance of bouncing off other cars . I have Forza , and I 'm able to drive the tracks -LRB- even the high speed oval -RRB- by just holding the analog stick slightly left . Like I said , maybe it is different with the steering wheel , but I 'm cutting my losses at $ 59.99 . Additionally , the online play is horribly flawed . I dont even want to get into it , but suffice to say people were driving backwards on the track and finishing in first . Additional problems exist during season mode with random black flags for passing under the yellow when in first and 6 seconds ahead of the closest car . Yeah , and the spotter should be fired ; why include something in a game if it is n't going to function properly?This game is a mess , and a major disappointment . Grpahics are on par with what I expected .
 there 's no just race mode so you always have to mess around to get into a game . the game itself is very hard as you must constantly follow someone to pick up speed .
 Unless you are a die-hard NASCAR fan that wants a very complicated simulation game , this is not for you . The handling is awful . You have to go into deep detail into the car setup for each track to even have a chance to make it around a single lap , much less win.If you understand the complete mechanics of NASCAR cars , and know what inputs to apply , this game would be fun . EA Sports should have set the easy and normal game play levels as they have in previous games and set this game 's Hard level to what its current Easy level is . That would have taken care of both the hardcore gamers and the normal gamers.Seeing how there is no multiplayer and steering is non-existant , I strongly recommend you rent this game before you buy it . I love the whole NASCAR game series and have played them all , but I must admit I am very disappointed with the 08 version . Unless you are an expert -LRB- which the majority of people that play these games are n't -RRB- you 'll become too frustrated to continue playing after about 10 minutes .
 I give this 2 stars , because I love Nascar , but this game is not good . First of all , the Chase mode . You have to spend all your time doing these mundane task before becoming a car owner . It is long and tedious . Then when you get all these cars , the chase isnt worth it . The cars are impossible to drive , so you become reckless , and then you get black flagged , meaning you finish 43rd . THIS IS NOT FUN . You are driving a car with no sponsor , I feel like a loser like Robbie Gordon . The fun of past games is you were a driver and you earned moving up , by going through the ranks of smaller race circuits . Then based on your ability , you got any number of sponsors and were hired by an owner . That was fun . You also had the feud/friendship with the other drivers . People to avoid on the track and and people to work with . Where did all this go ? What they have given us now is either extremely hard on Chase mode . Or extremely easy on Season Mode . I ditched the Chase mode , because I was afraid I might harm myself , so I started a season with Tony Stewart . I lap every car in the field , every race . What fun is that ? EA needs to go back to the drawing board and back to its roots .
 It is hard for me to believe that a racing game does not have multiplayer use . The only way for you to race against a friend is to both of you to sign up for XBOX LIVE and tell him your friend to go home to their Xbox and sign on to race each other.It is sad that microsoft has resorted to this to get people to sign up for XBOX LIVE . Would not buy unless you like racing against the computer all the time .
 The Good
 Was very excited to finally see this game coming out . Was very disappointed to finally play it . I am not a long time gamer but have played for a while and I found the car almost impossible to handle . Nothing I did seemed to help . Stopped after an hour frustrated . Has anyone found a fix or a tip yet ? It 's only been available for 2 days to the public so I know it may to too soon to ask but ... ??
 I have several of the NASCAR X Box games , and I got a new XBOX360 just to play this game , with the COT and the new drivers/lineup . This is NOTHING like the 02-07 NASCAR games , it 's completely different . NO 2 player , NO team control , NO shared draft , NO intimidator . Not many drivers available in Truck or Busch/National series , lots of drivers missing in Cup -LRB- Carl Edwards ? -RRB- , and the cars do n't look very realistic . The COT versions all have the same headlights/grille , just different paint/graphics . All the COTs have a huge BLANK spot on the rear bumper ... I guess it 's too hard for EA to add the proper `` DODGE '' and `` FORD '' to the rear bumper of the COT ? There on the old car . . ? The old cars look like their rear counterparts , the COTs look nothing like the real COTs ... ? The trucks all look the same , regardless of manufacturer ... ? Not much for alternate paint schemes , very few . These cars are HARD to drive , driving assists do n't do much , help VERY little . No 2 player option makes it hard to enjoy . Rules are very strict ... just a little contact -LRB- due to the difficult handling -RRB- and you get black flagged and put to the back ! If you spin out , you 're automatically put to the back -LRB- rough driving -RRB- ... ? I 've adjusted the car all the way to the `` Tight '' side and still had it act loose ... ? I 'm starting to wish that I had waited for the 09 game , now ... maybe I 'll just play the 07 game for another year ...
 The price is what attracted me to this but unfortunately you get what you pay for . I found the mask to be , hot , quite uncomfortable -LRB- especially on the ears -RRB- and fog up pretty easily . Definitely not for people with larger heads and/or with glasses . I bought a V-Force Morph mask for $ 44 and though I do n't have 360 protection I could n't be happier . I can wear my sunglasses under it and hardly know I 'm wearing a mask .
 The helmet is poorly made . I have a normal size head for a 5 ' 10 '' man and I find there is way to much pressure applied to the sides of my head . It gives me a headache after awhile and even with all of that pressue the helmet feels to loose for fast paced action.Also the foam around the nose pushes down and retricts the airflow going in and out of my nose . I have tried every adjustment imaginable but it is still uncomfortable.In addition the button snaps feel as though they barley snap on . It 's a miracle that the plastic post snaps that hold the visor in place do not break when you disassemble the helmet to clean it.I do n't understand how this helmet received so many positive reviews when it is such crap . It is my hope that this review will save someone from wasting time and money trying this helmet out .
 We bought the helmet for our 12 year old son and it is a little big . We added some padding at the top and that fixed it .
 Hello , one month ago - I ordered three shirts , paid by Visa - and you get the money - but I get no shirts . By call I should get a trackingf number , I only got these review.So let me know , wehere are my shirts . . ThanksWolfgang Burger
 I bought this match case trying to find one like the one my dad had as an Eagle Scout . It was wonderfully well-made
 not worth the money , all most usless.is not water proof . dont waste your money on this productone star is too much
 It 's a little difficult to open/close , and the strike surface is difficult to light a strike-anywhere match on . It also feels cheap .
 I BOUGHT THIS GUN 2 DAYS AGO AND ITS ALREADY BROKE!first it doesnt have 180fps , more like 20fps . about the second time i cocked it the top part broke off.THIS GUN SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!! EVEN FOR THE CHEAP PRICE.IM NOT A NEWB EITHER IVE BEEN PLAYING THIS SPORT FOR ABOUT 4 YEARS.P.S DO NOT BUY CYMA ITEMS THEY ALL SUCK .
 I suppose that this pedometer might work okay if it had a better way to keep it in place . I have worn it three times and each time lost it off my belt because it does n't have a good enough fastener.The last time it was lost I found it in the street before it was run over by a vehicle . So , it is still in one piece but I do n't try to use it .
 I purchased two of this sweaters due to their excellent price . I am 6 ' 2 , 250 pounds and I usually wear XL , due to a prior experience with Adidas -LRB- they are smaller than other brands -RRB- I ordered a XXXL because they did not have XXL and to my surprise they are like a regular size medium , I had to give them to my wife . They look nice but their sizing its way off .
 I bought this for backpacking thinking it looked like a nice set that was easy to store . It is very heavy and when the pans store in themselves they hit each other while you walk and make you sound like a marching band . So if you are going backpacking to break your back and scare away nature this is the perfect product .
 This is an inferior product in concept and execution . It has no other credential than nice colors and a brand logo to which it does no credit.After you insert an icy can , the slippery vinyl rapidly becomes very cold . Small pockets of air provide a scattered band of relative insulation.For insulation and easy grip , foam cozies beat this silly `` designer '' design hands down.The vinyl arrived split on 1 , all 3 still had `` $ 1 '' labels on them . -LRB- That 's about right , if foam ones are n't available . -RRB- A perfect storm of a poor purchase choice .
 I must have misunderstood !!!!!!! I thought I was getting a set of 4 huggies for 11.71 , so I ordered 2 `` sets '' . TURNS OUT I PAID ALMOST $ 30 -LRB- $ 29.59 -RRB- INCLUDES SHIPPING FOR 2 HUGGIES !!!!!!! THEY ARE NOT MADE OUT OF GOLD FOR HEAVEN 'S SAKE , I COULD HAVE PURCHASED AT ANY STORE SELLING COLEMAN PRODUCTS FOR $ 3 A PIECE !!!!!! WHAT A JOKE AND I WO N'T BE ORDERING ONLINE AGAIN ANYTIME SOON , THANKS FOR THE SLICK ADVERTISING BUT I WILL USE MY OWN CAR AND GAS TO PURCHASE AT A STORE NEXT TIME .
 The service was great on time but the can holder was n't at all what I expected . Was thin and cheap .
 Does n't insulate at all . Sorry I wasted my money , so you should save yours . Try another brand is you need one .
 As a man who like his Soda cold I thought this would be a good replacement to the old tattered can insulators I currently own . I thought this one would work as good or better than my old ones but was disappointed to find out it does not . It did not even come close it was just slightly better than not even using one at all .
 Not what I expected . The image shows several pots , You only get one 1.6 L pot . I will say the quality of the single pot is very good and works well . . But , this is not a set as it appears .
 I , like the other reviewer , thought I was getting a set based on the description `` Alpine Stowaway POTS '' and the photo which shows multiple pots . It does appear to be of nice quality but for our occasional car camping I do n't think I 'd invest in this whole set .
 Item not worth the money spent . But it did give us a good laugh !
 received pot with 2 dents in the bottom of pot and 1 dent in the lid . packaging seemed to be ok so I assume the pot and lid were dented before they were packed for shipment .
 Purchased two of these coolers ; rushed shipped to go camping this weekend and when they arrived on Thursday , one of the cooler 's hinges were broken . Was very disappointed with the overall quality of the hinges and closing latch . When I called Brand Variety , the shipper for Amazon , they offered to send another set of cheap hinges but would not use next day delivery . When I expressed my dissatisfaction , they offered to send call a call tag and if they have another one in stock , they would reship but if they do n't they will refund my money . This really made me mad so I am considering sending both back ... Igloo does not make the cooler it use to ... quality is poor and the cheap hinges will split . .
 This unit is similar to my old one but for some reason this unit will not work anywhere near as good as my old unit did . I tried to see if there was something obvious but there just is n't . I can go over the same spot multiple times and not get the algae but one rub with your foot and the algae comes right off . It 's like the bristles are n't even touching the surface . I do n't get it .
 I bought the packaged deal with the Vacuum hose , Hose Adaptor and the Weighted Butterfly Pool Head . Got the box and NO BUTTERFLY VACUUM HEAD !! Very poor customer service here !!!
 We had a vaccuum head for our pool that worked great . This one does not . It 's not very heavy and does n't have a lot of suction . It does clean the pool , but it takes double the time of other vacuums .
 The brushes make it difficult to push along the bottom of a pebbletec pool . I had better success cleaning our spa using a vaccum head that rolled . The brushes kick up the leaves before they can be sucked up , therefore to use this head you have to hover it above the bottom . I would n't recommend this product .
 The mask works great ! Loved it . However , replacement cartridges are unavailable . Do a quick search before you purchase . When it came time to buy my first set of new filters they were unavailable from top sellers like amazon.com and grainger . Ca n't find them anywhere rendering this mask as a waste of money
 Do not buy this respirator unles you only plan to use it one time . AO Safety company has been bought by 3M and they have discontiued all AO safety products . You will not find the replacement cartridges . While the mask itself is a fine product and I am sad to see it go you will not find the cartridges for this unit . As another reviewer suggested , go try to find the replacement cartridges . They are unavailable almost everywhere . You will not find them at Home Depot or Lowes .
 ON MY FIRST HAPPY GILMORE DRIVE WITH MY PUTTER THE HEAD SNAPPED OFF . I AM VERY UNSATATISFIED WITH THESE CLUBS NOW I WILL NEVER BE LIKE HAPPY . AFTER MY PUTTER SNAPPED I THEN USED THE DRIVER . THE SLIPPERY HANDLE MADE ME LET GO OF MY CLUB AND STRUCK HOME MY NOW DEAD PARTNERS HEAD.SINCERELY , CHUBS
 After only about 20 swings , the head of my 4 iron snapped off . On the next outing , the head on my 5 wood came loose . Great bag , but the quality of the clubs is reflected in the price .
 If you 're looking for a set of clubs that just look nice at the club house , then you 've found your set . They come with 18 nice looking clubs and a very sharp carrying bag . Unfortunately , these clubs are terrible if you 're trying to play a round of golf . I used them for an outing when I did n't have mine own set and not only lost about two clubs length of distance , but the head of the five iron came off on about the fifth swing . With this set , you get what you pay for .
 This product was smaller then I thought it would be.Gift for grandsons who are in scouts hopefully it will be something they can use .
 Item arrived very late . Item broke same day it arrived . JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK !
 This item is just a piece of junk.IF your going to get a hobo knife get a casexx brand one . you can get one at -LSB- ... -RSB- . Thanks for reading
 so thin , when it rains it may be a good choice if u do n't have a raincoat .
 I have ordered a fair amount of stuff from Amazon over the past week , and have noticed some major changes in the MO of how Amazon seems to be treating customers , prompting me to do these reviews , the first I have ever done . At the time of doing these reviews , I have n't even received some these products , but I feel I must share my experience and opinions with other all of you who spend money with Amazon and make its executives very rich ! Please check out some of my other reviews relating to Amazon changing the vendor , price and shipping rates on the same web page/product several times within a 24hrs period . What I now call Amazon roulette shopping.This review is related to choosing I `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' . It seems to me that if one opts for `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' , Amazon will intentionally hold up some of your orders at their distribution warehouses . The evidence for this with this product is that at the time of writing this review , on the product page they make the following statement . `` Want it delivered Monday , October 27 ? Order it in the next 13 hours and 49 minutes , and choose One-Day Shipping at checkout '' I ordered this and other products ` Order Date
 I agree with everything the previous reviewer said , about the look , that is . Last week the set arrived at my door . I immediately opened the box , tore off the plastic wraps , and was more than pleased with the good look and the feel of the clubs and the bag . The very next day , however , my excitement turned into disappointment . After a couple of swings at the driving range , the head of the driver broke ! Taking a closer look at the broken head , all I could tell is it appeared to be made of some cheap stuff , plastic and aluminum , maybe ? From the beginning I knew I was getting a cheap set that might not last long , yet it still surprised me by lasting THAT short .
 I gave the two stars mainly for the irons . As previously reviewed , this set is very attractive to look at . I also got some suprised compliments after I mentioned the small price . But when I took the set out of the box , I put on the rain-cover , to see what it looked like , and when I tried to take it off the clasps ripped out from the fabric making the cover useless . From the start I could never use the driver . Way too much flex ! The ball was hitting everywhere . And after only maybe two weeks , things really started going downhill . The 5-wood head broke from the shaft . The bag stand legs stopped holding the bag up and just spread all the way to let the bag fall . One of the zipper pockets is stuck and I ca n't get it open . I recently bought a new bag and had to cut a hole in the Cougar one to get my items out . So I 've not only replaced the bag , I 've also replaced the driver , 5-wood and 3-wood . The irons have worked very well though . And the 3-wood hit pretty well also . I only replaced it because I got it in a set with my driver and 5-wood . I would say that this set is really not worth the money . Save maybe $ 75 more and buy a better starter set .
 Disappointed in the quality of the irons . the 5 and the 8 iron each broke after about 100 swings over a period of 2 month . The rubber handle feels cheap and hard in the hands . I am almost becoming paranoid with the rest of the sets . I feel like they are going to break if I swing too much . For its price you get what you paid for .
 I order 2 extra long shirts to try . I ordered 1 red 1 grey . When the package came the first thing noticed was the red shirt was in a smaller bag size than the grey shirt . Upon opening , the grey shirt had cardboard that the sirt was wrapped around . The red shirt had no cardboard that the shirt was wrapped around . The grey shirt had no size tag on the back of the neck for the size just a stamp and made in Pakistan . The red shirt had tag with the size Russel brand and made in Pakistan . I put the grey shirt on , it on and it was very good in size and length . Loose fitting all around and nice and log . I then tried the red shirt , it was tight fitting , almost choking me around the neck and clearly shorter in length than the grey shirt that came in the same package . I placed both out on the bed and the red shirt was around 2 inches shorter in width 3 inches shorter in length and the neckline was an inch shorter and the sleeves were not as wide.Maybe they shipped me a returned shirt that was washed and shrunk ? Who knows but a 2XT with 2 different packaging , tags and sizes is not acceptable quality imho . I will be returning both shirts .
 Quality not very good . My expectations for a Russell Athletic product were not met . To me , the material was of a very low grade .
 this shirt started out at 34 '' length after wash and dried on low heat it was 32 '' inches long so cant where it which is bad new because it cost a lot more than the others i bought of other brands , i would recommend no one over 6.0 to 6.2 buy this i am 6.7 and it is way to short unless you like showing you back off and if that 's the case save the money and do n't wear a shirt
 For years I have loved Russell Athletic products -LRB- I have one shirt that I have worn at least 500 times and it still looks new -RRB- , but then my local Academy stopped carrying them . Although I prefer to buy locally , I had no choice and so ordered from Amazon . One of the shirts I bought came out of its third laundry cycle with the sleeve seams split in several places . Not what I had expected !
 The first time my son wore this shirt the length was great , as soon as I washed and dried -LRB- on low -RRB- the shirt shrunk . Do not wash , this shirt will shrink drastically . At least 3 inches .
 The packaging had dead insects in it , and in one of the 3 shirts there was a hole in it , near the collar . Whether it was a sewing mistake or insect munching , I do n't know .
 At first I was thrilled that I finally found a 2XT Tee Shirt that was actually cut for a tall person and not a fatty.The material also had a nice thickness to it , which has become a problem with many garments of late.After some inspection , I realized that the construction of one of the shirts was so far off that I had to go back to see if I ordered a blemish or factory second.If you pay $ 30.00 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- for a Tee Shirt , you should n't expect such an awful job . One of the side seams is fine , but the other starts at the armpit and then takes a sharp turn , ending close to the middle of the back . Not only does this look ridiculous , but I feel the pulling from this terribly made shirt.The packaging said that this shirt was made in Pakistan , which might be the reason for this reject of a shirt.Shirt companies were having shirts made in Mexico and Honduras , which was a slight decline from what is made in the US , but this is just unacceptable.What is next , $ 40.00 for a Tee Shirt made in Madagascar ?????
 I ordered 3 of these and they were not only on the small side , they also had significant size differences between supposedly equal sized shirts ... Someone slip some irregulars into this batch ?
 I am very disappointed in the T-Shirt that I received . Not only does it have small flaws but it is NOT the T-Shirt that is pictured on the web site . I will NOT be ordering anything else from this vendor .
 We have purchased Russell Athletic tshirts in the past and they were very true to size . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' and this `` tall '' size is at least 4 '' -6 '' short in the length compared to Reebok , Nautica and Cutter & Buck . Such a disappointment . I even washed them in cold water . I will say that the quality of the material of the shirt is good but does me no good if he wo n't wear them . Will NEVER buy these again !
 I bought these shirts because i have a hard time finding good shirts for tall people -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' 270lbs -RRB- . These shirts all shrank up in just a couple of washed the carhartt tall shirts have been far superior to these and so I will not be buying any more of these shirts .
 Disappointing ! This t-shirt shrank about five -LRB- ! -RRB- inches in the length even though I followed laundering directions on the label .
 95601 replacement cartridge does not fit the quicklatch respirator I purchased from you.The picture you show is the right picture for my respirator but the 95601 has a mettle base with threads on its outside not the hole in the back with the 3 prong slots.I 'd send you a picture of the mask it fits but ca n't see how.The cartridge I needed has the # 8053-p100stamped on it . The 95601 has the #R 53-p100 stamped on it.Needless to say I went to the hardware store where I could see the cartridge I 'm getting .
 just get urself a thermal goggle , this is just a 2 oz bottle of distilled water .
 It was supposed to be my daughter 's Christmas gift . She opened the gift today and tried it out couple times . Then we heard the noise and found 1 of the clip -LRB- plastic -RRB- was broken . The label said the maximum weight for a person to use this product is 250lb . My daughter 's weight is 105lb only
 I bought these waders in the Spring , and they worked great . I left them in the outdoor shed and the following Spring they were all cracked and trashed . Not sure why , as I have owned many pares of waders over the last 40 years and never had this problem on new waders . The only thing that I can think of is having had my boat nearby on a trickle charge over the winter .
 While I certainly was n't expecting NFL quality , this set is more on the level of a cheap Halloween costume than anything resembling a uniform . A fair price point would be around $ 25 not $ 45 . The helmet is thin plastic with packing grade foam inserts ... a red sticker declares `` not protective head gear '' ... no kidding . The poly-blend uniform could not be cheaper in feel and appearance . Again , you do n't expect top of the line gear for a kid 's set , but I would n't shell out $ 45 for a Halloween costume for an 8yr . old . And if I did , it would have to be a lot more impressive than this product.I want to add that when the seller became aware of my disappointment they were very responsive and offered a refund and to pay for return shipping . They also located and sent a chin strap that was missing for the set . Good people -LRB- I would give them 5 stars but the review is aimed at the uniform -RRB- ... a cheap , yet overpriced , product .
 I got the wrong bracelet . I wanted the New york yankees one and they gave me a texas rangers one . this was supposed to be for my dad now its ruined .
 these were the wrong bulbs . Did not fit my lantern . Did not know how to return them so I just threw them away . Very disappointed .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR CAMPING.BUT WHEN IT ARRIVED IT SMELLED LIKE FISH AND WAS DIRTY.I WANT TO RETURN IT AND IT WAS NOT NEW WHEN IT CAME . I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS PRODUCT .
 I bought this as an experiment to see how it performed against the Esbit stove.Initial impression was that the metal used is much thinner and more flexible than the Esbit . I also do n't understand why it was painted . Solid fuel will blacken the stove anyway , maybe they thought it would be more attractive . However , the paint bubbled immediately , and it seemed pointless to have it painted.Next , I put in the fuel , and opened the stove to the narrower of two positions to accommodate a camp pot . About 5 seconds later , one side of the stove collapsed , spilling water all over the place.I tried again , and it collapsed again , so I opened it full sized , and delicately balanced the pot.At this point , the stove worked as designed , and boiled my water in a reasonable fashion . However , I would not be able to use this stove with several of my other camp mess equipment.The price is OK , and the fuel tablets are much less expensive than Esbit - but the stove is built a little too cheaply .
 This hockey game was more trouble than it was worth . It takes about an hour to put all the tiny pieces together , which would have been okay if it worked properly . One goal was n't aligned properly , so you could only score from one side . The air suction was n't strong enough , so there were so many dead spots that you have to constantly push the puck with your finger . Plus , one of the flippers got stuck after about one day.I had to spend another hour taking it apart to repackage it and drag it to the post office to return it .
 For a $ 30.00 slipper , one would expect better quality . The upper portion of the slipper was excellent but the sole of the slipper was made out of a cloth type material that immediately wore out in a fully carpeted home . If you want a slipper that will last you a couple of weeks it 's great but do n't expect a season keeping your feet warm .
 I order 2 extra long shirts to try . I ordered 1 red 1 grey . When the package came the first thing noticed was the red shirt was in a smaller bag size than the grey shirt . Upon opening , the grey shirt had cardboard that the sirt was wrapped around . The red shirt had no cardboard that the shirt was wrapped around . The grey shirt had no size tag on the back of the neck for the size just a stamp and made in Pakistan . The red shirt had tag with the size Russel brand and made in Pakistan . I put the grey shirt on , it on and it was very good in size and length . Loose fitting all around and nice and log . I then tried the red shirt , it was tight fitting , almost choking me around the neck and clearly shorter in length than the grey shirt that came in the same package . I placed both out on the bed and the red shirt was around 2 inches shorter in width 3 inches shorter in length and the neckline was an inch shorter and the sleeves were not as wide.Maybe they shipped me a returned shirt that was washed and shrunk ? Who knows but a 2XT with 2 different packaging , tags and sizes is not acceptable quality imho . I will be returning both shirts .
 Quality not very good . My expectations for a Russell Athletic product were not met . To me , the material was of a very low grade .
 this shirt started out at 34 '' length after wash and dried on low heat it was 32 '' inches long so cant where it which is bad new because it cost a lot more than the others i bought of other brands , i would recommend no one over 6.0 to 6.2 buy this i am 6.7 and it is way to short unless you like showing you back off and if that 's the case save the money and do n't wear a shirt
 For years I have loved Russell Athletic products -LRB- I have one shirt that I have worn at least 500 times and it still looks new -RRB- , but then my local Academy stopped carrying them . Although I prefer to buy locally , I had no choice and so ordered from Amazon . One of the shirts I bought came out of its third laundry cycle with the sleeve seams split in several places . Not what I had expected !
 The first time my son wore this shirt the length was great , as soon as I washed and dried -LRB- on low -RRB- the shirt shrunk . Do not wash , this shirt will shrink drastically . At least 3 inches .
 The packaging had dead insects in it , and in one of the 3 shirts there was a hole in it , near the collar . Whether it was a sewing mistake or insect munching , I do n't know .
 At first I was thrilled that I finally found a 2XT Tee Shirt that was actually cut for a tall person and not a fatty.The material also had a nice thickness to it , which has become a problem with many garments of late.After some inspection , I realized that the construction of one of the shirts was so far off that I had to go back to see if I ordered a blemish or factory second.If you pay $ 30.00 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- for a Tee Shirt , you should n't expect such an awful job . One of the side seams is fine , but the other starts at the armpit and then takes a sharp turn , ending close to the middle of the back . Not only does this look ridiculous , but I feel the pulling from this terribly made shirt.The packaging said that this shirt was made in Pakistan , which might be the reason for this reject of a shirt.Shirt companies were having shirts made in Mexico and Honduras , which was a slight decline from what is made in the US , but this is just unacceptable.What is next , $ 40.00 for a Tee Shirt made in Madagascar ?????
 I ordered 3 of these and they were not only on the small side , they also had significant size differences between supposedly equal sized shirts ... Someone slip some irregulars into this batch ?
 I am very disappointed in the T-Shirt that I received . Not only does it have small flaws but it is NOT the T-Shirt that is pictured on the web site . I will NOT be ordering anything else from this vendor .
 We have purchased Russell Athletic tshirts in the past and they were very true to size . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' and this `` tall '' size is at least 4 '' -6 '' short in the length compared to Reebok , Nautica and Cutter & Buck . Such a disappointment . I even washed them in cold water . I will say that the quality of the material of the shirt is good but does me no good if he wo n't wear them . Will NEVER buy these again !
 I bought these shirts because i have a hard time finding good shirts for tall people -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' 270lbs -RRB- . These shirts all shrank up in just a couple of washed the carhartt tall shirts have been far superior to these and so I will not be buying any more of these shirts .
 Disappointing ! This t-shirt shrank about five -LRB- ! -RRB- inches in the length even though I followed laundering directions on the label .
 These paintballs are the worst . They are so greasy , that once you shoot even a single ball , it screws up the rest . they break in the gun , and bouce alot . That 's why they 're so cheap.My advice
 these paintballs will acually cuase you to get more splatter on yourself than anyone else . They are horrible and even for the low price they are not worth the hassle of cleaning your gun after every round . They also dont break and always curve when you shoot even if there is no wind . If I could have given them a zero I would have .
 Well after shooting these ... i feel there is a need for amazon to create a half star ... these just break every round and come covered in oil and are a total waste of money ... DO NOT BUY ...
 For the price of the knife I expected much better quality . First off the handle feels cheap ; almost like plastic parts you would snap together for a childs toy . The blade was not nearly as sharp as some of my other knives -LRB- I have 2 kershaws that exceed the form/blade/function of this knife in every way -RRB- and is a complete let down especially for the price . THis is my first benchmark knife and I was hoping for alot better .
 I own tons of knifes from Chris Reeves knives to china made 3 $ knifes . I wanted a good EDC , so I looked at the benchmade 550HG love the blade shape and the sypdie hole and the weight so I made the purchase . When the package came in I could not wait to open the box , after opening the knife I checked the blade centering which was off really bad to one side also the axis lock was sticking every 3 to 4 open/closes for a 80-90 $ knife this should not be . Sorry benchmade will stick to a Spyderco Para-Military 2 wayyyyyyyyy better craftsmanship and around the same price .
 My son is new to lacrosse and the second time we used this item the plastic clasp that holds the ball and teather cord broke off . This is a great item but I belive if the clasp was metal it would work better . Would n't recommend to a fellow lacrosse player .
 Within 2 throws this trainer broke . The plastic piece attaching the ball/cord broke from the tension of the throw . Do not waste your money .
 We used this item ONCE and the cord broke in two places at the ball connections . And it broke in two areas that are unrepairable . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . I am a high school coach and bought this for my daughter . She is not a strong thrower and this item STILL BROKE.These types of items make me very upset . They are positioned as an aid , but they have a bad design and are poorly contructed .
 Brick wall + lacrosse ball = better than this item . If you 're thinking about getting this , do n't . Just play wall ball . There 's much more you can do with it and you 'll get much better .
 It 's an alright hitting tool but it 's not even close to being worth the price . In fact , I paid a little over half the regular price when I got it on a lightning deal , I still do n't feel it 's worth what I paid . Others mentioned the cord tangling , this is absolutely correct . It tangles very frequently , and not only that but I 've had two of the lines break . Well , the lines did n't actually break but the little plastic knob/ball at the end came off of the line and it 's extremely difficult to get the line back into it . With the tangle problem I usually do n't use the tension cords anyway , I just use it as a basic tee where the kid hits it and we stop it and hit again , or I might line up a lefty on the opposite side of a righty so they can takes turn hitting so it spins back the other way towards the other batter . It 's really not a bad hitting tool even just used like I said , it 's just that it 's not worth the money . The only reason I even remembered to review this is because I 'm currently looking into getting a swingaway and I saw this as a similar item . I can tell you that even if you have to periodically replace the swingaway balls it 's still going to be a much better hitting tool for the money -LRB- they 're about the same price -RRB- . I know pro teams use the more expensive models of swingaway and I 've seen a lot of videos of its use , it seems to make a lot more sense than this does .
 Within the first year one of the power bands snapped and the batting head came off soaring across the yard . I know that my 8 & 7 year old do not have the power to hit this thing that hard . I glued it back on with epoxy resin . Within a few weeks the hitting head cracked . Replacement parts are expensive , I think . I should n't have to be replacing the hitting head within a year . Its designed to be hit . I guess the 90 day limited warranty says it all.In addition , I know my kids did not abuse this machine because I have to pull it out for them to play with and am with them when they use it . It is much too heavy for them to move at their ages.My neighbor has a similar device that is not the `` Jeter '' version . He uses his for his baseball team and has had no problems but the bands stretching out . His is almost 5 years old now . Mine did n't last a year.I would not recommend until they can make it better quality .
 The device works well , but the contact point on this unit is made out of hard plastic . Each contact makes a very loud ping . My daughter and I literally wear hearing protection when working with it . This is annoying , but my main concern is that thin-walled high performance bats could be damaged by this unit . Indeed there is a warning label on the stick that reads `` use only with practice bat . '' Because different bats swing differently I would prefer a unit that could be used with the game day bat .
 THIS WEATHER STATION MIGHT BE CLOSE ENOUGH FOR WHAT A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE WANTING IT FOR BUT IT 'S NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO USE FOR SHOOTING . I GOT THIS METER AND WAS COMPARING IT SIDE BY SIDE WITH MY BUDDY 'S KESTREL , THE WIND READING WAS BETWEEN 0-5 MPH FAST . SOMETIMES IT WAS RIGHT BUT MOSTLY IT READ FAST . ALSO THE TEMPERATURE WAS OFF BY ABOUT 7 DEGREES . THE OTHER MEASUREMENTS WERE CLOSE ENOUGH -LRB- MOSTLY EXACTLY THE SAME -RRB- BUT IT WAS BAD ENOUGH THAT I SENT IT BACK AND ORDERED A MORE EXPENSIVE KESTREL UNIT .
 I got this and right out of the box it looked like refurbished.Scratches on the surface . I had second thoughts if I should return it.It works fine but I would expect for this kind of money a flawless product right out of the box .
 The skymaster Weather Meter I purchased was a Christmas gift for my Son , who lives in Florida , the meter does not work correctly and I wanted to return the item for credit but according to Builder Depot , the shipper , my 30 day return period has expired . You offer returns until Jan. 31th . because of the holidays , why do n't your associates do the same?Now What do I do with a $ 161.71 gismo that does n't work ? I reply would begreatly appreciated .
 For a $ 30.00 slipper , one would expect better quality . The upper portion of the slipper was excellent but the sole of the slipper was made out of a cloth type material that immediately wore out in a fully carpeted home . If you want a slipper that will last you a couple of weeks it 's great but do n't expect a season keeping your feet warm .
 No matter if is raining or the sun is `` hot '' this is the shade you 'll need !! Saludos , Allan.2012-10-08 : Now , with the use , is too floopy for me . Trash it .
 For the price I would expect this to be a really comfortable hat that I would enjoy wearing . But whilst there was nothing wrong with it , I did not find it that brilliant . I have owned similar and very much cheaper hats before or since and have noticed no difference . In fact the cheaper and lighter the hat , the better . My other gripe was that I was persuaded to buy this with a lifetime guarantee of replacement if it got lost . Turns out this is not so . Although the label attached mentions this , there is small print inside the instruction manual saying that loss is only covered for two years and they will charge you half price for a replacement plus postage . I wo n't be buying any more of these .
 Said hinge seems to be spot welded and it came undone at one location ... very poor attention to this detail . The key is a bit difficult to use if one is in a hurry to access the weapon . Otherwise it is a reliable way to lock your firearm in the car , specially if you want to carry your gun in California .
 Upon receipt of item I opened the box to get the keys , I tested the key cylinder then shut and locked the box . That was the last time I saw the inside of the box . I tried using pliers to turn the key , as well as manipulating the box lid to try and free the latch . I sent the box back bent key and all for a full refund . I guess it 's better that it failed upon initial inspection rather than during an emergency situation .
 The promised cable was not included . The company said it is no longer included .
 This safe is garbage . The locking mechanism is incredibly cheap . I could ` nt even close and lock the safe . The latch just would ` nt fit into the groove and lock . The combination lock has a really cheap feel and is difficult to line up the three numbers evenly . Stay away .
 I got this as a Birthday gift last week . Right out of the box this over priced tin can came apart ! It is made out of the cheapest , thinest `` metal '' and all held together by two cheap spot welds ! you could easily pry it open with a small screwdriver . I am VERY surprised Amazon and Sprotsmans guide would sell such worthless JUNK ! I would have given it NO STARS if amazon would let me .
 I was interested in buying several of these all keyed alike , so I called the customer service number for Sportsman 's Guide to see how to order these . `` Glen '' told me it was n't possible.Sorry Glen , I 'll be ordering these from another vendor who can manage this order .
 I would easily be able to rip this box open . I refuse to put a 600 dollar hand gun in a piece of garbage like this . Any criminal with a little hand strength could easily get into this box quickly .
 A very small case - I do n't think any remotely reasonable sized revolver will fir in this case . Time to ship it back ...
 The case is solid but the latch can contact your gun inside if you do n't position it carefully . My Ruger P95 was a tight fit and required a little downward pressure and when I locked the case , I scratched the handle and frame.I returned the case . I found a case I like better at Barska . It was n't available on Amazon but can be ordered directly from Barska . It moves the latch out of the case storage area and looks like a better case .
 Great price , does the job but it could have been better . You have to hard mount it to a doorway , not what I had expected . Also , the threads screw in the same direction which makes tightening a pain . If it was counter done , you could have used your weight to make the bar tighten against the doorframe . It makes so much sense that it frustrates me when people get the easy things wrong .
 One person said it was thick so I got it but it 's not very thick at all - it 's very floppy and also soft plastic so it was already all scratched up just from the shipping . Its cute and fun but definitely kid quality - not for an adult sports room or game room . It 's in the garage but scratches extremely easily !
 I do n't know if Twins has just started making a new cut of their hats or if it 's just Giants caps . I had previously ordered a Nationals hat at XL which fit like a dream . I figure it 's the same company ; same sizes . I order a XL in a Giants and it 's huge . I then returned the XL , ordered a Large and ... it 's very tight . Overall , I am very unhappy about this product.I 'd reccomend trying on this hat in person at a store and not ordering it on here .
 It 's big and cushy , but it 's stinks badly like a can of turpentine . Even after airing it out for two weeks in the back yard , and then sitting on our floor for months it sill is a bit unpleasant smelling when laying on it .
 When I first ordered this item , your company sent me a right handed putter instead of a left handed one . I sent it back and ordered a second one . The second one came and the shaft of the putter was crooked and did n't line up with the head on the putter . So I sent that one bcak also.Your company reimbursed me for the first putter but not for the second one . I would like my charge card credited back .
 I was impressed at first with this bag . It has a good layout and design . Lots of space and pockets to put things . It did however develop a tear along the seam of the main compartment the day I purchased it . I 'm not sure how common this issue is but I need a bag to last and be tough , the seams of this bag seem poorly constructed and weak . I returned it for a full refund .
 I got mine from another site , but these bags are all the same . The straps are bad , just some padding on nylon straps . A lot of the molle section on mine are differently spaced , some large , others too small to attach a molle bag to . I would have liked to see another molle strip on the side of the bag , so there would 3 instead of the 2 it has . On the plus side the inside storge it pretty good . Overall not a bad bad , but could be better .
 I was expecting a lot more from Peltor . I used their high end headset with boom that connected to tactical radios in the past and was very impressed with their comfort and quality . These headphones are very poorly designed . To install the batteries you have to pop the plastic ring/ear muff portion off headset -LRB- on both ear muffs -RRB- every time and you feel like your going to snap some plastic off-and it is relying on pressure on a piece of plastic instead of having a battery case or some type of threaded positive holding area for the batteries , which are cheaply pushed into to two pieces of metal right next to the working `` guts '' of the the device . You literally have to disassemble the ear muffs to replace the batteries . The volume is independent for each ear , which is the type of thing I have not seen since the '80s with cheap disco radio headsets from radio shack . Does not come with batteries , does not have an AUX port for headset or MP3 , Tactical Radio , vehicle COMMS system or anything -LRB- Howard Leigh did and provided batteries , and only used two AAA unlike Peltors that use 4 AAA -RRB- . Yes I realize this was not in the description but It sure is a nice feature that cost them next to nothing to put on headset -LRB- see the Howard Leigh -RRB- Order both see what I mean , compare them side by side-take them shooting or just mow the yard with them . These Peltors are a bit of a let down.As for the Howard Leigh 's , I never heard of them until I ordered a set from Amazon and were extremely impressed.I luckily purchased a Howard Leigh headset at the same time -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- , which simply blow the Peltors away .
 I have owned a pair of the Peltor 7S headset since the early 1990s and those continue to work extremely well for me . I purchased the 6S thinking I would like the behind the head design & slightly slimmer profile and that I would let my son use the 7Ss . After a full morning at the range I am returning these and just buying anohter set of 7s . They do a very poor job of noise suppression . My ears were still uncomfortable with these on regardless of how I had the volume controls set.They do not work AT ALL with a rifle -LRB- at least an AR15 style rifle -RRB- . The behind-the-ear band prevented me from getting a sight picture through the scope because it pushed against the buttstock of the rifle.They are inconvenient to pack because they do not fold up.Wished I would have read the reviewes before purchasing . Glad Amazon is great with returns .
 This hearing protector is OK for hand gun noise , but it is totally inadequate for large rifle noise . I would not recommend this product for any rifle bigger than a .22
 I work on a shooting range every day , and found this to be one of the worst hearing protection products I have used . They fell apart after very little use , and the behind the neck mount was poor at best .
 I 've used this product before , but that was when I bought it from an outdoor retail store . They worked great then . The 12 pack I bought from Amazon , however , may have been old or something . The warmers smell really strange , kind of like fish , and they do n't seem to get as warm as the ones I used before . My guess is that they expire after a while , and that these are just too old . Considering the price , though , I guess they are n't so bad .
 I do n't know what was wrong with these , which I bought in 2009 . They got warm , but after a few uses , I noticed the bottom of my shoes had marks like scorch marks on the innersoles of my shoes and boots.And some of the scorch color came off on my socks . I ca n't get the entire `` scorch '' marks off the insoles . Maybe the foot warmers were old and on their `` last legs '' , so to speak .
 Item received was not as described on Amazon . Amazon listing said `` Lures - 1/12 oz - 3/4 oz . '' The picture showed about 8 Lures with a cost of $ 47.00 , which had been reduced to $ 2.95 . I placed the order and a 5 days later received only 1 single Lure . This Lure I could have bought at Walmart for about $ 2.00 . I called the company and they blamed Amazon for making a mistake on the listing , but they have done nothing to correct it . I am unhappy and very disappointed with this company .
 Tried on a variety of breeches in a variety of fabrics and LOVED the fit and feel of these . Soft , flexible , stays in place . Sadly , three washings later the seam below the faux fly developed holes around the stitching ; the fabric is essentially falling apart along the seam . My sister bought a pair at the same time and is experiencing problems in the same place , but in her case the stitching also fell apart in places and the edges of the fabric separated . Very disappointed !!
 Tried on a variety of breeches in a variety of fabrics and LOVED the fit and feel of these . Soft , flexible , stays in place . Sadly , three washings later the seam below the faux fly developed holes around the stitching ; the fabric is essentially falling apart along the seam . My sister bought a pair at the same time and is experiencing problems in the same place , but in her case the stitching also fell apart in places and the edges of the fabric separated . Very disappointed !!
 This backpack seemed to have everything I wanted for a major backpacking trip
 After almost 20 years of trekking , backpacking and mountaineering , I decided to hang up my trusty mule of a pack , the Lowe Alpine Contour IV , and splurge on a comfortable load master , the Gregory 95 -LRB- large -RRB- . I packed it for a 10 trip to knock out 5 14ers -LRB- and a few 13ers -RRB- in the Sawatch Range of Colorado.When I pulled it out of the Eagle Creek XXL duffle in Denver , I noticed the plastic in the hip belt was snapped.What that meant was for the entire time we were backpacking to basecamp , my heavy load -LRB- 60 + lb -RRB- was pinched into my shoulders.I do n't know if it cracked during transit , or if I missed the crack in the store -LRB- as some other reviewers have noted that these packs often come defective -RRB- . Additionally , just through normal usage on one trip , the fabric has several rips , punctures and tears . It seems delicate . I did n't notice any stitching blow-outs , but will watch -LRB- as other reviewers have noted on different back country sites -RRB- for that since it seems to be common.I guess that they do n't make them like they used to . I have contacted Gregory and am waiting for a return authorization.In the meanwhile , for my upcoming winter trip , I am pulling out the trustworthy Lowe Alpine instead.Sadly , I had always heard that Gregory 's were the top of the line in comfort and durability , and for the price they charge , you would expect that.Be very cautious if you are looking at an extended trip with more than 40lb loads , have a backup plan in case it fails far from civilization .
 Tried on a variety of breeches in a variety of fabrics and LOVED the fit and feel of these . Soft , flexible , stays in place . Sadly , three washings later the seam below the faux fly developed holes around the stitching ; the fabric is essentially falling apart along the seam . My sister bought a pair at the same time and is experiencing problems in the same place , but in her case the stitching also fell apart in places and the edges of the fabric separated . Very disappointed !!
 Tried on a variety of breeches in a variety of fabrics and LOVED the fit and feel of these . Soft , flexible , stays in place . Sadly , three washings later the seam below the faux fly developed holes around the stitching ; the fabric is essentially falling apart along the seam . My sister bought a pair at the same time and is experiencing problems in the same place , but in her case the stitching also fell apart in places and the edges of the fabric separated . Very disappointed !!
 Tried on a variety of breeches in a variety of fabrics and LOVED the fit and feel of these . Soft , flexible , stays in place . Sadly , three washings later the seam below the faux fly developed holes around the stitching ; the fabric is essentially falling apart along the seam . My sister bought a pair at the same time and is experiencing problems in the same place , but in her case the stitching also fell apart in places and the edges of the fabric separated . Very disappointed !!
 This backpack seemed to have everything I wanted for a major backpacking trip
 After almost 20 years of trekking , backpacking and mountaineering , I decided to hang up my trusty mule of a pack , the Lowe Alpine Contour IV , and splurge on a comfortable load master , the Gregory 95 -LRB- large -RRB- . I packed it for a 10 trip to knock out 5 14ers -LRB- and a few 13ers -RRB- in the Sawatch Range of Colorado.When I pulled it out of the Eagle Creek XXL duffle in Denver , I noticed the plastic in the hip belt was snapped.What that meant was for the entire time we were backpacking to basecamp , my heavy load -LRB- 60 + lb -RRB- was pinched into my shoulders.I do n't know if it cracked during transit , or if I missed the crack in the store -LRB- as some other reviewers have noted that these packs often come defective -RRB- . Additionally , just through normal usage on one trip , the fabric has several rips , punctures and tears . It seems delicate . I did n't notice any stitching blow-outs , but will watch -LRB- as other reviewers have noted on different back country sites -RRB- for that since it seems to be common.I guess that they do n't make them like they used to . I have contacted Gregory and am waiting for a return authorization.In the meanwhile , for my upcoming winter trip , I am pulling out the trustworthy Lowe Alpine instead.Sadly , I had always heard that Gregory 's were the top of the line in comfort and durability , and for the price they charge , you would expect that.Be very cautious if you are looking at an extended trip with more than 40lb loads , have a backup plan in case it fails far from civilization .
 This pillow is n't the least bit firm . I am a side sleeper , so I needed a pillow with some support , and this was n't it . I wo n't be using it again .
 These are too soft to be used as pillows . They compress to nearly paper thickness when you lay on them .
 Tried on a variety of breeches in a variety of fabrics and LOVED the fit and feel of these . Soft , flexible , stays in place . Sadly , three washings later the seam below the faux fly developed holes around the stitching ; the fabric is essentially falling apart along the seam . My sister bought a pair at the same time and is experiencing problems in the same place , but in her case the stitching also fell apart in places and the edges of the fabric separated . Very disappointed !!
 cheap , does not hold pressure well , valve ends do not fit well or snug to the bulb , for air or gases only . Fluid will not work well .
 Tried on a variety of breeches in a variety of fabrics and LOVED the fit and feel of these . Soft , flexible , stays in place . Sadly , three washings later the seam below the faux fly developed holes around the stitching ; the fabric is essentially falling apart along the seam . My sister bought a pair at the same time and is experiencing problems in the same place , but in her case the stitching also fell apart in places and the edges of the fabric separated . Very disappointed !!
 Packaging was all banged , The lat 's tower calbe was too short so there was no way of putting it together and the crossover arrived WITHOUT the weight ... . A complete mess .
 My 2-year is a tricycle riding maniac . He LOVES riding and can peddle so well . I bought this tricycle because he can comfortably reach the peddles . The problem is that it tips over VERY easily . I am searching for another trike that is more stable so I do n't have to stay within a foot of him to try and catch him when he 's about to have a bad fall . I recommend you find a tricycle with a lower center of gravity and a wider wheel base in back . However , my son enjoys it and it is durable .
 I would never buy this trike again for a child . It tips VERY easily when the child 's weight leans even the slightest bit forward or to the side . Enough said . Money wasted and damage done .
 This trike is too tall , and the front wheel is too small . The result is that it tips over VERY easily . I wo n't even let my two year old on it , because it falls over so easily . My 31/2 year old can ride it straight on a totally flat surface , but we live on a cul-de-sac that has a slight slant to it , and any time she tries to turn it at all she tips right over . Even the 4 year old boy next door falls down on this . It 's so tippy that the neighbors wo n't let any of their kids ride it ! Not only that , but the grippers on the handles come right off . I love Radio Flyer , and I certainly have fond memories of their products from when I was a kid , but I wish I had gotten a lower , wider , safer tricycle instead of this one .
 This was a gift for our son when he was 2 . There was no way he could reach the pedals . Age 3 -- not reaching . Age 4 -- not reaching . Age 4 and 1/2 he can reach , but he does n't feel safe on it . Now he is almost 5 and is still afraid to ride it . Keep in mind , he is a little bit shorter than the average bear . Now he 's afraid to try . It 's too tipsy and will not take bumps well . He 'd rather stand near it and ring the bell . Now we also have a 2-year-old girl and she wants to ride it , but I 'm terrified that she would fall off . The seat is too small and has them perched so high that I 'm afraid to even let them ride on it while I push.I think this should be for an older child with smooth sidewalks and no fear -- but that type of child probably would be bored with its lack of flexibility and poor turning capability.Why two stars ? The looks , of course . It decorates the garage nicely .
 This toy was bought by my parents to our 3-year old son . He 's likes to look at it and play with the bell and streamers . However , It 's not safe at all ! Our son ca n't reach the pedals while turning even with the seat at the lowest setting . Like the other reviews I read we have the same problems with the handle bar . Also , even though my son knows how to ride it , the bike still tips over every once-in-a-while , unlike his playschool plastic trike . I think he has a new room decoration , but not recommended for riding .
 I had the same problems and have written to Radio Flyer . The handlbars do not stay in alignment -LRB- and I even got a replacement part to supposedly fix this problem -RRB- and the tricycle tips far too easily . Do n't fall for the rugged look , it is not worth the money . Get something from another company made of plastic . I find this bike dangerous and will not let my son ride it .
 My 3 year old ca n't reach the petals -LRB- she is considered tall for her age -RRB- . She is also terrified to ride this horrible tricycle because it tips over ! Nostaglia is about all it is good for !
 Sorry to say but the product got a negative review for safety from children 's magazine because it tips over easily . We got it for our grandson and before we could give it we were asked to take it back .
 My 21/2 year-old received this bike for Christmas . We all loved its retro look and it seemed pretty sturdy . He had only had it for a couple of days when we noticed he was peeling off the shiny metallic coating from the handlebars . His grandmother tried to brush away the loose flakes and received several substantial cuts on her fingers and hand . We got rid of the bike immediately ! Also , while it says it is appropriate for ages 2 and up , his older brother was barely big enough to pedal it .
 I bought two of these for my twin daughters who are 4-1/2 now and they still have trouble riding them.The trike will topple over if the wheels are turned too sharply . The center of gravity is too high for small children . One of my daughters said she 's rather just walk in the parade and wave a flag than learn how to ride it for the 4th of July parade . That 's when I decided I need to get her a different trike if her experience has been that bad.Also , the bolts come loose and the wheel can turn without turning the steering wheel no matter how tightly the bolts are tightened . Same with the seat - it wiggles.The other daughter fell off the trike and the lever for the bell dug into her skin causing a bad scrape.It 's pretty and the bell has a lot of nostalgia but it has n't been practical at all . Trike riding should feel like a joy but with these , the kids think I 'm giving them a chore when I say `` Let 's go ride tricycles . ''
 When purchasing this product , I thought that the brand Radio Flyer was a brand that I could depend on for durability since I was using this item in my preschool . I found that the bicycle that I purchased was not as sturdy as other bicycles that I have purchased in the past and the handle bars could not be tightened enough to keep them from moving , which prevents my 2-4 year olds from riding and turning the bike properly .
 I bought model # 33 tricycle and it looks beautiful and is veryeasy to ride - my 2 year old son loves it . Unfortunately after1 hour of riding on it he fell of 3 times - so did my friendskids 3 and 2 year old boys . There is something completelywrong with its weight . When the front wheel is turned even alittle bit in one direction and the child bends forward inanother there are down on their faces.It looks so nice but this model is very dangerous andpractically unusable ... Try model # 36 - it looks safer with thechain drive.Anna -LRB- Mother of 27 month old and 7 month old -RRB-
 I purchased this tricycle for my 2 year old son-he is 4 now . What a mistake ! The bike tips over very easily when turning and it 's very hard to tell a 2 year old to slow down when he 's trying to have fun . Even in slow speed turns you can see the inside back tire start to lift.With a 2 year old , riding the tricycle occasionally , all the tread wore off the front tire in 6 months and I have not found anyone who sells replacement tires.Although I grew up with Radio Flyer 's back in the 60 's , and they were made very well back then , I have to say I would never buy a Radio Flyer product again .
 We purchased this bike for our two and a half year old son , since it 's age reccomendation was for 24 months through 5 years . He could not reach the pedals , let alone the ground -LRB- and he is in the 75 % for his height -RRB- and he was constantly falling over on it . Also , the handle bar could not be tightened enough to stay in proper alignment with the front tire , so it was always turned sideways to make the bike go straight . My neighbor also has this bike and hers does the same thing . Finally , after about five months of my four year old riding it , the front tire has just completely broke off of the frame !! We are very disappointed in the stability and quality of this bike . It looks cute , but do n't be fooled . It is very top/front heavy and is always falling over when you make a turn . Do n't buy it !!!
 I ordered this bike as the main present for my four year old 's birthday . Imagine the disappointment when we could not sufficiently tighten the bolt that attaches the handlebars to the front wheel , so the handlebars turn independently from the wheel -LRB- making the bike unusable -RRB- . We called the manufacturer and they sent us a new part -- we replaced it and it did not solve the problem . Now they are sending us a different part . Meanwhile , my daughter is still without a bike .
 This trike is advertised with other trikes . However , while the others are 10 inch trikes , this one doesnt inform the custumer that it is a 12 '' trike and not suitable for 2 year olds.It is beyond me why the size of this bike is not in the ad!Isnt it fair to assume that if it is listed with other 10 inch trikes and no other sizes that this is a 10inch also?This trike is much too big for a 2 yo .
 I worked in bicycle shops for years and assembled many tricycles . I purchased this one for my 2.5-year-old daughter because she saw one at the hardware store and loved it . The trike has the classic Radio Flyer look , which is great , and its steel construction gives it some heft and the appearance of durability.But there are problems . The pedal/crank/front fork assembly relies on a cheap plastic casing to hold these critical pieces together -LRB- every time the child pedals the trike , all of these parts are under stress -RRB- . The casing fell out on one side almost right away , leaving the crank separated from the fork . Trying to lightly tap it back into place with a hammer proved unsuccessful . Also , the handlebar/headtube assembly relies on a nut-and-bolt configuration that even under repeated tightening was unable to hold the handlebar securely in the headtube . this , of course , is maddening to both adult and child when handlebars are constantly out of alignment.Buy with caution .
 We bought this Radio Flyer Tricycle for my now five year old when she was two . It tips over horribly . The front will `` jack-knife '' and then it tips over . She refused to ride it until she was older , even though she could reach the pedals with no problem . She just got tired of tipping over and crashing . When she was three , it seemed to work better for her and not tip quite as much . We kept it because it is so cute and reminiscent of the old days . Now , our 2nd daughter is two and we are going through the tip-overs all over again . It 's very unsafe and frustrating for both child and parent . We are going to sell it in a yardsale and buy another brand that has better reviews and is not known to tip so easily . Radio-Flyer , you need to do a little work on this one to make it safer for this era .
 It 's a cute toy and has all the impressions of the classic but built like a Shenzhen knock-off . Even if you did n't see the made in China sticker you can tell these are not made in Chicago any more.So disappointed with the fit and finish of this , I feel like I 'd rather make this from scratch for my child than to have purchased it.The kid loves it , and will have a great time but the engineer in me know it could be better and feel that Radio Flyer is phoning it in.I 'm honestly ashamed I gave them money for this . Does the product work ? Sure . Will the kid have fun ? Sure . Could this be built in America at a competitive price ? I have to believe it can .
 My daughter received this for Christmas when she was about 2 . She loved all things red , so it seemed to be the perfect gift . However , when kids try to turn , it flips over ! I thought it was just my daughter trying to turn too sharp , but my son has flipped it nearly every time he has tried it as well . THe neighborhood kids have flipped it over as well , resulting in many scraped hands and knees but luckily no heads . I AM THROWING IT AWAY !
 My Mother bought this bike for my 2 year old son as a big brother gift when we had our second child . We had it for a couple of weeks and he drove around in the house fine . But when we took it out on the sidewalk it kept toppling over if he hit an uneven part on the sidewalk . So we took it to the park to a very flat section and he kept falling over . Even a 3 year old friend kept falling over and getting hurt . I took the bike back the next day . Yes the bike is as cute as can be but be careful . . wear a helmet and pads !
 We were so excited to buy this bike for our 2 year old . We figured Radioflyer is a well known brand which has been around for over 70 years ; however , now the bike is not made with quality American standards . It 's made in China . The bike has a noxious odor which is so strong that I fear it may be carcinogenic to our kids ' precious lungs and bodies . The bike is not very constructed and tips over easily . Now it will be a cumbersome task to return this product that we tediously assembled . More disappointing , this toy purchase was a `` tease '' to our child who was so excited have his first `` real '' bike.I guess , the search will go on . :-LRB- Buyers beware when buying ANY products for your kids . Nowadays , company profit supersedes children 's well-being .
 We bought these bikes for our 2 y/o son and 3 y/o daughter for Christmas . While they look great and are very sturdy , they are just too darned big for a little toddler . Even now 9 months later they still can not sit on the seat and reach the pedals . By the time they will be able to reach teh pedals they will be ready for a two wheeler . My kids are not tiny either , my daughter is 50 percentile and my son is 90 percentile . Get a smaller tricycle so your kids can ride it . We have a Planet Kiddo hand me down -LRB- made in Germany -RRB- that is much smaller and my daughter rides that around.Edited to add
 My husband bought this for our two year old son ... and it was just too big for him to use . So , we thought we 'd wait . We had it outside , under a tarp and within two months , it started to rust . Once it started , the rust could n't stop . So basically , a big waste of money.Should have bought the plastic Rock-n-Roll Trike instead or a Kettler .
 My little guy received this trike from his Grandparents when he was two . He could just reach the peddles and was very excited about it . It took a few months before he could really reach the peddles and get moving on it . Every time and I mean EVERY time he rides the trike it tips over on him and he ends up hurt . As one of the other reviews states , I thought maybe he was turning to sharp but even when I hold on and help him turn slowly I feel it start to tip . It 's now hanging in the garage and he will not be riding it again . We will be buying him a more stable/safe trike .
 I never write reviews but I feel the need to do so on this item.I bought this tricycle for my son 's second birthday . He could n't quite figure out the pedaling aspect when I first gave it to him but I figured he would get the hang of it.Unfortunately , now that he is bigger and more coordinated he is still unable to pedal . Though he can easily reach , the pedals have a lot of resistance which makes it hard for him to go further than one push . Keep in mind , my son is often confused for being four rather than two so I do n't believe its that he is too weak or small . I think that if he had learned on a bike that was easier to pedal he probably would have been able to figure this one out but so far , no luck.Other than that , the tricycle is perfect . Great looking , not terrible to put together . No complaints except for the difficulty of pushing . Thus , I would not recommend this for a first tricycle.Please give suggestions for a better first tricycle as I am still on the hunt !
 I bought this tricycle as christmas gift for my 3 year old son in December 2010 . We could not use it till now because the handle bar could not be tightened enough to stay in proper alignment with the front tire.The design is very bad . The handle bar is connected to the front tire completely by friction . No matter how much I tightened the clap which make the friction between handle bar and front tire , the handle bar still turns away from the from tire easily . So the handle bar and front tire can not be aligned . This tricycle is completely useless.I saw someone just drilled a hole and put a pin bwteen handle bar and front tire connection . Maybe that is the only solution .
 It 's a beautiful tricycle and pretty irresistible to us parents who had similar ones as a child , but RESIST ! It topples easily -- very easily . My son is 3 years old , 40 inches tall and 38 pounds . This trike is the perfect size for him and he can ride it really well . But if he turns any kind of halfway sharp turn , it tries to tip over . If he goes the least bit fast , it starts to tip over . I 'm a nervous wreck when he 's on this trike because it 's constantly about to tip over , and sometimes , of course , it does tip over and we have to untangle him from it . He avoids it and prefers to ride an old trike we paid $ 5 for at a garage sale . We finally bought a REAL trike -- the Supertrike 3 . It 's much , much better.Don ' t go for nostalgia , go for function and safety . Do n't buy this tricycle .
 My son received this bike for his 3rd birthday from his grandparents . We loved it 's looks . When the weather broke we took it outside and we were ready for some fun . Well everytime my son turned the bike fell over . When you turn it cuts too sharp and the bike tips over . After three times of getting hurt that was it and he will not ride the bike now . We thought maybe he was too young so we let our neighbors son ride , he is four he also fell twice and will not ride . Last but not least we let a 5 year old try she also fell twice and that was it for her . They look at the bike as if to say , `` I 'm not riding that bike . '' So now it sits in our garage . I will say though it is a beautiful bike just not made to turn .
 I did n't heed the warnings , because some people gave this trike 5 stars and some gave it 1 , with little middle ground . I loved the looks of the tricycle so much I decided to listen to the 5-star people . I wish I had n't . My son is almost 3 , and he 's 40 inches tall and weighs 39 pounds , so he 's not a tiny guy . He 's learned he 'd better not turn the handlebar very fast or he 'll tip over . He 's learned he 'd better not pedal very fast or he 'll tip over . I 've learned I 'd better be ready to grab him at any moment or he 'll be tangled up on the ground with a tricycle on top of him . The center of gravity in this trike is WAY too high and is dangerous . I suppose it must work better for bigger kids -LRB- i.e. 5 and up -RRB- , but definitely not for its intended users , ages 3 and 4 . His little Roadmaster tricycle we bought at a garage sale is way better , because it wo n't tip over no matter what he does.Trikes should be made to go fast and be stable , and this one does not fit the bill .
 My daughter received this tricylcle for her second birthday . She is very tall for her age and already knew how to pedal a trike . She was so excited to get her first bike , but that excitement turned to frustration very quickly . She tipped over every time , even when she was not moving -- just leaning over to look at the pedals . The center of gravity on this tricycle is much too high and the back wheel base is too narrow . We went to ToysRUs and let my daughter try out several other trikes and she loves the Kiddi-O Supertrike 4 . A great bike that is n't a health hazard !
 I bought this product after an extensive search on organic and natural insect repellents for a trip to Cozumel . We were told we were not allowed to use anything with chemicals because of the reef . I also have small kids and usually do n't put anything on them , so I thought , great , something I can use on them too when we get home . The price was right so I bought 2 bottles.First the good . It arrived quickly and packaged well . The stuff smells great ! My skin felt very silky and smooth after I put it on . Especially after spending the day in the salt water and sun.The bad ... it attracted every mosquito on the island . I was better on the night I did n't wear it . I wore no other lotion . No perfume . Nothing . I was still willing to think that maybe it was the really persistant Mexican mosquitoes eating through the spray . So , I tried again . I used it again at home in western Pennsylvania over the next week . My entire family was bitten by mosquitoes . A few days later my 2 daughters and I were bitten by chiggers over our entire arms and legs while planting flowers . I finally just stopped . I went back to my Skin So Soft . I hate the smell , but we 're not itching anymore.Hope this help !
 In parts of Dallas this year , we 've had the worst mosquitos I can remember since moving here 15 yrs ago . I really wanted this product to work so I can stop spraying chemicals on my body every time I want to sit outside . I tried it , and five minutes later , applied again as I was being eaten up . Five minutes after that , same thing . I took out the chemicals -LRB- `` Off '' -RRB- and sprayed . No more bites now .
 I ordered this to hopefully keep the mosquitoes off my 3 year old . They seem to LOVE her . I sprayed the Cactus juice all over my daughter prior to her playing outside . The spray did n't make a difference at all . She got just as many mosquito bites using the spray as she would have without . It does have a nice smell though .
 I was not crazy about the smell like some people seem to be about this product , but we tried it because Montana Mosquitos bite the heck out of us . Sorry to say this product did NOT WORK for the three of us who tried using it . Used it for three days hoping it would stop the bites , but no relief , after three different none deat products -LRB- deat causes me horrible rash -RRB- including this one , the three of us left Montana with tons of horrible bites .
 After a lot of confusion and a changed shipping arrival date by Amazon , the product did arrive within the specified time frame . Five bottles of Cactus Juice were placed in a plastic bag that was put in a box with no material to protect it . When I opened the box the plastic bag was full of Cactus Juice ! Not only is this a mess for me to clean up , I will not have five full bottles of this product . I would not order from this vendor again . I have used this product in the past -LRB- a friend had some -RRB- and it works very well to keep the flies at the Delaware Beaches from stinging .
 Absolute worst Hat ever.I am a hat collector.This hat is totally flat , totally faded -LRB- 10 shades lighter than the photo -RRB- looks like it came from the bottom of the heap of a grab bag at the salvation army store.It was made in china and , appears to be someone 's 10 yr . old pre-owned hat.You will have to line the inside -LRB- all the way around -RRB- with cardboard to fill it out on your head and to get it to stand up straight when not in use .
 i kinda like the jacket , but its way to short ! need something longer for the rain .
 I bought a Marmot rain suit a couple of years ago , not from Amazon . It featured similar technology , some sort of little pores in the material that would let if breathe , but keep rain out.I did some hiking in light rain with good results . A little sweaty if I was really pushing it , but ok . The suit was thoughtfully designed and well-made . Later , I waited for the big rain . After a couple of hours it went right through and I was soaked . I wore it many other times since and the results were the same ; fine for a couple or three hours in light rain , no good for heavy rain.Per the directions , I fluffed it up in the dryer , to re-activate the chemical that makes it water-proof and went out again . Same results . I maybe took it out a dozen times , so there was no reason it should have been worn out in any way . It was never washed , either , so nothing was washed away.I contacted Marmot and they said it should be sent in for re-waterproofing , that my rainsuit was not designed to be totally waterproof , just water resistant.I write this review not knowing if the material and the chemical process is different now . Maybe this review is not fair because this is a different product altogether , but I have my suspicions . The technology is presented the same way , the same sort of advertising . The design of the suit and its features appear to be the same.I suggest that you contact the company and grill them about just what is promised.Note the lofty price of Gore Tex products -LRB- ! -RRB- . It may be that you have to go that route to get perfect performance . If you are going to use your suit a lot , and use it in heavy rain , it might be worth going in that direction . If you need a suit for very occasional or non-exertion use , or just for emergencies , then a PVC suit will probably be ok . They are totally waterproof , and cheap , but do sweat you up big time if you are working hard or hiking .
 I mainly bought this because I wanted something with a roll up hood , packable , cheap and reliable . Main thing was a roll up hood . I wear boonie hats or watch caps so I wont be using the hood unless I lose my hat . Rolling up the hood makes the jacket look like crap , and it feels like crap on your neck . I have water proof jackets without roll up hoods , so this was a waste of money for me . I got it cheap enough so I might as well keep it , but it was very disappointing . This was a feature that I thought would be fairly straight forward , but I will probably stay away from Marmot jackets in the future unless I see it first . The only thing keeping me from giving this a 1 star rating is I have not actually used it in the rain yet , so it may be great in that regard . This is mainly a condemnation of the roll up hood design .
 Having owned and used this jacket for over a year now , mostly in the rain for short -LRB- less than ten miles -RRB- hiking , biking , and running , I can say that while it does look good and fits well , it is ultimately disappointing in that it fails to deliver in the main purpose for which I bought it
 Have you ever ridden a bike in unbreatheable clothing , in inclement weather ? Yep , sucks bad . Do it a number of occasions , and you begin to understand why the cycle commuters wear those expensive-looking rain jackets . I went through a few cheaper ones before I discovered the Precip . Initially -- or rather , for the first 18 months or so -- it was a dependable rain-blocking outer shell.Alas , the waterproof inner lining has started to wear out around the shoulders due to friction from backpack and shoulder bag straps . I do not consider this an acceptable lifespan for the premium price I paid for this jacket when it was a new item and I will be taking the jacket back , either to the retailer or to Marmot -LRB- they have a lifetime warranty . -RRB- This said , one should not dismiss this design as a complete reject , but it can not withstand being regularly used in conjunction with a backpack or shoulder bag . If you doe not have this requirement , then it would be an excellent packable rain jacket suitable for active use .
 I have coached t-ball , as well as high school ball , for 10 years . In this time I have learned that the proper equipment makes a huge difference in a player 's development . I purchased this t-ball set for my 5 year-old daughter . I was extremely disappointed in this product . The tee is very cheaply-made and difficult to assemble . The bases are paper-thin . The worst and most inexcusable fault with this product is in the height of the tee itself . For a product that is suppopsedly designed to teach younger children , the design is awful . The lowest possible height puts the ball at my daughter 's shoulders , which makes me wonder
 We got this for our son when he was 6 and it never worked very well . The tee always came apart and the bases are totally cheap ! I would n't recommend spending your money on something so flimsy . The price was n't expensive , so I guess you get what you pay for ...
 I bought this product almost a year ago . Now , suddenly , the seller has harvested my trusted-accounts-only email address from the transaction and started sending me spam that they claim I have `` signed up for '' . Worse yet , they are evidently doing it through an offshore spam factory , and so it seems likely that my absolutely-spam-free email account has been destroyed by this abuse of theirs.I recommend that you do not do business with this supplier , in my experience they can not be trusted !
 This product , as with most other ATN products have turned out to be an expensive letdown . It would not give a reading . The instructions did not match the product and the item did not match the photograph . I will not be buying another ATN product , investing in quatlity the first time around beats throwing money away on an imitator like them then later having to buy something that works anyway . This product does n't even deserve the star I had to give it in order to post this rating.Amazon did a good job of correcting the problem though , so the star is to their credit , not ATN .
 This is a scam . I bought this a few months ago and opened it to find that the battery container was broken and the wires are all mixed up and the product does not work . I was going to gift this to my brother who is visiting from Canada and This SCAM ruined my plans . How can you be selling products like this to people ?????
 I purchased this item at the beginning of dove season . I tested it 's performance in my yard for about a week and found that the wings would not spin . I rechecked the wing mounting to make sure I had assembled them correctly and I had . I siliconed the shafts to no avail . No amount of natural wind would spin the wings . I then got out my Stihl BR600 leaf blower to see if a 100 mph wind would spin the wings and amazingly the wings spun . The bottom line is if you buy this item and expect it to function as advertised you had better pack your leaf blower along with your shotgun because that is the only way you will get any action from this dead bird .
 I purchased this Thermometer to wear on my watchband while cycling to be able to check the outside temperature . I guess you ca n't expect much for $ 8 ! Unless you have superb vision , the dial/numbers are totally unreadable and too small.The gauge reading is not even close to ambient temperature , but might do better if used for diving.Except for the fact that it looks ` cool ' and fits my watchband perfectly , it is worthless as an ambient thermometer.Summary
 If it 's too good to be true it most likely is.And that applies here.I 've used this thing in almost every way I can think of.I 've laid it on a table in an air conditioned room while it was 80 out according to several sources , including calling up the number for local weather , checking online , and on my phone , my room is also much cooler than the temperatures outside bordering on cold , and it reads almost 90 , so I can tell you it 's off greatly.It rises to all sorts of varying levels sometimes 10 degrees higher than what it really is other times it can read 120 , this is not a defective product I may add , just very primitive in construction and not accurate , body heat , environment , and exertion will vary it 's levels , all over it 's available ranges , and there is no methodology you can use to accurately measure it with this , so forget always subtracting 10 degrees unless you want to be totally misinformed all of the time because it changes randomly above and below 10 degrees sometimes much higher than that or lower as I described , if you 're into survival this is not a good idea.It picks up body heat , so if worn on a wrist watch it will always read higher than what it really is , and this will jump around all over the place depending on many different factors like increased temperature due to exercising , or even just watching a racy movie in an air conditioned room.No problem I thought , I 'll just cord it too a backpack , well I tried that , and guess what ? apparently my Air conditioned room magically is 120 degrees F during the day and 40 F at night lolIt does however make a very nice clamp for watches with extra length on the band sticking out , it keeps my watch looking clean and inspection ready without that ugly extra band length sticking out , so in that aspect I gave it two stars , because it looks sharp.As a military man I 'm all about function though , and keeping the band tidy is the only thing it preforms it 's duty in.If you expect a good temperature reading you will not get it , I 'm sorry but I will need to totally decline on positive reviews no matter how many the people `` say '' they bought.On a side note , it would make a good toy for a budding child , or someone in need of a cheep watch band fix.This is just my two cents.Semper Fi .
 The construction of the leg hole is sub standard . The edge is too thick and cuts into the thigh . Would not use it .
 The leg holes on these are ridiculously tight . I 'm a fairly fit runner with not abnormally sized legs and these are so restrictive as to be painful . And they look like granny panties . Speedo used to make a square leg suit that fit well , but they must have discontinued it.Really , unless you are emaciated , your legs will not fit in the leg holes .
 Just sent the black model of this suit back . The dye is not set and will wash out every time it gets wet . This suit fits well but not made for the water . Buy the navy one , no problems with it yet . After 3 months it turned brown . Have not found a speedo that is color fast in water !
 We returned this item as the legs were so small . It was well made but the banding around the legs were to tight and small . If you order this order a size larger .
 The suit lost color in about four or five months , The fabric is good , the suit has kept its for . But it just turned from black to brown , a sort of copper look . I am shopping for a Lycra one .
 After the first time I used , next day I observed a stain at the white Stripe ! I hate this product
 Terrible quality . Faded and lost all shape within 2 month of daily use . Worst suit I have purchased in a long time .
 This swim suit was navy blue , just a couple times in the pool and the color started to turn brown ! The piping sewn around the leg holes stayed blue but not the rest of the suit . I have suits from other manufacturers used in the same pool with no color shifts . I am very disappointed with this item especially from a company that is suppose to be top of the line . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 Bad cut - at least for my body type . Very high-riding . Came up almost to my navel ! Nice try tough , with the sqaure-ish cut and stripes . Looked promising . Legs are , indeed , tight as many reviewers point out . But the waist was maybe just a touch small to size . Sent back .
 I wear 32-34 , but the medium size almost suffocated my thighs ! I had to return these . I noticed the Gary Majdell shorts have a better style , so I re-ordered those instead .
 I got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . I have to buy another one I got so sick of this ugly shape and hard nylon material . The opening on the legs cuts in to your legs almost stopping blood flow ! There is no way to adjust this , it 's not elastic either but something hard and set and feels extremely uncomfortable . Generally , it 's badly cut , badly designed , ugly and shapeless on the body , it sits on your like some kind of plastic bag you pulled over your privates . Avoid this like a plague .
 The pole works just fine . However , the NG info on the pole is unreadable due to the delamination of the data onto the shaft . I did n't buy the pole for the foot to meters conversion but the workmanship on the shaft is just so shoddy you would ` nt want to hand it to anyone to `` admire '' . NG should not be associated with such poor workmanship .
 This was not a good purchase , a waste of money . I have a Leki walking stick that I love but this walking stick as not up to the quality that I expected . It had trouble locking in place and would let you down at the worst times .
 One of the lenses does not snap . -LRB- I am not the most dexterous guy , but not the klutz either -RRB- . After careful inspection I discovered that left and right lenses are slightly different in size and that the right side of the frame is a little more flexible than the left one.It seems that outsourcing from France to China did not help company 's bottom line in my case . I returned the product .2 stars , because the lenses when they stay in place are actually helping to see the ball better .
 This bottle combines the space of a water bladder with the durability of a water bottle . It is a little bit more space efficient than the G.I. 1 quart bottle . It is very easy to clean -LRB- just empty the water out of the canteen and put the canteen down on a cloth or a carpet for a quick drying -RRB- so it is easy to manage at a campsite . HOWEVER this water bottle has many MASSIVE downsides to it . # 1 - It leaks badly . # 2 - Any scratches make the canteen look bad . # 3 - The bottle has a horrid design which makes it difficult to hold and store . I would not recommend this for any person or any sports . I would have rated this 0.1 / 10 but there is not an option for that on this website .
 The tiny switch selector 110/220 v placed directly on the plug has caused me to full up my house with smoke , after I heard a big bang ... There is no notice about this selector in the product manual , so if you will not see this selector , you will end blownig up the charger , as I did . Watch out !
 The presence of a 110/220 Volt selector switch is not obvious . The transformer promptly blew up when plugged into 220V while traveling in Europe .
 Do n't last more than other brand like energizer or duracell , and they have less capacity -LRB- 2500 and 2650 mah -RRB- , and/or deliver less current -LRB- amp -RRB- .
 My son has worn the socks only one time and one pair already has a hole . We expected better quality from UA .
 Functional , lighter-weight climber ; assembly was hindered by poorly illustrated instructions and poor quality control -LRB- holes not lining up , difficulty passing cables thru tubes because of excess burrs inside tubes -RRB- . Construction is adequate but far from confidence inspiring . I really wish I had spent an extra fifty bucks and gotten a better stand .
 I am very disappointed in the T-Shirt that I received . Not only does it have small flaws but it is NOT the T-Shirt that is pictured on the web site . I will NOT be ordering anything else from this vendor .
 We have purchased Russell Athletic tshirts in the past and they were very true to size . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' and this `` tall '' size is at least 4 '' -6 '' short in the length compared to Reebok , Nautica and Cutter & Buck . Such a disappointment . I even washed them in cold water . I will say that the quality of the material of the shirt is good but does me no good if he wo n't wear them . Will NEVER buy these again !
 I bought these shirts because i have a hard time finding good shirts for tall people -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' 270lbs -RRB- . These shirts all shrank up in just a couple of washed the carhartt tall shirts have been far superior to these and so I will not be buying any more of these shirts .
 Disappointing ! This t-shirt shrank about five -LRB- ! -RRB- inches in the length even though I followed laundering directions on the label .
 I order 2 extra long shirts to try . I ordered 1 red 1 grey . When the package came the first thing noticed was the red shirt was in a smaller bag size than the grey shirt . Upon opening , the grey shirt had cardboard that the sirt was wrapped around . The red shirt had no cardboard that the shirt was wrapped around . The grey shirt had no size tag on the back of the neck for the size just a stamp and made in Pakistan . The red shirt had tag with the size Russel brand and made in Pakistan . I put the grey shirt on , it on and it was very good in size and length . Loose fitting all around and nice and log . I then tried the red shirt , it was tight fitting , almost choking me around the neck and clearly shorter in length than the grey shirt that came in the same package . I placed both out on the bed and the red shirt was around 2 inches shorter in width 3 inches shorter in length and the neckline was an inch shorter and the sleeves were not as wide.Maybe they shipped me a returned shirt that was washed and shrunk ? Who knows but a 2XT with 2 different packaging , tags and sizes is not acceptable quality imho . I will be returning both shirts .
 Quality not very good . My expectations for a Russell Athletic product were not met . To me , the material was of a very low grade .
 this shirt started out at 34 '' length after wash and dried on low heat it was 32 '' inches long so cant where it which is bad new because it cost a lot more than the others i bought of other brands , i would recommend no one over 6.0 to 6.2 buy this i am 6.7 and it is way to short unless you like showing you back off and if that 's the case save the money and do n't wear a shirt
 For years I have loved Russell Athletic products -LRB- I have one shirt that I have worn at least 500 times and it still looks new -RRB- , but then my local Academy stopped carrying them . Although I prefer to buy locally , I had no choice and so ordered from Amazon . One of the shirts I bought came out of its third laundry cycle with the sleeve seams split in several places . Not what I had expected !
 The first time my son wore this shirt the length was great , as soon as I washed and dried -LRB- on low -RRB- the shirt shrunk . Do not wash , this shirt will shrink drastically . At least 3 inches .
 I ordered 3 of these and they were not only on the small side , they also had significant size differences between supposedly equal sized shirts ... Someone slip some irregulars into this batch ?
 The packaging had dead insects in it , and in one of the 3 shirts there was a hole in it , near the collar . Whether it was a sewing mistake or insect munching , I do n't know .
 At first I was thrilled that I finally found a 2XT Tee Shirt that was actually cut for a tall person and not a fatty.The material also had a nice thickness to it , which has become a problem with many garments of late.After some inspection , I realized that the construction of one of the shirts was so far off that I had to go back to see if I ordered a blemish or factory second.If you pay $ 30.00 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- for a Tee Shirt , you should n't expect such an awful job . One of the side seams is fine , but the other starts at the armpit and then takes a sharp turn , ending close to the middle of the back . Not only does this look ridiculous , but I feel the pulling from this terribly made shirt.The packaging said that this shirt was made in Pakistan , which might be the reason for this reject of a shirt.Shirt companies were having shirts made in Mexico and Honduras , which was a slight decline from what is made in the US , but this is just unacceptable.What is next , $ 40.00 for a Tee Shirt made in Madagascar ?????
 I picked up one of these for our bedroom for twenty five -LRB- with a discount coupon -RRB- . It 's great looking radio with good reception and above average sound quality . It 's also very easy to use and the built-in rechargable battery is a smart feature . Unfortunately , it has one critical flaw . The display is so bright that it 's practically unusable at night time in a dark bedroom . Even in the dimmed state it lights up half the room . In addition , when the battery is charging , an extremely bright blue LED light -LRB- ever more overused in electronics these days -RRB- next to the power button keeps flashing until charging is complete . Unless you sleep in a very bright room -LRB- next to a street light -RRB- and have many night lights in your room , I would not recommend this radio . Perhaps a future R3 will replace the LED with an ambient light sensor to automatically adjust brightness . For the price I paid , I decided to keep it and use it in the garage .
 To even call the Teac R2 AM/FM a radio is to do a disservice to real radios . It may look like a radio but in reality it 's designed to best serve its owner more as an overpriced paperweight . Its AM reception was consistently somewhere between feeble and non-existent ... do not buy a Teac R2 radio if you want to listen to a station that has a broadcast tower more than two miles from where you live . It will not pick up any AM signal any further away than that . Moreover , what others have said about the `` flashlight '' like qualities of it 's display module are also true . After nine months of trying make a go of it with this POS -LRB- which would n't even work properly when I added a Select-A-Tenna AM antenna to help it out -RRB- I 've given up and gone to a C Crane CCRadioPlus .
 Got this on sale from a local store for a lot less than the prices listed here . Have been very satisfied with the sound quality and it 's reception , although the station that I listen to is very local . I agree that the brightness of the dial is annoying and I had to put some black tape over the LED so that it would n't bother me . The big disappointment is that the battery pack has now died and even though I never planned on using it without power , it will now not work at all . I presume that since the battery pack is now dead that it wo n't pass the power on through to the radio even though it is plugged into AC power . I have n't yet spoken to TEAC to find out how much a replacement battery pack is . Having the battery pack is a nice feature , but it should work even without a battery pack installed .
 This radio was a disappointment . The radio was bought by an elderly woman who ca n't manage `` newfangled '' radios with multiple functions , etc. . This satisfies that requirement but it fails in other ways . For instance , the tuning dial does not display what station is being played . It is purely hit and miss . Once you find a station you like , you 'd better just leave it there - little hope of ever finding it again . Also , we had trouble finding stations that would come in properly without a lot of static . Once the radio is tuned in , it does not stay that way . Occasional tweaking of the dial is necessary . Also , this was advertised as a clock/radio . There is no clock , unless you can call the timer function -LRB- totally useless ! -RRB- a `` clock . '' This radio is a big disappointment and if the original box had not been thrown away , this radio would have been returned .
 My battery pack would not charge , strait out of the new box . The phone number led only to confution .
 The construction of the leg hole is sub standard . The edge is too thick and cuts into the thigh . Would not use it .
 The leg holes on these are ridiculously tight . I 'm a fairly fit runner with not abnormally sized legs and these are so restrictive as to be painful . And they look like granny panties . Speedo used to make a square leg suit that fit well , but they must have discontinued it.Really , unless you are emaciated , your legs will not fit in the leg holes .
 Just sent the black model of this suit back . The dye is not set and will wash out every time it gets wet . This suit fits well but not made for the water . Buy the navy one , no problems with it yet . After 3 months it turned brown . Have not found a speedo that is color fast in water !
 We returned this item as the legs were so small . It was well made but the banding around the legs were to tight and small . If you order this order a size larger .
 The suit lost color in about four or five months , The fabric is good , the suit has kept its for . But it just turned from black to brown , a sort of copper look . I am shopping for a Lycra one .
 After the first time I used , next day I observed a stain at the white Stripe ! I hate this product
 Terrible quality . Faded and lost all shape within 2 month of daily use . Worst suit I have purchased in a long time .
 This swim suit was navy blue , just a couple times in the pool and the color started to turn brown ! The piping sewn around the leg holes stayed blue but not the rest of the suit . I have suits from other manufacturers used in the same pool with no color shifts . I am very disappointed with this item especially from a company that is suppose to be top of the line . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 Bad cut - at least for my body type . Very high-riding . Came up almost to my navel ! Nice try tough , with the sqaure-ish cut and stripes . Looked promising . Legs are , indeed , tight as many reviewers point out . But the waist was maybe just a touch small to size . Sent back .
 I wear 32-34 , but the medium size almost suffocated my thighs ! I had to return these . I noticed the Gary Majdell shorts have a better style , so I re-ordered those instead .
 I got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . I have to buy another one I got so sick of this ugly shape and hard nylon material . The opening on the legs cuts in to your legs almost stopping blood flow ! There is no way to adjust this , it 's not elastic either but something hard and set and feels extremely uncomfortable . Generally , it 's badly cut , badly designed , ugly and shapeless on the body , it sits on your like some kind of plastic bag you pulled over your privates . Avoid this like a plague .
 First & Last one I tried would n't lock in position worth a darn.Called ATI & got a BS answer , sent it back for refund.Unless they have fixed it , do n't buy it , get a Choate or Butler Creek , or the ATI 6 pos . folder .
 This is a great style of Martial Art with many , many techniques and options but this DVD is really a SHORT introduction with really only two key techniques shared here and one exercise of value.There is simply not enough here to recommend this purchase . I 'll keep because it 's more of a hassle to return and easier to share or give away to a friend .
 I never imagined it was going to be 25 lbs for the PAIR ... I thought I was getting 2 - 25 lbs dumbbells ! This is very deceiving and I am very disappointed .
 this is my first disappointment with amazon.it now will force me to check prices before i order anything again from amazon.this item is $ 20.00 cheaper at target and is not even on sale . beware - amazon apparently does not check prices from other places .
 I purchased this item for my son a few years ago for Christmas . After a few months , one set broke and if you rotated your wrist too far left or right , the individual weights would fall off onto the ground . They are useless . It 's worth it to just purchase regular hand weights if you are so inclined . I would not recommend this product or this brand at all . I knew I was not purchasing top of the line equipment but for $ 50 , I expected a better product .
 Mine broke after just 2 months of use , exactly today and I am very careful with my stuff usually ; a small piece from one of the weight actually fell after a few seconds after I open the package , I ignore it , I did n't wan na make a big deal out of it but ... still . I would have paid a little more for a better quality product but because I 'm an Amazon customer for years I trust them ; next time I 'll be more careful.Don ' t recommend this product , seriously !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 Bought 2 of these . One did n't work . Sent it back . The replacement one did n't work , so I sent that one back . The second replacement one had a dent in the area of the motor , but was n't about to care at that point . 3 months later that motor does n't work . Rarely used , so not sure why the motor is not working . The one we got that works is fun , but I feel ripped off for the other scooter .
 This product is NOT RECOMMENDED . The battery and charger did not work properly the moment I got it . Technical support replaced both of them within the warranty period ... and the replacements also did not work ! It looks cool , and is fun to use , for about 5-7 minutes that the unit actually worked ! It is also very time-consuming to remove all the screws and the deck to actually change the motor or see what 's going on . This electric vehicle should be built with TWO battery packs for an adult to actually use it , and needs a re-design to make it far easier to get to the battery pack and motor and other parts . It seems very strange that the other reviewers here could possibly praise this toy-like scooter .
 Arrived as promised , one works , one does not and it is too expensive to send back .
 everybody is asking me about that scooter trx I ca n't refer anyone to buy that scooter the sale me a defective scooter , some finding very cool and asked where to buy I do n't nothing .
 I have a pair of these that got broken ; I loved them . I 'd give these a 5 Star rating but the frames are a glitter black - I feel fabulous wearing them !
 You can buy better sunglasses at Walmart for $ 10 . Bought from Sunglasses Giant who said the glasses retailed for $ 98.00 -LRB- what a joke -RRB- . Will never buy from Sunglasses Giant again . Misleading website .
 My friend bought a pair of these skates for me her and her little sister . They are not comfortable at all !! My friend and her sister have to wear 2 pairs of socks with there skatings because the bottom of the skates hurts your foot and I ca n't wear mine at all . They fit good as far as length but they are very narrow and I have had these skates now for 2 years and nothing has changed i go skating twice a week and I have to get the skating rink used skates because mine hurt my feet . This was not a good buy .
 I purchased this sack to compress my clothes on a trip and it tore on the top seam , the first time I used it . I sent it back to amazon , they sent me another one , and the second one tore in the same place . I liked size and idea of it , but the seam on the top lip is a poor design .
 I bought this stuff sack to match my wonderful Slumberjack sleeping bag . As soon as I put my bag in the sack and began to tighten the straps , one of the buckles snapped off . About a week later , another one broke , forcing me to tie two of the straps as tight as possible . I do n't know if this is an isolated incident , but I do n't recommend tightening the straps all the way unless you want to lose a buckle or two .
 FOR CHRISTMAS I RECIEVED A JOHN DALY 500CC DRIVER . I COULD N'T WAIT TO TRY IT OUT . SO FINALLY ONE 50 DEGREE DAY IN MARCH I TOOK IT TO THE DRIVING RANGE . AFTER A DOZEN GOLF BALLS THE CLUB 'S FACE BENT INTO THE DRIVER . I HAVE A CHEAP 15 DOLLAR K-MART DRIVER THAT I USED FOR TWO YEARS NOW AND IS STILL IN MINT SHAPE . JOHN DALY DOES NOT USE HIS CLUB ON THE TOUR BECAUSE HE WILL LOOK LIKE A FOOL AFTER HIS CLUB BREAKS IN FRONT OF MILLIONS OF FANS .
 I have heard all these good things about this holster but I could not get it to let go of my 1911 . one out of 3 tries , now I have been useing handguns for the last 40 years and carried/comp/military for 32 yrs . I have used the Safriland SSIII duty holser before and no problem . no go on this thing . I tried a ITAC no problem , on a 1911 and a friends sig 250 . So dumped it -LRB- got money back -RRB- and went ITAC now just got ta get a belt loop back for it ... they dont make it so just have to impro ...
 This product does not work with a Taurus 1911 w/rail . I am asked to rate this product but can not , a no rating is appropriate because the product is unusable for the handgun it was purchased for . The one star is the only way to submit this comment .
 Very flimsy , tried to back off the screw and it broke in my hand , if I could give this product &#34; O &#34; stars I would ! Spend more get a better product !
 The item was ordered on December 18th with a delivery date of the 22nd the item has been in `` preparing for shipment '' mode so I have not been able to cancel the order since the 23rd . It is now Jan. 1st 2011 and I have not received either the product or an explanation as to why the order was never sent . The Storage Store lacks any sense of customer service or integrity I will never order a product from them again and suggest Amazon takes some responsibility for the stores they allow to use as a place to do business !!
 great product ! like it because i do n't have to hold it -LRB- it has a stand -RRB- and the magnification allows me to see most things that i need to .
 Ok , to put it short , It falls over , just made really cheaply !! too big too !! takes up a ton of room . . just do n't like it at all , even the light is dim , but mostly it falls over !!
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 I ordered this compression sack to hold my tent while backpacking . The sack looked fine when I removed it from the packaging ; however , while packing it for the first time the fabric tore on the seam that joins the bag with the drawstring closure . I was applying only a little downward pressure while / stuffing / the sack . The bag is still somewhat usable , but looks terrible due to the huge tear , and ca n't be trusted to resist water or other stresses.I 've used stuff sacks from Granite Gear and found their craftsmanship to be much better . I strongly recommend against anyone buying this or any other stuff sack from Slumberjack .
 My husband and I bought two of these bags . Each of them ripped at the seam around the top of the bag before we even got a chance to use them . One ripped while being compressed for the first time . The other ripped while I was holding the edge of the bag and placing items inside . I was barely putting pressure on it , and it tore like paper . This product is poorly made and not capable of performing the advertised function .
 This sack is seriously a disgrace to all the sack factories that have ever run off the labor of little children . Upon the first use , one of the seams that makes up the integral structure of the sack tore , rendering all twenty-three dollars and four cents of it completely useless . If you are planning to buy a sack , I would strongly discourage anyone from buying any compression sack made by slumberjack and go with a better brand like OR.If you are a vendor who currently carries this product , shame on you . You ought to know better than to sell filth such as this to the innocent travelling and camping starry-eyed newcomers . May your children be cursed with sacks that also tear.May God have mercy on you .
 Low quality material . Just Cotton.Bought an S-Size and it 's way too big.After 1st wash , reebok logo disappeared and Colts word is vanishing.By far my most regretful buying experience in Amazon .
 I was so happy that Coleman had reintroduced this cooler to their catalogue ... emphasis on was . The latch is poor , is NOT stainless steel , and rusts if caught in the rain . The hinges are sub-par at best . After only a couple of outings and NORMAL wear and tear , the hinges started to pull from the insulation . Essentially they are attached directly to the ss with mere , short sheet metal screws - a piano-hinge design would be much better . Lastly , `` 3 days at temperatures ranging from 90-100F and the ice stays intact '' my cat 's hairball !!! Location
 This Stuff sack is really too small for our sleeping bag and it takes a man 's strength to get it in . I could have used more guidance in order to choose the correct size of sack for my sleeping bags .
 My local skate shop recommended these wheels for cruising , but , unfortunately , they 're very slow , even with new brand new bearings . For sidewalk cruising , I much prefer my 68mm Powell cruising bombers -LRB- 86a -RRB- . Maybe I 'm not used to riding wheels this soft , but the Bombers are much faster , and still very grippy and smooth .
 The jacket seems to show buttons in the picture and it has snaps the color of the sleeves is darker the logo seems to be much bigger on the real product.the picture is a much better looking jacket than the real Macoy ... sending back
 Low quality material . Just Cotton.Bought an S-Size and it 's way too big.After 1st wash , reebok logo disappeared and Colts word is vanishing.By far my most regretful buying experience in Amazon .
 These are decent exercises that seem to raise my metabolism , but for $ 60 and 6 discs that contain 6 workouts each , I was expecting to get 36 individual/unique workouts . Instead you get 12 unique workouts and 24 repeats . That 's entirely too much money for what you actually receive . The extra content was really just a few thin pamphlets that provided a brief overview of this program and some basic eating and supplementation tips , but nothing you ca n't find for free on his site and others . I just feel that the company was not being completely honest about what you actually receive for $ 60 . This set should be priced at no more than $ 20 and really only needs to include the first and last discs , which would have the added bonus of letting them put it in much better packaging .
 After ordering this product on the 12th of November and paying for expedited shipping , I received my confirmation that I should receive the product by the 26th of November -LRB- not expedited , in my opinion , but oh well . -RRB- After waiting and waiting , the 26th rolled around and the product still had n't arrived . I did as Amazon suggested and contacted the seller . They responded on the 28th and told me they apologized and would send another copy out immediately via expedited shipping . They also issued me a refund for the shipping . I thanked them and awaited the newly shipped product . In early December , when the product still had n't arrived , I asked for a tracking number . I was responded to and told that they would get back to me when they got to the office on Monday . Since then , I have sent three emails to them - two to the email address they originally responded to and one to the &#34; seller &#34; through Amazon . I have received nothing but radio silence and still no product . I 'm hopeful that it will still arrive , but for the moment , I am extremely unhappy with the purchase , as well as the most recent customer service.That said , I have given them 2 stars because I actually do like the program somewhat . I used a friend 's version while on vacation and that is what prompted me to order . If I would have known the hassle this has been , I would have just passed on the product altogether .
 I ordered Dr. Sears e-book a ton of years ago and have followed the exercise recommendations ... they are great . I was excited to see this whole system launched and ordered it from the pace express website not realizing it was offered through Amazon . I am still waiting for them to ship it . My first email inquiry went un-answered and my second email got a response from customer service saying they were still waiting for product from the manufacturer but would mark my inquiry and order urgent . Who cares !? If you do n't have product something should go up on the site saying there has been a delay . Instead it still says your order will be processed in two or three business days and you should get it in 10 business days . What a crock ! This might be a great product but how would I know ?
 The bolt that came with the hanger was not the same as the one seen in the picture . The one I received was only 1.5 '' and not 3 '' . Not long enough when you have a 4 '' I-beam . If they would have sent the same bolt in the picture then 4.5 x 3 x 3.5 would be accurate .
 The description says it will work on I beams that 31/2 to 51/2 . Mine is 31/2 , that 's why I bought this particular model . It shipped in a timely fashion , arrived in good condition . But , 41/2 is as small as it will go . I called Combat Brands . Tammy there was incredibly friendly . After emailing her a picture of the clamp , she went round and round with her folks ... only to be told that the description is incorrect . I can put a block of wood in it to modify !! Uggg ! I 'm told they will issue a credit , we 'll see how long that takes ... and if it includes shipping . I 'll post back when/if the credit is received .
 The battery is officially -LRB- nor easily -RRB- replaceable by the user . This makes this product unacceptable to me . The computer head unit -LRB- CS200 -RRB- does not indicate when the battery on the sensor unit is low .
 I have a 56cm Cervelo RS carbon frame . The only way I can get the receiver to pick up the signal from this sensor is to hold the receiver at my water bottle . Not the most helpful way to ride your bike . I tried 2 of these thinking the sensor internal battery was dead . But to no luck . Both sensors would not send a single further than half the documented distance . I have a wireless Garmin Forerunner and cadence sensor on a different carbon frame and it works just fine . Do n't waste your time or money on the Polar ! What more is there to say ?
 This is a completely useless item , unless you like buying shiny things that cost about $ 25 but have no other use beyond aesthetics . I wasted ten rounds being confused because the bore-sighter was completely off in the horizontal and vertical directions . Once I got sighted in I checked again and the dot was appearing barely within the field of view , as opposed to dead center left to right and perhaps a little low . Do n't buy this .
 it dosent line up in the bore like my other bore sights . so i think your should look else where !!!!!!
 Order arrived in timely fashion . When I opened box , the # 6 iron was missing . I emailed Amazon immediately and , 24 hours later , have not had the courtesy of a reply . What good is email if the company is going to ignore it ?
 In general , fluorocarbon lines have weak knot strength and Field & Stream 's objective testing showed that Vanish has the weakest knot strength of them all , losing on average 25 % of its rated stength with the simple Palomar teminal tackle knot . Lots of folks use alternative knots
 I bought some 10-lb test Berkley Vanish a few weeks ago , and re-spooled both my spinning reels with it . I bought it mostly because I liked what I had read about fluorocarbon being less visible to fish underwater . I fish in a clearwater lake , and the fish can be pretty discriminatory when it comes to deciding what to eat , so I did n't want them seeing my line . Anyway , I caught some fish , so I 'm not giving the line a 1-star rating , but , in the end , Berkley Vanish can only muster 2-stars . Cons
 These plastic trays are not built to spec 's that they say . You can insert one more chip in each row , the plastic is not of the best quality.I would not recommend to anyone .
 I ordered and received these racks in a very timely manner . However , when I went try them out , they only held 19 chips per row , not 20 . Other reviewers commented that they could hold up to 21 , but mine could not . I thought I had 11.5 gram chips , so not sure why they wo n't fit . Had to return them as it would n't work for poker night only holding 19 chips per row . Return process was very easy .
 I was able to fit 105 chips -LRB- 5 rows of 21 -RRB- into the racks . I do n't know if it 's because my WalMart chips might be smaller than the 14 gram chips I just purchased -LRB- from another company -RRB- . If my new chips fit the racks perfectly I will delete this review .
 I play racquetball twice per week every week . I have regularly used Ektelon Max Tak and Ektelon O3 gloves , and with the exception of one poorly cut glove that chafed my hand , I really like both models . The last time I needed a new glove , both of those were out of stock , so I thought I would try this Controller II , on the theory that although it would n't last as long , it was cheaper so I could just buy them more frequently and have a new glove more often for the same total cost.Wrong . The Max Tak and the O3 gloves generally give me about 3 months of play before the palms start to become stiff and shrunken , and another 3 months of good use before they need replacing . This glove is stiff and shrunken after 2 weeks ! That 's 1/6th as long . The other two also have a much stickier grip . Do yourself a favor , spend the extra $ 4-5 and get yourself a much better `` deal . ''
 The seam along the index finger of this glove blew out after 3 sessions in the court . It 's a shame , because otherwise it seems like a great glove . Cool retro look .
 This racquetball glove did not last longer than a few weeks of pickleball playing . The tips of several fingers wore through even though it had a heavy feel to it . I would have ordered an extra large version it been offered .
 I could not get the product to stay on . It would turn off before you finished sighting in . The on/off mechanism is really unreliable . When you could get it to work the beam was not really strong enough for any significant distance in daylight . My summary
 I am amazed that this is about the only tool to do this job . If you want something better than pressed steel that only sort of works well it seems you are out of luck . You can get by with this tool but you will sometimes need something that gets a better grip or presents a better surface to hold onto . Keeping chainrings tight is important and you might think there was a better -LRB- bigger , stronger , better grip on `` nut '' -RRB- tool available .
 I have had one of these watches for quite a while and I had noticed the scratches on the lens as well as some on the bezel . But , I was n't concerned with that . I buy stuff that I expect to work hard and stand up to my abuse so I spend more than I need to so that I will get handle it . All in all , I thought it was a nice watch that worked great and got noticed.The problem is that this watch is water `` resistant '' not water proof . If you notice that little bit of word play there you will understand my annoyance . I have used this watch many , many times while diving and had thought that it was A-OK for SCUBA . Especially after I had it down to 125Ft off Guantanamo bay and it came through with flying colors . So , this last weekend , while diving Catalina Island , I noticed that the lens was fogged . When I realized that it was fogged on the inside I just laughed . But , when I noticed that it had been 2:10 for quite a while I was aggravated . I had not had the watch below 60 ' which is n't even close to 600 ' that is advertised by the manufacturer . Water temperature was 59Degrees and I am not sure if that was a factor.All , in all , I would say it 's a good watch but I really feel cheated by Citizen 's false advertising .
 It showed up today . Was over half charged when I took it out of the box , so I could have started using it as soon as I put it on . Tried the chronograph as soon as I took it out of the box . The start button required a hard press and made a click sound when pressed but no movement from the chronograph . The other chronograph button had a soft , easy to press button . Neither did anything . Checked the CD instructions which came with it and , had it worked , something should have moved . The look was ok . I expected the two inner links on the band to have a bit more of a shine like other Citizen watches I saw in the store but the whole band had a matte finish . One thing that did surprise me is the dial window does not sit flush with the case . I expected it to be flush or just about flush with the case . On this watch , it sits a little more then the tip of my ball point pen higher then the edge of the case . Something to be aware of if you are looking at using this as an every day watch and might bump into anything .
 It does n't work . period ... . I even asked for a refund and customer service said it would send a return envelope . lol They did n't even send one . And by the time i asked about it again , they said it was beyond the contract time for refunds . geeeeeze ... sleazzzzzzzzy wow .
 The grip is comfortable to the hands and palms once it is attached ... There is NOT enough reinforcement in and around where the screw fits through the grip into the handle and attaches to the gun its 's self , what happens is that the screw head opens up the hole that is milled into the grip for the screw to pass through and there is NOTHING for the screw head to hold it to the actual gun body . VERY poor design in my opinion , there should have been some type of reinforcement to allow the pressure of the backside of the screw to actually hold the grip to the gun frame . I have not shot it yet , but my fear is the grip will come loose and actually come off the gun . STAY AWAY from this grip !!! Sincerely , David B
 The bolt hole in the grips was in the back but was on the side on the pistol so it did n't fit at all . I am in the process of returning it .
 These grips detract from the overall look and feel of a classic firearm . They are just cheap rubber grips nothing special like Hogue grips . Plus the screw tends to go right thru the retaining hole and the grips are n't very secure . I prefer the original grips to these with a slip on grip at most .
