 Beautiful hand made Italian skinner from Falcon in Italy . If you like traditional style and craftsmanship , you will love this knife . A best buy !
 My bars are oddly shaped so the mount tie wo n't stay put . I want to attach the mount to my stem , but it does n't have that capability , unless you want to read the readout sideways .
 I got this product for camping and hiking , but now I wear it around town too ! It is my favorite new `` toy '' . My boyfriend got one too and he now uses it as a man-purse . I ca n't detach him from it ! We love our camelbaks .
 this is a great entry level camelback but the mouthpiece is already suffering from use after only a few weeks of hiking around
 My dad and I bought these packs to take on long jogging trips during the hot summer days when hydration can be an issue . I was skeptical of using it because I figured it would bounce around and be more of an annoyance than a help , but I was so wrong . It kept my water cool -LRB- except for the little bit that stays in the tube -RRB- , had absolutely no plastic taste to it , and it did n't move around at all !!! With a water bottle , I would have to carry it in one hand or the other and stop when I needed to drink so I would n't dump water all over me . With this camelpak I was able to keep running while drinking from the water tube.This is an amazing design . Easy to fill , easy to use , easy to empty . GREAT BUY !!! VERY HIGHLY SUGGESTED !!!
 i can ride 10times as far now , thanks to this thing , its great , def recommend it .
 I 've owned quite few hydration systems over the years . Recently , I purchased this Camelbak Hydrobak hydration pack from Amazon and started using it . Compared to my old hydration systems -LRB- original Camelbak and Blackburn -RRB- , this one is light years ahead . The original Camelbak systems had a fairly small opening which made it very difficult to put larger ice cubes into the reservoir not to mention cleaning the inside . Additionally , the closure caps for the reservoir were held in place with friction.The current systems have openings large enough for me to put my fist through which makes filling the reservoir with ice cubes and cleaning the systems very easy . Additionally , the reservoir cap now screws on securely , so it 's unlikely to pop open even if you land on your back after flipping over the handlebars.I recently found my old Camelbak Hydrobak from 7-8 year ago . It still works great except for a leaky bite valve . However , compared to this current Hydrobak , the old one feels like a flimsy throwaway pack.Overall , this is a great hydration system for shorter trips . It holds the equivalent of about 2 to 2 1/2 water bottles so do n't expect an full day 's worth of hydration . There 's also just enough room to hold your keys and a few energy bars . No need to buy and carry a larger and heavier hydration system if your main needs are 1-2 hour excursions .
 The CamelBak 50oz is great - and it was all of 30 bucks . I 'm currently deployed in Iraq , and I wanted a smaller water system I could run with . I like it a lot . I disagree with the other review I saw for this product . The `` taste '' is fine . You do need to wash it before the first use -LRB- as instructed -RRB- . As for routing of the drinking tube being an issue -LRB- also in another other review -RRB- - to each his own ! Everyone is different . You need to experiment . I routed the tube thru the flat strap , and then looped it back up and snapped it in the clip . I can drink while I run . Rides high on the back - compact and comfortable . Make sure you purge the air before strapping it on to prevent a lot bouncing of the water - turn the pack upside down , open the drinking slit , and press on the pack until the air is out and water is flowing . I have bought and been issued several CamelBaks over the years - they 've gotten much better in design ! One thing I have figured out
 perfect companion to my new bike . i use it almost daily and love it . easy to use , easy to clean , plus it has a pocket just big enough to hold your phone or keys while you ride .
 I fill mine with water and ice and begin my trip . I find that I drink two to three times the water when I am wearing Camelpak due to the easy access of the water . In addition to this I find the water does me more good due to the fact that I am not gulping it or spilling it on the front of me when I hiking or riding . I admit the water is not all that appealing if you do not rinse out the pack and tube a few times or forget to let it dry properly , but so does any water storage device . Rinse it , keep it clean , and dry it properly it properly inbetween uses -LRB- The drying rack helps -RRB- and you should not have any problems . Oh I like cold water that is why I use ice . Warm water tastes bad to me .
 This is a great hydration pack for rides of a couple of hours or less . It keeps the water nice and cold , and the 50 oz . pack is light enough to not bother me while riding . Highly recommended !
 This is great for exercising -- I use it for trail running , but could easily be used for other activities like biking , hiking , etc.It does not hold a lot of water - maybe a large glass or two tops , but for limited excursions/runs , it is perfect . Pocket will hold your keys and a cell phone , not much more . But then again , you are likely to be on a run so what more do you need to carry ? It fits comfortably on my back without any rubbing/chaffing -- these are 1 hr + trail runs , if you run longer than a few hours , it may . The tube can be positioned right near your mouth for easy access due to the smartly placed clip on the shoulder strap.The actual bladder has the large opening so that ice may be added to make your water super cold if you wanted . It 's nothing like the larger ones made for military use , but this does what I wanted it to .
 This little hydration pack is perfect for biking , short runs , and hiking if you are n't going far . The gear pocket is very small and can only hold keys , money and a cell phone , but if that is all you need to hold it is great . The water bladder is good for short trips especially if you are a not big water drinker .
 I very satisfied with this product , is comfortable , easily to drink from the mouthpiece , no plastic flavor like others ones , always keep a good temperature of the liquid into the bag . For a short trips -LRB- 50 miles o less -RRB- this is a great product .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Perhaps it is just my body type , but I have found the suit quite comfortable -LRB- compared to my other suits -RRB- . I did a few ocean diving trips with it , as well as a lot of use at the lake cabin , and it looks to be holding up very well as well . I have a few snags on the fabric from velcro , but that is about it .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I ordered this racquet for my son 's birthday and he was absolutely beyond THRILLED with it ! He was amazed at how LIGHTWEIGHT it is and could n't wait to use it the next day . He exceeded all his expectations . You would have thought I 'd given him a new Cadillac or something , so of course , I 'd recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great racquet .
 Excelent item and good services ! on time . Todo salio muy bien , el producto lo utilizo y es de lo mejor que ofrece e-force . Felicito al proveedor . Saludos .
 I do n't have this specific racquet , but rather a cheaper version of it that 's much heavier with the same long-string technology . Being a lighter version of what I already have I could probably speculate how this racquet would function.What you need to understand about this racquet is that maximum power is developed right next to the handle near the wishbone , meaning that this racquet is more suited towards a whipping motion in which the ball is hit out in front of the body near the hand . This being said , the racquetball player can generate power mostly with his/her upper body rather than solely through the arm itself shifting the stress and preserving the arm . -LRB- Very similar in pitching where the thrower used his full body rotation to protect his arm -RRB- With this play style of hitting in front of your body even if someone tries to jam a ball directly at you there 's a good chance you can counter with a gator-arm style swing -LRB- where the swinger pulls his arms in right next to his hips or stomach -RRB- and still generate a lot of power at the base of the handle with little effort making it easier to change the ball 's direction at a moments notice . -LRB- Suitable for players who specialize in counter kill-shot forecourt play -RRB- Since it can be said that this racquet is more suited to a gator-armed whipping style of swing , it can also be concluded that this is more suited towards a Lefty , or someone who swings with their left arm . For some reason or another lefties find it more natural to do a gator arm swing than a righty -LRB- Something about which side the liver is on when the player swings ... also stems from baseball -RRB- . If you happen to be a lefty with this specific style of swing , or are looking to develop this style of swing , then I highly recommend this racquet for you.People who try to generate power through the middle of the racquet screen with this one will probably find their power dramatically reduced since the sweet spot has been shifted lower . __________ Also since this racquet has had a reduction in weight , one would assume that you must give up a bit of frame durability to achieve this ; Meaning that if you slam your racquet against the wall or ground as you swing for a hard to reach ball , it will most likely crack the frame . The frame wo n't crack itself.If you 're more aware of the exact distance of your reach with a racquet and can minimize the impact with the wall , then it probably wo n't `` crack itself '' . Some people choose to bang the wall as hard as they can just to hit the ball rather than accurately gauging their reach in a swing which is a more skillful approach . Really do n't understand why people are surprised that lightweight equipment breaks after they bang the crap out of it .
 very pleased with the new rack , assembled and mounted the rack in very little time and was able to mount 2 adult and 2 childrens bikes with no problems . Rack seems solid and easy to use .
 We just took our bell bike rack on a 9 hour trip and the bikes did great ! We did tie them up with a few bungee cords so they would n't rattle around on the highway . The bike rack did fine with 2 adult bikes each with a baby seat and another child 's bike .
 I have been carrying two new very nice `` bike shop '' 26 '' Comfort bicycles since Christmas 2007 , and two little kids bikes with my Bell HitchBiker . It takes some creative positioning to mount the kids bikes.It is rock solid ! It 's mounted in my SUV 's 2 `` x2 '' receiver.If you properly use the included tapered hitch pin , it becomes one with the hitch . No rattling , no play , no side to side movement . Other reviewers must have used their own standard hitch pin.I normally use additional bungie cords with ANY brand of bike rack . So while the velcro/rubber design is weak compared to the BIG name brands , it 's not an overall issue .
 I 'm surprised to see other reviews here that are so critical of this excellent product . My guess is they were n't installed correctly or the bolts were left too loose . Mine is rock solid & does n't move even 1/4 '' from side-to-side . It 's so strong I can lift myself up on it at the end of the support bars -- I 'm 265Lbs & the rack does n't sag at all under my weight . The design allows me to pivot the rack down by simply sliding out a pull pin to easily open my SUV 's back hatch and the powder-coated finish & overall workmanship is superb . I was able to use a simple cable & padlock it to my hitch receiver to prevent its theft , allowing me to leave it attached 24/7 . At this price & with no tax or shipping it 's the best value available ! I could n't be happier !
 The rack arrived and I installed onto my 2x2 receiver hitch . I followed instructions and the rack is very tight and shows none of the sway that others have commented about . It did take some creativity to mount a full suspension bike , but I expected that complication before I ordered the rack . This rack was half the price of other racks and has all the functionality needed to carry my bikes in complete safety .
 This is a wonderful product . I can put two child and two adult bikes on here without a problem . The bolt is very easy , however you do have to do more then just slide the bolt in the hitch . In order to secure the rack you have to tighten the bolt with a wrench . The reviews that comment on how loose it is did not tighten the bolt . Once you do that -LRB- follow the instructions -RRB- it is tight and secure . After years of use one of the velcro straps snapped free from the red connecter . However , when I called the company they replaced the set free of charge . Definately reccommend !!
 to the people who have excess play . You must have a odd ball hitch . Like the other poster says there is no such thing as a 4x4 hitch ... it s 2 `` x2 '' hitch on most 4x4 's
 When mounted per instructions , this thing is solid and will hold over 100 lbs . It does not move , and seems well made . It fits 1.25 '' x 1.25 '' or 2 `` x2 '' mounts per the instructions , and bolted up to my SUV in a few minutes.Most of those complaining about loose fits seem to think they have a 4 `` x4 '' receiver -LRB- no such thing is made -RRB- so take these comments with a grain of salt .
 The box clearly states DO NOT use this rack on RV 's . So who ever leaves a bad review , needs to read the disclaimers . Nothing wrong with the rack ! I love it ! LOL
 The rack feels solid . One friend commented that he was surprised I 'd paid so little for it . I 've used it on two long trips
 Good bike rack for the money . It is a little loose in the tow hitch tho . Just used a shim and it was fine tho .
 Very happy with this purchase , and the shipping time was fantastic ! I ordered on a Monday and rec 'd the item by Wednesday , Thanks
 First time using Kenda tires and so far I have been very pleased with this tire both on pavement and basic trails . Will definitely recommend .
 Replaced 9 year old tires on my mountain bike with these . Since I do both road and trail riding I was concerned about how smooth the road experience would be . Very satisfied with the performance of these tires . I 've never used the folding bead tires before ... pretty nice .
 Exactly what I am looking for replacement . quick delievry , great packaging , good communication . This tire is very light weight with round pattern , perfect for southern California trail .
 It 's a little premature to review these seeing as I just received them today and we just got 6 inches of snow . If they are anything like the original Kozmik Lite 's they will be the fastest 2 '' wide mountain bike tire on the road . These tires with the lightest tubes you can find will be a big improvement to anyone wanting to shed some rolling weight . I use my mountain bike for a lot of road riding especially to work . These tires roll with little effort . I also use Kenda tires on my road bike and they too are super light and roll with ease and do not flat as easy as my original Specialized tires . I ca n't wait for winter to end so I can get these on the road . I 'll only update this review if I find something negative to report . But I know I wo n't . Update 3/26/2012 : I got my new rim strips -LRB- Ritchey -RRB- today and mounted the tires . Awesome . The Kozmik Lite II 's are a much larger tire than the originals . I mean significantly bigger . My mountain bike looks like a mountain bike again . But as big as they are they 're very light weight , pump to 80 lbs and roll really fast . They hum nicely -LRB- like a mountain tire should -RRB- but just roll for ever . Only took them for a short ride cuz it was getting dark and it 's only 35 degrees out . I 'm also using Kenda Super light tubes . Not the lightest tubes I 've ever used but the slightly thicker skin should hold up better .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 The poster is just a poster . It is nice quality and durable . It arrived very quickly . It definitely helps rekindle my love for the Avalanche while I 'm away at college , plus it looks good in my dorm room.This is a great buy , do n't think twice about it.GO AVS !!!
 I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend . It arrived quickly and in great condition . I could n't be happier !
 This was a beautiful jersey at a very nice discounted price . It showed up on time and was exactly what I wanted .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I have tried other weight training gloves like Valeo and Harbinger . But none of those comes close to the Altus gloves . The fit , the comfort and the styling is really good . These gloves are worth the money . Those other gloves do n't have the cushion or comfort that you get from these gloves . I would recommend these gloves to anyone who is looking to buy weight training/lifting gloves .
 I bought two of these gloves , one for myself and one for my friend . i have n't used mine yet but my friend did , he is very happy with it . I tried it on my hand though , good paddings over the palm , just difficult to remove from my hand , too tight . I wear usually medium , so I ordered medium but it seems the size is smaller .
 Late review but it 's ok.Pros
 Title says it all . I always loved Rothco hats . Word of advice though , DO NOT WASH ! -LRB- it will fall apart and fade considerabe after like 2 washes -RRB- .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 This is a great pool ! The pool is very sturdy and it works perfect as a ball pit for toddlers and small childeren . I really like the 20 '' pool wall depth because it retains splashing water and pit balls very well !
 One side does n't deflates a little over time but it only takes a second to air back up . It is very comfortable and it is nice that each side can adjusted to each person 's preference . My husband weighs almost twice my weight and other mattresses are just do n't work with the weight difference without him on the ground and my side rock hard .
 My son has wide feet and these fit him very nicely . The quality of them is superb and they are easy for him to get on and off by himself . I want a pair of my own !
 I caught six fish in 3 hours of fishing ! Including a 16lbs channel cat and some bass . Before I bought this lure , I had spent days fishing and barely got a bite , this lure is so easy it feels like cheating !
 I 've used this lure in many different colors , with the same result . Usually I combine slow and fast reeling with pauses to let the lure float to the top , simulating a `` wounded minnow '' action , or I reel slowly and let it skim across the surface , and I 've landed countless largemouths , smallmouths , even crappie and perch . An excellent piece of tackle , especially for the price .
 For some reason , fish here in Belize go nuts for the rainbow trout pattern . I have trolled this lure along with others for days , and it catches fish while nothing else is working . Go figure . Barracuda , big jacks , king and Spanish mackerel , and even a couple of nice snapper .
 every Rapala I 've used in the pass has worked , have n't tested this one yet ! , still the oneI used in past has worked well different colour but good lure bought this one for dirty water
 I 've fished the Potomac River and some of it 's feeders from Frederick County out to Washington County , Maryland for 20 some years . I use these lures in sizes 05 , 07 and 09 in about half the colors available -LRB- silver , yellow perch , baby bass , bluegill & shad -RRB- and they have to be the most consistent producers for smallmouth bass I 've ever seen . I do n't bother to take plastic worms and other shallow running crankbaits with me anymore . They 're super tough - the finish takes a beating when they get dragged over rocks and I 've yet to have one chip . Get the colors that match the kind of fish that are in whatever water you 're fishing in and you 're sure to hook up !
 When I was young , these lures sold for about 5-6 bucks . Now they are 8-9 dollars . Pretty expensive , considering they are exactly the same . Never fails to catch northern pike or bass though . This is my favorite size and color combination .
 Just got this one in the mail . It does not have the red hooks as shown but excited to use it this weekend . Ordered on 7/19 and did n't ship out until 7/23 but free shipping so ca n't really complain .
 Purchased for my husband sport collection of footballs . He was very happy with my selection and ask me to purchase more cases for him . The product was in Styrofoam well protected and did not crack or break in shipping . Would recommend it to anyone who is in need of display cases .
 This display case is very nice and it 's great with the mirrored back . Might even change out our others .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 This stick is amazing!it really has stepped up my game and ablility to stop the ball effectivley . As a senior on varsity , this is just what i needed . The scoop head also makes lifting the ball away from your opponents a breeze . The power on this stick is in the medium range , but if you already have a hard hit , this should n't be an issue . For me , my problem was n't my hit before , i had a hard hit , but it was just stoppping and lifting the ball . Before i had an STX 85/15 and my skills have definatley improved since the change .
 I 've been using it daily for 2 months on the same set of batteries . Not quite bright enough to ride by if it 's totally dark , but the cars can see it from a long way off .
 I was very happy with every aspect of their product , great descriptions , good promotions and sales , and friendly customer service . I wrote to the site to thank them - something I rarely do because I expect good service - but they went above and beyond . They wrote me back quickly thanking me for the letter and my order and telling me that every order is treated as special and they welcomed my business again.They will get it . Not only do they have a huge variety of items , many of which I am interested in , but they have fair prices , good sales , and great , friendly customer service.I am going with a rare 5 stars for this company . There is very little to complain about especially when everything went so smoothly before , during , and after the transaction .
 I love it ! , is very good material , soft , the only thing not that good about it is the video is in VHS , could be great if you change it to DVD .
 Sturdy material and perfect size to hang on your door . Reasonably priced and awesome quality !! Would definately buy fromt his company again !
 Late review but it 's ok.Pros
 Title says it all . I always loved Rothco hats . Word of advice though , DO NOT WASH ! -LRB- it will fall apart and fade considerabe after like 2 washes -RRB- .
 Wall mountable and reasonably priced were the key attributes I was searching for . This item has both and has not disappointed . Easy to install on the wall and presents the football well especially with the mirrored back plate that allows for visibilty of the back side of the ball . No problems with shipment as it arrived on time .
 This was supposed to be mounted on the wall but it did not come with any mounts . I am trying to contact the company but no information is provided . I bought Three and they came in this huge box and it will cost a fortune to return . Don '' t bother ordering if you want to mount it on the wall.They sent me the wall mounts separately once I complained
 I have gotten several comments on this football case . Makes sure signed football really stick out . I highly recommend this case for your signed football .
 I bought this to protect my boyfriend 's football signed by his favorite player . Its great because it can be mounted or not and it has the UV protection to protect the signature from damage . Thanks !!
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend . It arrived quickly and in great condition . I could n't be happier !
 This was a beautiful jersey at a very nice discounted price . It showed up on time and was exactly what I wanted .
 Overall good value for the price , but I wish the socks would have been longer and fully covered the calf .
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 We spent 2 days of consistent rain during a recent cub scout event and thisjacket kept my son dry throughout the weekend . The rain was constant but notcrazy heavy , winds were moderate -LRB- 10mph -RRB- . I would buy this jacket again .
 It was raining for days on end here in Florida and I needed a new rain jacket . I am a short woman and know I can fit into a boy 's x-large jacket . I was a little worried ordering this on line as sometimes , sizes can differ . And it fits me like a glove . It repelled the water great and it is comfy . I am very satisfied with this purchase and being a boys , it saved me some money too !
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 Actually , the Model 15706 is Right Hand draw , black , for S&W ; J-frames so ignore the picture.I also own one of the Black Widow holsters for a S&W ; 9-mm semiautomatic . Both are well made and hold the firearm snugly in . In other words , the grip does not hang outwards away from the side of your torso causing it to print against your clothing . Effective and comfortable use does -LRB- like every other on-waistband carry -RRB- require a good 2-inch belt .
 As a humane person I found this product to be the most remarkable trap . I knew I had a mouse in my garage but could n't catch him with other traps so I invested in this product . The next morning I woke up and there the little mouse was , safe and sound in the trap . He looked kinda fat because of all the peanut butter I was luring him with the other traps . It was a guilt free experience to bring him to a field and release him . After all he is not called a garage mouse he is called a field mouse . I reccomend this to all those who choose to safely trap and release . This trap is well made and does the trick .
 If you are using this to capture the common grey squirrel you should know that this trap is probably not big enough . I ended up purchasing the next size up -LRB- model # 1030 -RRB- which worked great - four stars . The box for this product -LRB- # 1025 -RRB- says `` For red and flying squirrels , weasels and chipmunks '' . That was n't clear to me when I bought it at the Amazon website .
 I bought this to try to trap a pet rat who was thought to have escaped in the basement . It was smaller than I 'd expected considering it 's supposed to be large enough for squirrels -LRB- though the box actually says RED squirrels , not gray squirrels , which is what I was assuming -RRB- . I tried it to see if it would work on one of my other pet rats before setting it for the escapee . It did work very well , and he luckily was n't hurt , but if his tail had n't been off to the side , it would have been whacked pretty good by the closing door . I 'd worry about injuring the tail of any animal rat sized or larger . If you 're looking to catch something that size , try the next size up for safety.I love Havahart traps and highly recommend them , just be sure to get the appropriate size .
 Caught 17 chipmunks and 3 other critters in about a three-four day period with this trap . It works .
 My husband was very excited to get this trap , the doors work efficiently and we caught about 15 chip munks in the first 36 hours of its use . Other models are inferior , and our local suplliers could n't come through for us .
 Placed trap in middle of rat scat trail and placed some containers along side cage to keep the rats from going around the cage . First catch in three hours . Second catch three days later . If you place it in their normal trail and make it inconvenient for them to get around you probably do n't have to bait the trap.I assume that you are buying the trap because you do n't want to kill the little critters or have a mess and/or smell to get rid of from a dead rat . If that is the case try one or more of the following : If you do n't check the trap regularly or remove them right away when caught and do n't want to kill them from dehydration place a little water in the top of an old margarine cup inside either end of the trap before you set it . You can refill it with a straw , if needed without tripping the doors . Just dip the straw in a glass of water and put your finger on one end and stick it in the cage above the lid and release your finger . Repeat as needed . You can also use an eye dropper but a straw is cheaper.If you do n't have time to move the rat for a day or two , open one door and stick the base of an old margarine tub in the open end . You can place a little food in there also . This gives the rat a place to hide and helps keep it calm while they are waiting to be released , not that they know what 's awaiting them ! Do n't forget to close the door with the latch back in place.Note
 I found this trap in my basement when my friend was telling me about her trap , so I decided to try it out . Well , 10 years in a basement that has been flooded numerous times and it is not rusty and still works perfectly ! So far I have caught a mouse , a chipmunk , and 2 squirrels . -LRB- It is n't too small for squirrels -RRB- Any bait will work , whether its plain peanut butter , a PB cracker , or an apple with peanut butter and raisins . It is metal on the top so rain wo n't damage the bait . It is very sensitive which is good . I caught a mouse that only weighed a few ounces and it still shut tight . In short , this is a very good trap for squirrels and other small yard pests .
 I bought these to trap rats , but stopped using them it I accidentally trapped a bird ! The bird was fine by the way . I ca n't verify that it actually would catch a rat , but if it 's birds you 're after ...
 I used this trap to trap a small red squirrel that was loose in my garage . Put a few peanuts toward the back of the trap and checked about an hour late and found my little trapped squirrel . Easy to set up and easy to release the trapped animal .
 It works like a charm . Make sure you are around when you set it because the squirrel will do its best to get out and you do n't want it suffering .
 Overall the trap is easy to understand but the trigger mechanism can be a bit touchy . I did get the chipmunk I was after and it kept it live and I released it easily .
 I should start by saying we are having a rat pandemic in my neighborhood . So after having no luck with disposable traps . Finding them picked clean and no dead rats . I decided to try another route . This trap took practice but worked effectively after being fine tuned . i found you do have to pay attention to were the trigger rod is placed because you can make it to strong and the trap wont spring . I have found for rats at least if you get a 2 liter bottle cap drill 2 holes in it and zip tie it to the pan fill the cap with peanut butter . this forces the rat to move the pan trying to get ALL the peanut butter . WORKS GREAT WITHPRACTICE just bought another today .
 If you have chipmunks you want to catch , this trap is excellent . However , it is too small if you want to catch squirrels . For chipmunks you really do n't have to bait it -- they will go in there in their own if you put it in the right place . Buy this item if you need to remove chipmunks , it works !
 The trap works quite well . I like the ability to have it open on both ends or one end only . Its built quite sturdy yet quite light and easy to handle . Moved 23 of these `` cute rats '' out in about one month . It took some tweaking to get it to work though . After watching how the squirrels were getting away it was pretty clear . First only open one end of the trap when setting it . Place the bait at the closed end AND most importantly place a 1 or 2 pound rock on the flap of the open end . Because of the weight of the rock its also important to set the `` trigger ' about half-way tripped . Squirrels are pretty wary and stretch out when entering the trap . They leave part of their body blocking the door from closing and locking shut . With the tweaking I hit about 95 % . If you have a squirrel problem it likely wo n't go away and trapping will only slow it down . The best bet is to have nothing for them to eat and any nests that appear should be destroyed immediately . These are extremely destructive creatures .
 I spread peanut butter on the plate and then sprinkle bird seed on it letting some bounce around . The chipmunks start eating the seeds and trip the doors closed when they reach the peanut butter . Our issue was the chipmunks raiding our birdfeeders . We place the trap along the `` chipmunk highway '' and it is successful at least 50 % of the time -LRB- vibrations and wind trip it -RRB- . They have never gotten away with just stealing the food . Now my only issue is having to drive them to their new home . Setting it is a bit tricky because of the quick release , but given how fast the chippies are , it has to be .
 this trap is smaller than i thought and the squirrels are very smart too its use . . i must figure out a way to fix the trigger to allow the animals to enter all the way in without first setting it off ... the wood block the directions tell you to do did not work on my squirrels.i should of bought the next size up . . i will win the war though ...
 Trap works as advertised ; simple to bait and set . Animals are not harmed when they are trapped . The trigger device is sensitive , but not too sensitive to close automatically .
 I caught 10 animals the first 2 days - red squirrels , chipmunks and young fox squirrels . At first , adult fox squirrels would enter the trap , but their entire tail would be outside the trap when it closed , so they were able to back out . Now they do n't even approach the trap anymore . This is a good trap , but I 've ordered a larger one to handle the big guys .
 came as advertised , works as advertised , would purchase again or similar item as i live in a rural area and use it for pest control .
 The trap worked perfectly ... caught 6 chipmonks in 3 days . . let them all go in the woods about 1/2 mile away . I used to have the Have-a-heart when I was a kid , 50 years ago . They still work GREAT
 Tricky to set up the first time . Wish they had a close up of how to set the trap . you line up the end of the wire to the end of the other wire and the tension of them against each other holds the trap.Once you figure it out it works great .
 A great trap . I have had it for about a month and have moved 4 chipmunks from my property to a nearby rock quarry .
 have caught 8 chipmunks and 10 red squirrels . The chipmunks were the problem as they were digging under a brick walk and have caved it in three times . This is a serious problem as my wife can not see the bricks that have caved in .
 For about a year now we 're had squirrel problems . They 've been chewing on the corners and sides of our roof just for the heck of it ; wearing down their teeth I have read . They have easily caused $ 1,000 damage to our house . We 've tried various different tactics to get rid of these evil little animals , but nothing has worked . I bought this trap last week and caught my first squirrel this morning ! It works great and there 's no way they can get out once trapped inside . The peanuts I used to catch it turned out to be his last meal . He and the trap went swimming in my rain barrel and that was that . I know it sounds cruel but I ca n't take it anymore and I 'm done being nice . The trap is now reset and we are ready to catch squirrel # 2 .
 It works . It 's small and compact bring enough for a squirrel.Good humane trap to tranport those critters away ...
 The trap worked like a charm . It took me a while to figure out the best way to set it -- I set it on a ledge and when the squirrel was trapped he managed to drop the trap from the ledge and escape . Lucky they do n't have great memories so I set it again , more securely , I caught my problem squirrel no problem and took him to the woods . I highly recommend this product !
 very satisfied w/Havaheart 1025 Two Door cage for Squirrels 17.5 x 5.25 x 7.25 - sturdy , easy to use & it works . Since our cat passed , I use the trap to catch between 15-20 chipmonks a summer . Only complaint . wish the holes on the spring plate were a little larger . I screw unshelled peanuts into holes & alot of them just crumble because hole is too small for normal peanut -LRB- half peanut -RRB- . This extra resistance helps in releasing spring plate .
 Much better than the more inexpensive models on the market . Sturdier ; keeps squirrels and chipmonks inside with no moving parts to chew on.Does not flex or need constant alignment to keep in working order .
 I opened the box , cut a piece of apple and set the trap on my retaining wall . In less than 15 minutes I got my first chipmunk . My indoor cats were very inquisitive so I let them watch the critter for a few minutes and then took him a mile away and set him free.This is an easy trap to bait and set .
 JUST MAKE SURE YOU LET THE GUY GO AND FORGET ABOUT HIM . ALSO DO N'T PUT IT WHERE BIRDS MIGHT GO IN LIKE BLUEJAYS WHO WANT TO GET AT THE PEANUTS THE TRAP WILL FRIGHTEN THEM AND THEY WILL DIE INSIDE . I LEAVE A SMALL CAP OF WATER INSIDE SO THE LITTLE RATS CAN CALM DOWN TIL MORNING BEFORE I TAKE THEM TO THE POND A FEW MILES DOWN THE ROAD .
 I have caught many live birds in the cage , it is unfortunate the rates were too smart . I had to resort to poison ; - -LRB-
 For the price this is the best on the market . I love how strong it is and its made very well . Check out my videos on Whocanfixthis.com .
 I caught two squirrels in my attic with this -LRB- not at the same time -RRB- . For larger rodents , leave one end closed and put the bait at the closed end . I 'm not sure how well it will work for the largest squirrels . The two in my attic were probably medium sized . I used almonds and walnuts for bait . It did n't take long to catch them .
 Easy to set , basic no nonsense trap . I ordered 3 because catching the pests one at a time did n't seem to affect the population .
 We had a squirrel move into our attic . This was the perfect non-lethal solution to moving him out . My husband baited it with peanut butter , and within a week , the little guy was trapped and moved out to the local forest preserve . When you are ready to transport it is helpful to be able to put the trap in a rubbermaid or something that is easlily cleaned as they tend to pee . COvering the trap with a blanket also helped to calm the animal.This has a more sensitive mechanism than the standard mouse trap and worked perfectly for us .
 I had squirrels in my attic and got this to get rid of them . I put it near the tree where they would come down from the house . I use bread smeared with peanut butter to stick it to the trip plate to help assure it goes off.After catching the first dozen -LRB- only maybe 3 were from my house -RRB- I was afraid they were returning from my drop off spot about 2 miles away -LSB- Nice wooded area with a large pond -RSB- . I started spray painting spots on their tails to be sure they were n't being territorial and returning . None have come back.I have now caught 26 and think I have cleared my entire neighborhood of gray squirrels . When I started would catch one per hour , now I leave it for days with nothing and have n't seen any around lately .
 A little bit of advice for folks that are finding the bait gone but the trap was not tripped . If you are using peanut butter put a small amount on top of the bait pan and then smear some on the underside of the pan . The animal will more than likely try to manipulate the pan to reach the peanut butter on the bottom side and the chance of triggering the trap will be greatly increased . This works for those traps that people find less `` sensitive '' as well . Good Luck !
 In my experience , once the animal is in your home there is only one way to get it out and that is to catch it . They are extremely persistent . I could not sleep at night and destroyed their nest , but they kept coming back.These are all the things I tried .1 . Predator urine repellent - did nothing at all .2 . Loud high pitched sounds that only animals can hear - They left when they heard this , but came back and ultimately had no effect .3 . Cut down tree branch to roof - They climbed up the chimney .4 . Found where they were getting in and patched the hole - They created a hole somewhere else.The worst thing for me was patching the hole , then they got into the walls and started ripping apart the walls . I ended up unpatching my original hole so they could get back into the attic where I could set the trap.This trap is great . Within 24 hours I caught a squirrel . I used real peanut butter -LRB- that has oil in it -RRB- on both sides of a cracker . It has a strong scent and it sticks to the pan . I recommend testing the trap several times so you know how it works . It is not obvious just by looking at it . Make sure both locks are flipped up so when the doors fall it locks .
 When I first took this trap out of the box , I found it a little confusing -LRB- even with instructions -RRB- to figure out which bars went where to properly set the trap . I found I had to bend the bars connected to the trap doors outward slightly so that the bar connected to the trigger plate could pass by -LRB- between the other bars and the cage itself -RRB- when the trigger plate was tipped to the right . Once I 'd done so , it became much clearer how the trap was supposed to work . Now that the trap is in working order , I 've caught two baby squirrels so far with nothing but some walnuts and a few pieces of cereal.Pros : - Seems to catch squirrels pretty well ; even lightweight ones seem to trip the trigger plate just fine , and I 'm not even using any sticky bait . - MY FAVORITE
 We were tired of our pecan trees being stripped bare before the fruit ripened . We were also sad to see our poor wild birds look for their food only to find it had been greedily consumed by squirrels . The Havahart trap is a wonderful compromise for our furried and feathered friends . We 've given up counting the number of squirrels we have `` relocated '' with the help of the trap . Some days we 'll catch up to ten of the little rascals . Our Black Labrador loves to accompany my husband when the squirrels are eventually `` liberated '' . This product is so good that I 'm ordering another one today !
 We are very happy with the results after a few days of using the Havahart 1025 Two Door Cage Trap . We wanted to capture a rat that was living in our shrubs and feasting on dog food next door . We tried peanut butter the first night with no results . The next night we substituted the peanut butter with Gorgonzola cheese , and our unwanted tenant sprung the trap while we were reading the Sunday paper . I put the trap in the Amazon box and let the varmint loose in a rice paddy several miles out of town.Setting the trap is extremely simple . It is not necessary to bend , twist or otherwise modify the trap as suggested by other reviewers . The instructions that come with the trap make the process seem more complicated than it is . They refer to various parts without diagramming which parts are which , and are helpful only after a round of trial-and-error . The illustration that shows how the levers should look when the trap is set is most helpful.Contrary to some of the other reviewer 's comments about the doors
 I had a chipmunk trapped on my enclosed porch . I smeared about 1/4 tsp peanut butter and some black sunflower seeds from the birdseed bag on the little toggle tray . Next morning , I woke up and heard the cage rattling ; there the little fella was - ready to be released into the yard . PERFECT !!
 I had to bend the wires a bit to make it work and it was frustrating at first but now it works . I did have to put a heavy rock on top of the trap . I am not sure if it was a rat or something bigger but it must have gotten caught and jumped around enough to turn the cage and release itself . I put dry catfood , deli turkey , pumpkin seeds and craisins in a little bowl made of aluminum foil . Also , to make it harder for the rat to swipe without setting off the trap , I ducktape the bowl to the middle trigger plate . Please remember to check this every 8 hours or so as the rat does not have food/water , so you can release it quickly , far from your house .
 Great trap for chipmunks -- caught 2 in the first day . We have a larger version of this trap for groundhogs and it works very well too . We did catch a bird also , but the chipmunks are gone and no more damage by them ! Recommend trap highly !
 I played around with different kinds of bait , but once I switched to fresh apple slices I started catching chipmunks like crazy . I 'll catch multiple chipmunks in a day . I do recommend that you do keep the arms that hold the doors open well lubricated otherwise they can get stuck .
 The Havahart 1025 Live animal trap is so much better then your competitor . Built so much sturdier . We have already caught pesty chipmunks from around the house . They are easy to set and release . I had to go on line to find this one , as we had purchased your competitor and was very disappointed with it , it was very cheeply made . We are very pleased and satified with the Havahart 1025 Live Trap . We gave it a 5 star rate .
 I have an epidemic of chipmunks in my yard , causing me no end of problems . I 've had a one of the 1025s for a while , and it works great , but wanted a couple more traps to cut down the population . So , I bought another 1025 and also a `` Havahart 0745 Live Animal Professional Style Trap '' . Since it 's advertised as a chipmunk trap , whereas the 1025 is advertised as a squirrel trap , I wanted to compare them . I 've used the two side-by-side , and can tell you , that chipmunks prefer the 1025 by at least 5-1 . They like the 1025 so much , I 've occasionally left it out overnight without bait , and found a chippie inside in the morning.I 've caught squirrels in this too , they apparently like peanut butter as much as the chippies do . But usually the chippies get to the bait first . If you have chipmunks , this is hands-down the best trap I 've found .
 I bougth this item from Amazon and placed it right next to the house foundation , the house has a 2x6 lying on its side which creates a tunnel for the little critters . I got sick and tire of finding the Chipmunk poop al over my patio and they would even use my grill as safe house to eat their nuts . I placed the trap at the end of the 2x6 , it looks like a continuation of the `` tunnel '' . I 've caught 14 so far . It 's been 2 days with no more chipmunks . . I think I got the entire family . Additionally , I did not have to place any bait in the trap . Now that the catch rate has decreased , I may place some bait to entice those that still roam around my backyard . Do n't worry . . all the chipmunks have been relocated .
 Great trap ! We 've caught two squirrels so far . Caveat
 My yard is like a menagerie of wild animals . So many birds we ca n't feed them all , squirrels , ducks , snapping turtles , humming birds but the ones I trap and get rid of are the chipmunks . They dig everyplace and can do substantial damage if they get out of control.I trap them with this Havahart cage and take them to a very large park about 10 miles away . I see this as the humane way of taking care of these critters . I use a slice of apple tied to the trip plate and it works fine and last for several days if they do n't come around . Every once in a while I would catch a baby squirrel and let it go or maybe even a bird.I have used two of these cages and the first one worked flawlessly . On the second one the trip setting lever was not bent properly out of the box and I had to re-align it to get it to trip easily and not jam partially open . The second one is definitely more difficult to set.Last spring I caught 6 chipmunks in one day ! This cage is much too small to catch full size squirrels as the door only closes on their tail and will not lock and the squirrels are very strong and able to escape.Funny story , we went to the park to drop off a chipmunk and we always park in the same spot . Three chipmunks ran up to the truck like they wanted to get in and my wife said that they just wanted a ride home . Too bad fellows !
 That will teach you squirrels to mess with our fruit trees ! We like that we can trap them and relocate them to a wilderness area to live out their happy little lives . We bought some of the spring traps but thought better ; they are way to scary in an urban setting .
 One of my neighbors had his car ignition wires chewed by our little mischievous neighborhood chipmunk costing over $ 500 to repair the damage . We are fearing this little rodent -LRB- and offspring -RRB- will be wanting to make our walls into their family room . Come spring I am hoping to sign Chippy up for the Chipmunk Protection Program but wanted to do it with a humane trap .
 Worked for us . We had the little red squirrels in our attic . I had no problem setting the trap or catching the little buggers . We just placed a few almonds on the bait plate . It makes a pretty loud sound when it slams closed , which was helpful since I knew right away when we 'd caught one . We 'd let our dogs sniff the cage and the squirrel would just go crazy , and I stupidly thought the creature would be sufficiently traumatized by the whole experience to stay away from our house , and I just released them outside . Yeah , that was dumb of me . They just came back ; at least , I think it was the same ones . I thought about spraypainting their tails to tell if it was the same ones , but I was afraid of accidentally spraying it into their eyes if they jumped around -LRB- they 're awfully fast , after all ! -RRB- After releasing 2 or 3 near the house , we wised up and started driving them away to be released . I was nervous that they would escape while in the car , but the trap stayed securely closed , and it 's easy to release them .
 Have used these traps successfully in the past but not sure how far away I need to take these wild critters before releasing them . Skunks pose a challenge .
 My first post ever , but thought this was worth sharing . I replaced a window over the summer and neglected to replace a board went behind the fascia and above the window . My dumb mistake , because a few gray squirrels found a nice place to nest behind the wall in my house for the winter . After seeing a squirrel come out of the opening , I decided I better replace the board so it could n't get back in again . An hour later , I saw two gray squirrels on my ladder looking for a way to get back in , but of course they could not now . However , the next day I was outside looking in around the same window area and saw a squirrel on the inside !! So , I must have missed one ! I ran in the house , and she ran up the wall into an opening in the ceiling where I had some drywall removed . So , I ran out to the store to buy a live trap , -LRB- there 's no way I am going to harm a squirrel -RRB- and came home with the 1092 model . I read that the 1084 model was better sized for gray squirrels and this one may be a little too small . I set it up and went to check about an hour later , I see her in the window again looking for a way out . So , I ran back inside and up she went into the ceiling again . This time , I opened the window up about 4 inches -LRB- this was in the middle of winter and 10 degrees out in Michigan , but oh well -RRB- . I patiently watched the window from the outside and waited for her to come out and about an hour later ... bingo . She went up on the window sill , then came out and inspected what happened to the outside opening that I covered up . After the coast was clear , I ran over and closed the window and that was it ! A few minutes later , I saw all three gray squirrels reunite in a tree in the backyard and were crawling all over each other , happy to be back together . It was awesome . So , I did n't end up using a trap afterall . Just thought that I 'd share with you a super happy moment.P.S . - Catching and releasing these guys is a great idea , they are really fascinating and gentle little animals . I suggest finding out where they are getting in and closing up the opening -LRB- if that 's the issue -RRB- . Then , you can just let them out where the came from . I love having them around the yard.Bill
 Arrived on time , was just as described . Has n't caught my squirrel yet though , but that 's not your fault . He 's a sneaky little booger .
 In contrast to many commenters here , I decided to purchase this trap primarily for pragmatic , not humane , reasons . I was growing desperate in my attempts to get rid of a rat that had settled in my apartment and already inflicted some damage on its walls . Havahart trap was not - by any means - the first thing I tried . The rat had successfully gotten out of a glue trap and released the trigger in two Victor snap traps -LRB- and both times escaped unharmed after eating the bait -RRB- . I was seriously considering using poison , despite the fact that if she -LRB- the rat -RRB- happened to die inside the walls of my apartment , the stench would have been more unbearable then the inconvenience of sharing my place with an unwanted tenant . However , I sort of came to respect my enemy for her intellect . After some searching , I found this non-lethal contraption on Amazon and decided to give it a try . For about a week , I used the trap as a feeder , by deactivating the trigger mechanism with scotch tape and placing a small dish of peanut butter on the trigger platform . The bait disappeared every time I left my apartment . Finally , I removed the scotch tape and waited outside for a few hours . When I returned , the rat was in the cage , obviously in a bad mood , but at least alive . After showing her to my 5-year old daughter -LRB- where else would a child get to see such a fine wild specimen of Rattus rattus ? -RRB- , I released the rat in the woods , reasonably far from human habitat . I hope it never comes to this again , but should another rat invade my place , I have the trap and the experience to get rid of it . To summarize
 Havahart 1025 Two-Door 18 x 5 x 5-Inch Cage Trap for SquirrelsWe had an issue with pocket gophers taking out a Sago palm tree and a variety of plants in our back yard . During the past 2 weeks , we have successfully used this Havahart 1025 model cage trap with 18x5x5 dimensions.We have caught :1 . 6 pocket gophers2 . 1 large Norway rat3 . 1 rabbitWe are careful to always wear gloves.We bait the trap with a single , regular size Granny Smith apple cut into 3 pieces . They ca n't resist the apple smell . We have also tried successfully applying peanut butter to the apple pieces.We keep only one side of the cage open and put the apple pieces to the back . We have set the cage on the edge of the grass in our back yard facing the plantings.We were surprised at how well this cage has worked . We did not have much luck with a larger version of this cage in prior years .
 I 'm looking to eliminate pack rats from my back yard . So far , I have `` caught '' two . The first one remained captured for a couple of hours - it was the middle of the night , so I could not take care of it right away . I could hear it from my bed as it kept running back and forth over the tray , looking for a way out . By morning , it had escaped - the doors were still locked so I assume it squeezed out of the corner where the door comes down . I understand that rats can squeeze through a hole the size of a nickel , so that is apparently what happened.I then used pliers to bend the four lower corners of the two doors inward a bit to decrease the size of those gaps . The next night I caught another rat -LRB- I do n't think this was the same one -RRB- , and this time it was still there in the morning . Tonight I will set it for the original rat again , as I need to get her to stop nesting in my gas grill.Cheese as bait has worked fine so far . Releasing the captured rat was pretty easy , a few miles away .
 We had an issue with a family of rats living under our house . After doing some research and not wanting to harm the rats , I bought this trap . It is the perfect size for the rats and easy to set . A dab of Peanut Butter and the first night we caught our first rat . We then relocated it to the hills next to a lake . The next three nights we caught rats until non were left under the house . This trap works great ! I highly recommend .
 There 's not a lot to say about this little trap other than to say it does everything exactly as it 's supposed to do . It 's very simple to use and it 's easy to take whatever critter you may catch for a long ride so they ca n't find their way back to your house . i now own three of various sizes and use them without reservation , including catching a couple skunks . I was very worried at first but I picked them up by the end of the trap . I strapped them in the back of my pickup holding them up on end and they they did n't spray . I opened the trap and they were more interested in getting out than spraying . No problems !!
 I tried several times setting this trap using peanut butter and goring my head on an attic nail trying to place the trap near the attic noise , which sounded like cables being quickly dragged over the ceiling . I luckily found something that works much better and is much easier.I set trap to the one door mode - using only the bar with curve on it to set trap as indicated in directions . It is easier to set that way , and you can make the rascal run over the bait pan to get to the bait , rather than eating it without tripping the trap . For bait , I use pitted dates.Dates are much easier than peanut butter . You can easily toss one into the far side of the trap so they have to trip the trap to get it . Also , no mess to clean . If they do n't eat it you can dump it out easy . The roof rats or fruit rats ? or mice that I am catching really like the dates . I can leave the trap at the attic door and they come to it , usually within an hour.To my surprise I caught 7 in the first 24 hours of using this method . Noise in attic is gone , so I am hoping this exercise is almost over.I rate this item 5 stars because for the price it works great . Trying to set both doors open did n't work so well , but at least the single door option was available .
 If you want to trap a rat humanely , the Havahart 1025 is your answer . I received the trap on one day , set it with Virginia roasted peanuts -LRB- wrapped in heavy duty aluminium foil -RRB- for bait that night , and had a nice sized rat in the trap by morning . Problem solved . Absolutely worth the investment .
 Very pleased with this trap . Great size for rats . 3 rats in 3 nights . I also bought a # 1020 but found it a little small .
 I have had this product for about a month now and so far , I 've caught 3 chipmunks . However , it 's worth noting that more often than not -LRB- until my modification -RRB- , the trap was closed , treat was gone and no chipmunks were inside . Though the bait tray is sensitive , a chipmunk can easily get a treat off it and walk out of the trap without it being deployed . Happened to me several times . One time I set the trap on some mulch and the chipmunk dug at the treat from below , again evading the trap.The tip someone posted about smearing peanut butter on the bait tray itself is a good one . However , it 's messy and if left out too long , will attract ants . What I did was take a clamp I used for my pet birds and secure it to the inside of the trap near the bait tray . I clip a little graham cracker with some peanut butter on it - that way , the chipmunk almost has to step on the bait tray and/or struggle a little to get the treat , therefor triggering the trap . He ca n't just grab the treat and go , he has to either sit there for awhile eating it , or pull it off the clamp , either way increasing the likelihood that the trap will deploy.For the price , I feel this is a good product , though I really wish there was a way to secure the treat to the bait tray . It would definitely increase the chances of catching a chipmunk . Setting it up is fairly easy , though not totally intuitive in setting the trap itself . Nice thing is reusable , portable and not messy.Oh , and I doubt a squirrel could fit into this thing ! It does seem big enough to catch a squirrel.Overall , a good value for those of us who do n't yet have the nerve to kill the little buggers . ; -RRB-
 I thought I just had a ground squirrel or two eating my plants ... I received this trap on Monday . Caught one squirrel Monday night , two squirrels Tuesday , four on Wednesday . Today I am told there was one squirrel in the trap and eight more trying to spring their comrade -LRB- trying to dig him out -RRB- . Apparently my property is paradise on Earth for the Antelope Ground Squirrel.I wo n't be buying any more of these traps -LRB- I do n't have the time to move 10,000 ground squirrels -RRB- , but it is very effective . While it looks awful , I think we 'll be putting a layer of chicken wire or hardware netting on the bottom half of our 4-foot wire fence . Then we 'll use this trap on a case-by-case basis.By the way , Antelope Ground Squirrels like peanut butter , green and red grapes , corn and Ritz crackers .
 I 've had success using this trap . After 3 young squirrels fell through my bedroom ceiling it was apparent I had a squirrel issue . I acquired 2 of these-one for the ceiling , one for the back yard -LRB- to catch anything before it gets to the house -RRB- . Caught another in the ceiling last winter and just a couple of days ago-caught another in the backyard that I noticed prowling around . I release them to a park area that actually has a squirrel/chipmunk viewing space.Bit of advice-when setting this trap leave the door down and locked that is controlled by the straight lever . Then place the bait right inside next to the closed door . The squirrel then has only one entry point and has to traverse the bait plate to get to the actual bait . This works much better than baiting the bait plate and leaving both doors open.Anything caught will be very testy during transport and keeping the trap right side up is a must or the locking mechanism will release .
 A neighbor recommended this & lent me his . We wanted to get rid of a squirrel in our basement asap . He showed me how to use it-I 've read other reviews that the directions are a bit confusing , and I can see how that could be . He told me to use peanut butter and to smear most of the peanut butter UNDER the tray , so the squirrel would play with/manipulate that more . I went out for 1.5 hours and when I came home , the squirrel was already trapped.I carried it up 1 flight of stairs and out to my car with no problem . I was worried that the squirrel might bite me , or that the door would swing open mid-air . But , I took my time and kept it steady and horizontal , and there was no problem . I released it in a park about 2.5 miles & over a river from me -- I had read that squirrels have a great ability to find their way home , even over a distance of 5-7 miles.From talking to people over the past 16 hours , it seems that this is a rather common problem . So , I 'm ordering a trap now to have at the ready next time -LRB- although I hope there is n't a next time ! -RRB- One more tip
 The Havahart 1025 trap is the best trap that I have used for catching rats . Just place the trap against a building wall where rats are present . Rats will try to run through it . You do n't need to bait the trap . There is no need to use poison bait and worry about your pets getting into it . The trap catches the rodents alive so if you want to release them somewhere else you can . If you wish to kill the disease carrying pests , you can just put the trap under water for a few minutes . I have found that traps that kill rodents leave a sent that scares other rodents away . This trap is fast and easy to set . The trap will not hurt your pets like some other kinds . The only problem that I have found using this model trap is that mice will spring it too . The spacing of the wire mesh is too wide to keep mice in . You will need the next size smaller trap to catch mice .
 I bought this cage because a rat moved into my house and I could n't bear to kill it . My room-mate on the other hand , did n't care and wanted it dead . I got this because the other trap -LRB- the 1020 -RRB- was too small according to some reviews and a rat could only barely fit in it . I did n't want the rat to get its tail stuck on the trap door as it is closing or for it to feel cramped inside if it got caught . My room-mate went and got the regular snap traps , but the rat proved too smart to get caught in his.The trap is slightly complicated in that you have to use the levers connected to the doors and that connected to the bait mechanism to level the bait mechanism and then fix it into place by placing the door levers ' protruding ends to the end from the bait mechanism . It is a little tricky as there is no bay or fixture for it ; you have to level it and gently leave it in place . Oh , and do n't forget to put the latches above the door into the locked position -LRB- as in the product picture -RRB- otherwise the rat will just push the door open and escape.A very good product and most reviews say the product works . Apparently peanuts are a very good bait to use . Unfortunately my room mate got to the rat before me so I do n't know whether the baits proposed are useful in all cases . After his traps did n't work , he waited for it to come out again and ended the poor thing 's life with the end of a broom .
 I bought this trap to control the chipmonks around the house . I bought the trap late in the season , and now the chipmonks are hibernating . I did catch one chipmonk using peanut butter before they disappeard for the season . I drove it 1/2 mile away , and let it go in a nature preserve . I will be using the trap this spring when they show up again.The trap is well built , and is quite sturdy .
 No more chipmunks ! Used tomato and pecan/walnuts for bait . You may have to file the bait tray activator rod tip to make it more sensitive . Try it first .
 Works fine-have caught a number of chipmunks with this trap.I leave only one end open and put cracker with peanut butter in the trap .
 It 's a good trap for humanely capturing and releasing pesky chipmunks that gobble up almost all of our tomatoes . We used it once , capturing the King of the chipmunks . Now we built barricades to the tomatoes that the chipmunks ca n't easily climb.I would recommend the product .
 As others report , setting as 2 door trap a tad tricky and stiff release.It could use better instructions.I did not bother to adjust the release , just used as one door trap with a large bottle cap of peanut butter , corn and whole peanut.Adolescent squirrels in the attic remaining after soffit repaired.Took 12 hours to catch the first one . We 'll see how it goes.Yes the box says it is for SMALL squirrels , use one of the larger models for adults.As always , YMMV .
 This trap required some fiddling around to get the mechanism to work the way it is supposed to . But , do n't give up , it works well , once you figure out how to make the adjustments .
 recieved in about 2 days ... 4 squirrels down the 1st . wk.peanut butter on bread
 I first purchased this trap 6 years ago when cutting down the branches that allowed some squirrels into the attic did not dissuade them from getting back to their home . I caught and released 2 . More never found their way back into the house . This summer I noticed one getting between the stairs and the house so I trapped him as well . It was very easy . I set the trap with whatever food I had about and stuck it to the trap with a small amount of peanut butter . I used a hammer to pick up the cage and used it again to open the cage to release them . You certainly do n't want to get your hands too close to a trapped squirrel!Another tip
 Well built but had to do some minor bending so small squirrels could n't escape . Good for squirrel/rat . No assembly required . Amazon quick ship . Would recommend .
 Have caught 5 chipmunks in two days but no squirrels.May be a bit small for grey squirrels .
 Love it ! I had to experiment a little with setting the trap . When I had both doors up it seemed it would be much harder to catch them . I started with crackers and PNB and those little buggers just eat them up . Then I closed the second door and put a bunch of shelled peanuts by that closed door . It works like a charm . I have caught 3 squirrel already in 2 days and have probably 4 more to go . Then I transport them in a large open plastic bin , in case they have an accident while in the trap , to a wooded area 2 + miles away . To release them , unlock the trap and tip it to the side . They will be gone within seconds . It certainly was worth the money .
 I purchased 2 of these traps and they work very well ! I was having ` issues ' with the local chipmunks and squirrels and wanted a humane solution to reducing their numbers . Without baiting them , just setting them on the ground , I caught 17 chipmunks and a squirrel in a week . -LRB- I can not believe there are still many more left ! -RRB- All were released back into the wild a mile or so down the road . I did not have the demeanor to dispatch their little lives permanently . Works very well for chipmunks , but for squirrels , they will need to be baited . I just wish the local clan of foxes would do so well ! Very sturdy , well built and should provide many years of service .
 Horrible raccoon problem with them killing my ducks . This is so much better than staying up all night to shoot them , Bait the trap , wake up with a caught critter . Take it from there .
 This trap is great , caught our first little pesky squirrel The first half hour we set it out . Took him for a long ride to the country and it was real easy to release him . We used the one end open method with a bit of peanut butter bread . Also bought the small rodent trap , does not work well at all . There is not enough weight in the trap door for it to close completely .
 This trap works wonderfully well . So far I 've managed to catch rats , mice and a squirrel . I prefer this to some others because it is easy to setup and the release is very quick and easy .
 Length :
 We have bought two of this type of trapping device . Once caught we can take the little `` critters '' out of the city to a nice wooded area for them to chew up . Leaves the eaves of our house intact . Squirrels have been a real problem since the neighbor puts out food for them . Use of this product has resolved the issue.Love this product
 I just caught a good size rat in mine . Now I can sleep without being awakened by that infuriating scurrying or , worse , gnawing.I find spreading peanut butter on the trigger mechanism works great , Anything that they can nibble at or lift off will likely not trip the trigger , no matter how sensitive.This thing really does work . It catches only one at a time , though . I just saw another ad for a `` repeating rat trap '' -LRB- not much larger if any larger than this trap -RRB- that will hold up to 12 rats at a time ! They do n't `` get it '' , apparently , and just keep coming in to the party.But this trap suffices for the odd rodent in the house or walls , once you find out where it will likely travel . The peanut butter smell will lure them in .
 There 's not a lot to say about this little trap other than to say it does everything exactly as it 's supposed to do . It 's very simple to use and it 's easy to take whatever critter you may catch for a long ride so they ca n't find their way back to your house . i now own three of various sizes and use them without reservation , including catching a couple skunks . I was very worried at first but I picked them up by the end of the trap . I strapped them in the back of my pickup holding them up on end and they they did n't spray . I opened the trap and they were more interested in getting out than spraying . No problems !!
 Caught the first 10 gray squirrels last year with my neighbor 's 1025 , then bought the longer 1040 and have caught another 70 . We have a small squirrel problem ! I 'm pretty sure I 'm not just getting repeat offenders because they 're being relocated a long distance . Now we 're starting to get a small native squirrel population established . I immediately let them out of the trap because they are feisty for their size and they chase away the gray squirrels.I 've found a trick that works nearly every time . Do n't mess with the trigger tension as some reviewers have suggested . Just include some bait under the trigger -LRB- bird seed or whatever they 're being attracted to -RRB- . At least with squirrels , they ca n't help but to push their noses under the trigger . I 'll usually see them carefully eat some of the bait off the top of the trigger , but the moment the nose goes under the trigger , down come the doors.Also for the guys with the longer tails , put a couple small stones on the trap doors to make it less likely for them to hold the door open with their tail .
 I use the 1020 and 1025 Havahart traps for rats . Recently got 14 in 6 nights at our ranch . The 1020 works perfect for small rats -LRB- juvies -RRB- and the 1025 works perfect for full sized adults . Occasionally I catch a juvie in the 1025 but for the most part they prefer the 1020 . I 'd HIGHLY recommend getting at least one of eachThese live traps work MUCH MUCH better than Big Vicks !
 Opened the box , took a quick look a the directions , and a few minutes later was in business . Trapping did no harm to the squirrels . Releasing them was a little tricky - they wanted out faster than I could move , but we both jumped in the right directions
 The trap is well-made , easy to operate , etc. . And inexpensive.I 'm just adding a comment that this model was n't quite big enough to contain a full-grown gray squirrel . He just held the door open with his butt while he ate the bait!Trading up ...
 I did n't know which size trap to buy because I did n't know if I had a mouse or a rat . I set the trap the original way with both doors open and my little friend got to eat on me for free . I finally set it with one door open and that night I got my mouse . So yes it does work and holds them there all night long .
 Worked on all the rats we had around . I caught very big ones and very small mouse sized ones . You can set just one side or use both . Make sure you set the lock bar on top , or they can escape .
 Works great for squirrels . I 've had the most luck using a single door -LRB- trap can be used with 1 or 2 doors open -RRB- , and smearing a little peanut butter at the back and bottom of the trigger plate . Putting a little more peanut butter in the doorway also help to entice them into the trap.The instructions were a little unclear about how to set the trap -LRB- reason for 4 stars -RRB- , but the trick is to only have the flat sides of the trigger plate and door rods touching . Do n't try to `` hook '' the rods together . When it 's set it almost appears that it will spring any second , but there is enough pressure between the rods to catch an animal .
 Getting down our Christmas decorations from the attic over Thanksgiving we discovered evidence of something in our attic and ordered this trap . We used aluminum foil to make a tray for food and placed pecans , subflower seeds , cherrios , and cat food in the dish , -LRB- mmm ... yummy -RRB- and voila ! A small squirrel ! Trip to the country ...
 This product really works ! Put some peanut butter and a small apple or chunk of an apple and put it on the center . Chipmunks go right for it and get trapped easily . Caught over 7 of them in about a 2 week period . Great to catch small animals running around your yard . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who has small animal problems .
 Works great!Just put some slivered almonds in the trap , and that 's all there is to it . Works like a charm !
 Very easy to set up and use . Good quality . Set up in shed and caught the squirrel in the first night . Took trap into car to release squirrel far away . Thankfully , put trap on newspapers in car , which caught squirrel 's droppings during transport .
 Better to have purchased a single door trap for squirrels . The trap however is well made as are all havahart traps
 this trap will do it 's job , I 've caught 7 chipmunks so far . just make sure you set the trap according to the instructions provided . product was delivered quickly as well .
 It worked and I have n't used it for over a year ... good to know I have a product that will work when I need it ...
 These Havahart traps are the greatest things since sliced bread . Got this one to catch a juvenile snapping turtle that found its way into my backyard fish pond . I 've used the slightly larger trap for a bigger snapper a while back . Bait it with some cat food in a steel mesh tea ball hooked up over the trip plate - I had the little menace in under 3 hours , unharmed and ready to release at the real lake nearby . It 's easy to set , and it worked fine submerged in about 3 inches of water and on an unlevel surface . Came fully assembled and ready to use . Well worth the money to save my goldfish without hurting the turtle .
 This trap works like a charm . I have captured 18 chipmonks in two weeks ! They were reeking havoc in my yard and beginning to enter my house so I 'm glad to be rid of them .
 These are wonderful traps for chipmunks and squirrels . The sunflower seeds we use as bait occasionally entice birds into them , but the traps are roomy enough the birds are n't injured until I am able to release them back into the yard.We now have three 1025 traps and all three needed tweaking right out of the box . There has been a little interference and hesitation or lack of smoothness in the interplay of the two arms that control the doors . However , adjusting them is intuitive and easy . The second oddity is that all three traps , when set , have the bait tray at an angle which means the sunflower seeds just slide right off onto the ground under the trap . Fixing it is likewise simple , but requires two pliers - one to grasp the tray and supporting wire and the other to twist/bend the end of that support wire , the part that acts as the trip lever . It takes 10 seconds and makes all the difference in presenting the bait.Occasionally I have to tune the tip ends of the two arms that contact one another . Tarnish makes the trip mechanism balky , thus allowing a potential prisoner to eat all the bait and leave . Again , a little steel wool and some silicone spray make it a hair trigger and all is right again.These are well-designed . They 're simply not going to escape until you release them , and your hands are protected when carrying the trap . I 'd suggest following Havahart 's guidance in releasing irate squirrels
 I 've used this for 3 days and caught 3 squirrels on my rooftop deck . Since they are raiding my tomato plants , I used a half of a small ripe tomato as bait along with a few sunflower seeds . They ransack my garden boxes between 5-6 am daily . Of the 3 I trapped , one large male flipped the cage on its side and escaped -LRB- I watched him do it . -RRB- Apparently once the trap is closed , the two end plates depend on gravity to stay latched . This makes releases easier , but as I mentioned , also makes escapes possible . If the door latches were better , I 'd give it 5 stars .
 Great trap , easy to set , and have been catching grey ground squirrels averaging one a day for the past 20 days . Tried peanut butter and nuts but only caught the tree squirrels . So switched to apple slices and strawberries and wammo , started catching the destructive ground squirrels . some days 2 , some days none , some days only one , but have averaged 1 a day . They are easily released by just opening one of the doors . Have been releasing them in the local park where they are fed by the kids at the park . Now we are filling the holes and tunnels in our lawn with rocks and dirt . Great product and well made .
 I have caught 8 rats in 8 days . The rats I have are very smal and I was affraid they would not set of the spring loaded trap . But they do . Would racomend .
 so easy to use ... I set it and five minutes later I have a little fury critter to relocate ... so easy to set too ...
 ive got to say it works perfect.iam up to 65 kills now.little s *** s just keep comming back , too bad for them , ill just keep brakeing there little necks , snap , snap , snap
 The do 's and dont 's of this item are very critical . You must read the warnings at the swing groover web site or the owners manual before swinging your clubs at this piece of equipment . Pro ` sGood tool for the intermediate to scratch golfer.Great for getting an idea of distance and swing speed . I hit around 95 and the swing groover is reading that accurately.This item is good for rhythm and timing practice . I started slow and picked up my swing speed practicing both form and timing . I found this to be a good method for using this item . Starting with swing speeds of around 30mph working my way to full swings with each club in my bag.The more pure your swing the more accurate the machine seems to read.Con ` sNot for the begging golfer . This item can be broken if hit with a club in the wrong fashion.DO NOT top the ball . Topping the ball can break the swing arm that the ball is attached to by forcing the ball down away from the swing arm putting high pressures on the attachment to the machine.Very poor shots give highly inaccurate readings.Distance accuracy is off with many clubs . The machine has pre-programed setting for the 1 , 3 , 5 Woods and 1-9 Irons . However , your club set will play a roll in the distance readings . Since the machine is programed for certain lofts and standard club faces you may find your distances to be off . For instance I hit my 9 Iron around 90 yrds on the course . The swing groover is giving me a reading of 75 yrds.Over All ; I like it and found it to be a useful tool in working on my timing and form . Do n't expect it to be exact in the readings but it is a good practice tool if your not expecting 100 % accuracy . For the price I found it to be sufficient . If you want higher accuracy you will have to spend more money on much more accurate equipment .
 I recently bought this product , and I find it a good trainer . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; I 've used a much more expensive analyzer at a golf shop , when getting fitted for clubs , and the swing speed shown on this unit is within a couple mph of the golf shop machine . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; The yardage shown on this unit seems to be short , but when one remembers that yardage is dependent on so many factors -- type of ball , temperature , humidity , elevation , wind , one 's particular physical state on each day -- that imo , yardage matters much less in practicing than a consistent readout of swing speed . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; When I bring good tempo to my swing , the result is immediately visible on the readout . Get off tempo , and my swing speed invariably drops . Using this analyzer has helped me groove my swing , and even add a few mph . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; The unit is best suited for teed up shots , as the instructions discourage you from hitting down on a ball as with an iron . And the ball ca n't be set flush with the `` grass . '' &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Even with that drawback , I 've had lots of fun working on my game , with the Golf Channel on , and snow flying outside my Montana living room . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; All in all , I 'm pleased with the product .
 The Winter is here :-LRB- That means , in the midwest at least , I have just finished my first season of golf . I have topped balls , `` shanked '' balls , and even missed contacting the ball . However , I was determined to better my game . The first Swing Groover II I bought broke . I called the stored I ordered it from and they were willing to replace the device . I did receive a new Swing Groover II . After using the Swing Groover II , I must say I am well pleased . It has transformed my swing . All season long , I thought I had a built in draw in my swing -LRB- I saw many balls going left -RRB- . The Swing Groover II has corrected that and now many of balls are straight . Also , the Swing Groover II has given my a confidence to go out on the golf course and have the to go where I want it to go . The Swing Groover II is accurate . I went to a professional and had my swing speed tested . My swing averaged 80-85 mph . With the Swing Groover , my swing speed is 75-80 mph . That sounds accurate to me . Looking forward to the start of the golf season : -RRB-
 For the money , this is an excellent training tool . I , as others I see posting , have used more sophisticated equipment but found the results to be very close + / - 5 % margin error . Many , many , golfers are in denial about how hard they muscle up to the plate and how far the ball travels . I find my driver to travel approx . 250 on the course , more sophisticated machines , and with this tool - club speed slighty over 100 with a slice from time to time , as recognized with the Swing Groover -- so it gets my humble endorsement .
 A common experience when someone uses an electronic device to measure their club head speed for the first time is denial that their speed is , in reality , that low ... While people like to believe they are cranking along at 100 + mph , the reality is unless you have a very well timed swing , you are n't . This device does just that . I 've had my club head speed measured before by other more expensive devices , and it was just as reported by this device . Just as low . ; - -RRB- However , after a few one hour sessions with this goodie , I had slowed down my swing , improved my consistency , perfected my timing and added 30 mph and two club lengths to my shots . Yes , it works ... -LRB- and I now do have 100 + mph club head speed -RRB- I gave it four stars because it 's not bulletproof . It is best suited for someone who already swings a club well , and is looking to fine tune the specifics of their swing , and is in search of some detailed feedback for those minute adjustments.If you are just starting , ca n't hit consistently , have a tendency to top the ball , and all that , then this device is n't for you . I doubt it would survive the punishment you would deliver to it.If however , you are looking for that last bit of polish to tune up your swing , get more consistency and controlled power , then this is a good place to look.For less than the cost of a few lessons , I was able to systematically work through the last pieces of my swing and really take my golf swing to the next level.I 've never struck a ball as well as after having trained with this device.P.S . If your store wo n't take back an actual defective item , try shopping at better stores ... ; - -RRB-
 I have not received this item . This is the second time this happened . I never received the other item and was told too much time elapsed to do anything about it . I do n't want that to happen again !! How do I get this on track ??
 I received this product in a timely manner and was also very happy with the product itself . It came with the required hardware so that it literaly took a few seconds to attach to my rifle . I would recomend this product to any friend who was looking for somethinglike this .
 I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend . It arrived quickly and in great condition . I could n't be happier !
 This was a beautiful jersey at a very nice discounted price . It showed up on time and was exactly what I wanted .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 We spent 2 days of consistent rain during a recent cub scout event and thisjacket kept my son dry throughout the weekend . The rain was constant but notcrazy heavy , winds were moderate -LRB- 10mph -RRB- . I would buy this jacket again .
 It was raining for days on end here in Florida and I needed a new rain jacket . I am a short woman and know I can fit into a boy 's x-large jacket . I was a little worried ordering this on line as sometimes , sizes can differ . And it fits me like a glove . It repelled the water great and it is comfy . I am very satisfied with this purchase and being a boys , it saved me some money too !
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 My son started Karate this past year and he is obsessed with moving up to each belt . He loves this kick box combo for practicing by himself and with his dad and me . It is an economical set for younger children . He is 8yrs old and it is perfect size for him . We bought my older son a WaveRunner years ago , and it was expensive . This combo is a great starter kit for younger children .
 Santa brought this set for our six year old daughter , who started karate this summer . It helps her focus her punches & get her kicks up higher . The blocker helps to keep her blocks strong & her guards up ! It works because she just received her green belt !
 Got this for my son for Christmas and he absolutley loves it !!! I would recommend this to any active child .
 I use these mostly to walk my dog when there is ice on the ground . I have had other shoe/boot spikes that fell off when walking . Be certain to order the correct size ; they are hard to pull onto the shoe or boot ... but , your effort is worth not falling on the ice !
 I am buying three more pairs ! The gentleman above who was slipping out of his pair probably bought the wrong size ! I have been able to walk down a steep hill covered in a sheet of ice with absolutely no problem - Snow , uneven chunks of ice , etc. . What a great product !!
 These are easy to put on and ensure that you wo n't slip on icy surfaces . Have tried others with the coils and have found that I 'm more apt to slip in those .
 I go walking every morning and these are easy to attach to my shoes and give me security and peace of mind from slipping when I 'm walking in the snow and ice .
 Bought these for my elderly dad who lives in cold , icy weather . He says they are amazing.I also live on a lot of ice in the winter and have a pair and would not want to live without them .
 I bought these for my husband for Christmas . We had a large ice storm just after I purchased them . They work very well . While I was sliding everywhere trying to clean off the car he was walking around with no problem whatsoever . I am going to have to purchase me a pair now .
 I purchased the Get-A-Grips after much research . I live in the snow belt of upstate NY and wanted to continue running through the winter season ... that lasts about 5 months here . This is the greatest invention . I put them on my running sneakers before putting my sneakers on . They are snug and do n't come off . I feel more secure running on the side of the road in the ice and snow and on sidewalks covered with ice and snow . Just have to be careful on the bare pavement because of the spikes . I give this product a 5 stars and you ca n't beat the price . Make sure to get the right size for your shoe . I 'm a 8 1/2 so I was in the middle of the small and medium . I figured getting the small would not fit right and the grip would possibly come off . The medium is the perfect size . Now I do n't have an excuse for not running during the winter ...
 Pros :1 . They work . Glare ice `` disappears '' -- with these on I walk on ice as if it were n't there -- no sense of slipperiness whatsoever . I bought them during a New England winter that featured fresh glare ice every morning and every evening . I was using ski-poles to navigate from the house to the barn and still feeling as if I could fall any moment -- and did , several times . Then I found these , and have n't fallen on the ice once while wearing them . With them on it 's hard to remember that ice is slippery ! 2 . They last . I 've worn them every winter for at least four or five years and have replaced a few spikes , but the rubber is still almost like new . To replace a spike , just pull out the old one and push in a new one .4 . They fold up and tuck into a small plastic bag so you can easily keep a pair in the car or in purse , brief case , or back-pack .5 . The spikes are designed to pull out if they get caught between rocks or in a crack in the sidewalk , so you do n't trip if that happens.Cons :1 . The first year or two they were kind of a pain to put on and off -- I ended up just keeping them on a pair of boots . -LRB- Much easier now , I do n't know whether I just got the hang of it or whether the rubber softened up a bit . -RRB- 2 . You can not wear these indoors ! The carbide spikes will grip your floor just as aggressively as they grip the ice -- not good for floors . Salt , sand , and ice-melt are death to floors and furniture , too -- so in icy , slippery weather , leave your outdoor foot gear in the boot tray at the door ! 3 . As another reviewer learned the hard way , do n't rely on these for extreme climbing situations , and if they begin to fail , do n't continue to rely on them . but for just plain getting around on the ice , these do the job and do it extremely well .4 . The spikes occasionally pop out and after a few years , wear down . Buy a set of spares when you buy the get-a-grips .5 . I 've never tested it out , but it 's apparently not a good idea to leave them on top of your bedroom dresser -- so take the guy 's word for it and do n't . I rinse mine off every now and then , fold them together with the spikes facing in , and tuck them into a zip-bag before stowing them.Summary -- I love these things -- now I buy them for gifts.UPDATE Dec 2012
 I have owned these since they first came on the market several years ago . My husband and I both keep them on a pair of old slip on shoes permanently . Since I purchased them neither of us has fallen on the ice . These old bodies do n't bounce very well . We have to walk about 500 ft to our mailbox , down a gravel drive and it can be treacherous.Yes , they are noisy on concrete , but for us they work great .
 Tulsa , Oklahoma , once known as the Oil Capital of the World , has recently become the Ice Capital of the World . Our winter weather is usually not full on snow , but `` wintry mix ' which translated from meteorologist-ese , means freezing rain , sleet , and perhaps flurries of snow for decoration . Days like these bring our city to a halt , closing schools , businesses , and making our streets , parking lots , and sidewalks impassable . I have fallen on ice twice as an adult , once fracturing my wrist . I thought if Ice Grips could provide me even a little traction , I 'd have a favorable view of them . I decided to buy a pair when I heard of a police officer who could actually run on ice wearing hers . I received mine in early January and had no occasion to use them until this week . An arctic storm moved in Monday which brought nearly a half inch of icy accumulation . My new Ice Grips met and exceeded my expectations . Not only did they truly provide no slip grip on the ice , they fit my shoes perfectly , and contrary to what another person had reported , did not scratch or mar my wood floor . The spikes are blunt on the ends and do n't seem to even have that potential . They smell a lot like tires when the package is first opened , but one use and a little airing cleaned that up . I have no criticism of the Ice Grips , just wish they were available for children .
 I 've used this product for several winters , mainly for running on icy streets . I 've also used them for walking and running on snow covered trails and slick packed snow . I 've never had any problems with tearing or coming off . They fit my shoe snugly , without a doubt . But they 've given me a sure-footedness that allows me to run on slick surfaces without worrying about slipping and falling .
 These get a grip are the best on the market I work for the United States Postal Service in upstate New York we have alot of ice all the time . I put these on when I leave the po and wear them all day and drive 55 miles with them on also . I can get out of my vehicle deliver a package to customers door and return to car in a split second -LRB- or 2 -RRB- I was asking around at the po where we could find these and some said they couldnt find them any where so I told them I would search for them so we could get newer ones . I have owned these for over 5 years I have never had to replace a spike . When I am done work sometimes I dont even take them off and I go shopping with them on people stop and ask me about them all the time . So far amazon has the best price we will all be ordering them . I am getting some for my dear mother in law for xmas she likes to get her own mail from her mail box but afraid to fall I have confidence that if she wears these she will be safe .
 The parking lot near my train station can get very icy in the winter . These really do grip the ice and prevent you from falling . For that alone , they 're worth it which is why I give them 4 stars . The downside is if you alternate between walking outside where there 's ice and inside , they will make noise and probably are n't very good on the floors . I have n't seen them do damage to any floors yet , but obviously they 're not intended for indoors at all . Their web site warns they may damage `` certain flooring surfaces '' , although they do n't specify which ones . They can be a bit difficult to fit around your shoe at first too , depending on the size of your shoe . Since they 're made primarily of rubber , just stretch it around the shoe . They should be a relatively tight fit so they do n't come off accidentally . When I do use them , I have been able to get them on my sneakers . The most important thing to me in the end , was that they do what they 're supposed to do , help prevent falling on the ice .
 A CUSTOM FIT AND LOOK TO MY BOAT . JUST RIGHT FOR THE STANDING/LEANING OR SITTING FISHERMAN . SMOOTH ROTATING AND CUSHIONED UP/DOWN MOTIONS . QUALITY CONSTRUCTION THAT WILL LAST . HAVE USED ON PREVIOUS BOATS AND KNOW THEY WILL HOLD UP FINE .
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 This line is about as thin as a hair and much stronger than the 1 lb test rating . If you need extreme stealth , or something that 's very strong for it 's diameter , this is your line .
 This insulated cooler bag replaced a picnic-sized insulated bag that had worn out . The capacity was much larger than I had expected -- at least as large as the bag that it replaced . My only complaint is that the zippers on the top cover are hard to work , especially at the turns in the bends .
 Bought for my husband who travels with a construction crew and must pack his lunch everyday . Product was just as described and is meeting his needs very well .
 Every home should have one . But I am a cooler freak.This was the size I did not have ; not too big , not too small .
 THE INSULATED COOLER WAS BIGGER THAN I EXPECTED AND IS STURDY ENOUGH TO CARRY MOREITEMS FOR MY OUTINGS.THE PRICE WAS JUST RIGHT.BILL
 Was a little surprised that it arrived folded ... as it is quite large . But it unfolded andis actually nice . It arrived on time .
 I purchased this bag for my fiance to take beers over to a friend 's house . What I did n't realize is how big the bag actually is . It works great if it 's full , but it 's not so great if it 's only half full . Definitely keeps things cold though - which is what a cooler is for .
 I am very pleased with this cooler bag . My husband runs a dozer for 12 hours a day and needed something to carry his drinks and lunch in that was sturdy . This bag has plenty of room for his 4 sodas -LRB- 24 oz ones -RRB- , a water , an icepack , snacks and his lunch with room to spare . Also , the pocket on the front is perfect for his wallet , phone , notebook , pens , etc. . It holds alot . He especially likes that it has a shoulder strap as well as a handle , putting it over his shoulder makes it easier to climb up onto the dozer -LRB- which is as big as a house -RRB- . The bags we have tried in the past always ripped at the seams or by the zipper . He has been using this bag for a few months now and I am very pleased to say it is very sturdy and well made and I would highly recommend it .
 Came quickly and works very well . It is big , bigger than the one we were replacing ; far too big for a couple bottles of wine , but fine for a picnic for four people . So far it 's sturdy and we use it maybe weekly .
 I 'm very please with it ; it 's made very well and has plenty of room for all I take for lunch and more .
 I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend . It arrived quickly and in great condition . I could n't be happier !
 This was a beautiful jersey at a very nice discounted price . It showed up on time and was exactly what I wanted .
 I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend . It arrived quickly and in great condition . I could n't be happier !
 This was a beautiful jersey at a very nice discounted price . It showed up on time and was exactly what I wanted .
 We bought this for Grandpa Merlin 's golf cart , that he uses daily to travel around town . The zipper did break after a few mos of use , but the company replaced it pronto -- so time will tell of the durability of this 2nd one , thus only 4 stars .
 This cover is really durable . It has stood up to the Florida Sun and salt-sea air , outdoors for over a year . It is priced right and most importantly-it lasts , and still looks great . I just hose it off now and then , and it 's ready to go . Did I mention it still looks great ? I 'd buy another one if this one ever wears out .
 Nice product . Only change I 'd make it to put some vents that can be opened near the top since it can get hot and muggy inside during summer days when being used on rainy days .
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 We spent 2 days of consistent rain during a recent cub scout event and thisjacket kept my son dry throughout the weekend . The rain was constant but notcrazy heavy , winds were moderate -LRB- 10mph -RRB- . I would buy this jacket again .
 It was raining for days on end here in Florida and I needed a new rain jacket . I am a short woman and know I can fit into a boy 's x-large jacket . I was a little worried ordering this on line as sometimes , sizes can differ . And it fits me like a glove . It repelled the water great and it is comfy . I am very satisfied with this purchase and being a boys , it saved me some money too !
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend . It arrived quickly and in great condition . I could n't be happier !
 This was a beautiful jersey at a very nice discounted price . It showed up on time and was exactly what I wanted .
 This product works great for me . It fits my car and bike just fine with my Yakima rack at 32 '' bar spacing . I 've used it with two different road bikes -LRB- one is a ` normal ' size , one a smaller size -RRB- and it worked great for both.I 'm not sure what the other reviewer was expecting out of this product . I would n't call any of the Yakima rack products extremely secure . If someone wanted to take my rack , they could pry the clips out and walk off with it . Also , all the rack bike mounts I 've seen use the tension between the fork and the skewer to secure the bike . Apply enough force and you can probably pull it out of the mount . I 'm never going to leave the bike on my car anyways , so it 's moot.It works great and the price is right . As long as your bar spacing is in the acceptable range , you 're fine .
 The Boa bike mount works great at holding the bike on to your roof-rack . The BOA securely holds the bike via front quick-release-type axle clamps -LRB- the type that holds your bike wheel -RRB- . You can add Yakima Lock-Cores to add some security but they are not required . Truth be told nothing is really theft proof , however the lock-cores will hold up while you take a nice break at a highway rest-area . Removing the front wheel is n't an issue if your bike has a quick release . It 's actually easier to lift your bike onto a car-roof without the added weight of a front wheel . If your car-system is compatible I recommend the BOA . It 's essentially the same as the yakima Copper head but without the rail , and the BOA costs a fraction of the price of the Copperhead . So same function , less money : - -RRB-
 I bought these because I use a long-tail cargo bike and racks with standard trays are n't long enough . This unit makes it so I can space them out and mount my cargo bike . Sturdy and easy to use . I took my bike long bike on a road trip and felt confident with it up on top .
 I was searching for a bike rack for my Jeep Patriot and the problem I had was that the majority of the bike roof racks only fit round cross-bars . We 'll I have square cross-bars and I did n't event want the whole sled that the bike mounting components sit on , so this took care of both of my problems.I bought it before the summer and I 'm just taking it off now in November . I used it probably 3-5 times a week with a heavy mountain bike and a light road bike . I usually have a 20 mile highway commute when going mountain biking and that never posed a problem when traveling 65-80 on the highway.I wish it came with a lock but I found a way to use a U-bar lock around my rear tire and the cross bar . If you are looking for something low-profile , reliable , and a heck of a lot cheaper then the others , this is your style ! I definitely recommend measuring your bike and your cross bars before buying just as the one comment on here recommends - I had to actually spread out my cross-bars to fit the length of my bikes .
 Nice product , easy to install , small , practical and cheap , you do n't need those large rials . I have the pair and will mount a thirth on one compact car roof
 I bought these racks for the price difference and size . They made it through a 1500 mile road trip without any problems . Completely satisfied
 Purchased the bike carrier and it arrived 4 days later with standard shipping . Had no problems attaching carrier to my Yakima roof rack in less than 15 minutes . Carried my bike on an extended vacation trip with NO issues . The bike carrier has performed exactly as I had hoped , and the price ca n't be beat ! I could n't be any happier or more satisfied .
 Quick and easy to attach and use . As safe as any bike rack.If they really want it they can get it . It is adjustable , but you do have to pay attention to the length of your bike and bars . Had/Have no problem with my disc brakes being in the way of this front mount . Worth the $ 55.00 and free Amazon shipping .
 These shirts run a bit big , so consider getting 1 size down if you are on the cusp of the smaller size anyway . Thick , high-quality product .
 Great belt buckle ! Fast shipping ! Looks exactly like it did in the picutre . Thanks !
 Great little belt buckle I wear it every weekend . I love this belt buckle but I do wish it was a little bigger . I will be looking for one like it but bigger in the near future .
 My father is a fellow mason and he enjoyed this buckle very much . Thank you for a great product .
 I 've had this backpack since 2005 . It served as both my college pack , my hiking daypack , my hunting pack , and I took it on a couple warm-weather overnighters as well . My wife uses it now -LRB- she 's still in school -RRB- , and it has nary a tear or mark on it , despite the rather harsh environments it 's been in.Things I like :1 -RRB- The laptop pouch can hold some really big laptops or a 1-gallon water bladder . There 's a hook and opening near the top to allow you to hook a bag on and run a bite valve to it . If you carry a laptop , it can handle nearly anything . I 've carried a few small laptops -LRB- Dell C640 , Toshiba Portege M100 , Panasonc CF-73 -RRB- in there , as well as a few behemoths -LRB- Dell C840 - Dell 's three-spindle laptop - and an Itronix GoBook III -RRB- . The Itronix was a bit of a tight fit . Unless you 're going to be putting in a 17 '' laptop , anything else should fit .2 -RRB- D-links and attachment points abound . I had plenty of places to hook my water bottle , pocket knife , flashlight , and all the other various goodies I like to keep within easy reach . Good attachments on both back and front .3 -RRB- Good sewing . When a pack is stuffed to the gills , it 's nice to know that a zipper is n't going to pop . I 've had over 50 pounds inside this bag -LRB- I was the water mule for a trip -RRB- and it handled it fine . Never skips zipper links or bursts a zipper .4 -RRB- Lots of pockets that are , for the most part , water proof . Some are obviously student-oriented and have things like pencil loops and the like .5 -RRB- Good webbing . Has a hip belt , chest belt , regular two shoulder straps , compression straps , and strap loops on the bottom , allowing you to carry a sleeping bag or tent . Also has two water-bottle pockets on the sides that are webbed . Like I said above , there 's always a belt to hook something on . Hip belt is really strong , which is nice for such a small pack , and thick enough to hold the holster for my backcountry pistol , which keeps me from having to keep it stuffed in a fanny pack.Things I did n't like :1 -RRB- Hip belt clasp broke after a relatively minor impact . It 's just injection-molded plastic , I know , but they could have gone with a higher grade . At least something more impact-resistant .2 -RRB- No extras with the pack . No water bladder , no spare straps for the loops at the bottom . Advertising material said it came with a cell phone holder , but I did n't get anything like that with mine.Those are arguably very minor complaints . Considering that a regular Jansport goes for $ 20 - $ 30 and these can be found for $ 55 - $ 65 and will last far longer , hold more , and protect it better , it 's a good investment .
 when I first saw the price of this pack I was a lil disgruntled but I bit the Bullet and bought it anyways . Best backpack so far , Plenty of room for all of my stuff whether it be for school , hiking or just biking around the city . Not only does it have compartments for everything but it has some hidden extras that some of those who bought this bag may not be aware of . the waist straps can tuck in to the lil side pockets kind of like a hole that was not stitched there all the way . The other hidden gem is the chest strap has a lil whistle that can be used if your lost in the woods and people are trying to find you . It 's plenty loud as well . just some additional added features that the product description does not tell you . It is also a very durable material that takes allot to tear . Overall I ' l glad I spent the extra money for this bag .
 My complaint about this pack is that the shoulder straps are a bit wide and very stiff -- no problem if you have a larger frame , but I am fairly small , with narrow shoulders , and I had to return the pack because the straps were so unyielding.Everything else about the design of the pack is excellent , and I have n't yet found a good replacement . I 'm hoping that North face will make a women 's version available .
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 I use these mostly to walk my dog when there is ice on the ground . I have had other shoe/boot spikes that fell off when walking . Be certain to order the correct size ; they are hard to pull onto the shoe or boot ... but , your effort is worth not falling on the ice !
 I am buying three more pairs ! The gentleman above who was slipping out of his pair probably bought the wrong size ! I have been able to walk down a steep hill covered in a sheet of ice with absolutely no problem - Snow , uneven chunks of ice , etc. . What a great product !!
 I go walking every morning and these are easy to attach to my shoes and give me security and peace of mind from slipping when I 'm walking in the snow and ice .
 Bought these for my elderly dad who lives in cold , icy weather . He says they are amazing.I also live on a lot of ice in the winter and have a pair and would not want to live without them .
 I bought these for my husband for Christmas . We had a large ice storm just after I purchased them . They work very well . While I was sliding everywhere trying to clean off the car he was walking around with no problem whatsoever . I am going to have to purchase me a pair now .
 I purchased the Get-A-Grips after much research . I live in the snow belt of upstate NY and wanted to continue running through the winter season ... that lasts about 5 months here . This is the greatest invention . I put them on my running sneakers before putting my sneakers on . They are snug and do n't come off . I feel more secure running on the side of the road in the ice and snow and on sidewalks covered with ice and snow . Just have to be careful on the bare pavement because of the spikes . I give this product a 5 stars and you ca n't beat the price . Make sure to get the right size for your shoe . I 'm a 8 1/2 so I was in the middle of the small and medium . I figured getting the small would not fit right and the grip would possibly come off . The medium is the perfect size . Now I do n't have an excuse for not running during the winter ...
 Pros :1 . They work . Glare ice `` disappears '' -- with these on I walk on ice as if it were n't there -- no sense of slipperiness whatsoever . I bought them during a New England winter that featured fresh glare ice every morning and every evening . I was using ski-poles to navigate from the house to the barn and still feeling as if I could fall any moment -- and did , several times . Then I found these , and have n't fallen on the ice once while wearing them . With them on it 's hard to remember that ice is slippery ! 2 . They last . I 've worn them every winter for at least four or five years and have replaced a few spikes , but the rubber is still almost like new . To replace a spike , just pull out the old one and push in a new one .4 . They fold up and tuck into a small plastic bag so you can easily keep a pair in the car or in purse , brief case , or back-pack .5 . The spikes are designed to pull out if they get caught between rocks or in a crack in the sidewalk , so you do n't trip if that happens.Cons :1 . The first year or two they were kind of a pain to put on and off -- I ended up just keeping them on a pair of boots . -LRB- Much easier now , I do n't know whether I just got the hang of it or whether the rubber softened up a bit . -RRB- 2 . You can not wear these indoors ! The carbide spikes will grip your floor just as aggressively as they grip the ice -- not good for floors . Salt , sand , and ice-melt are death to floors and furniture , too -- so in icy , slippery weather , leave your outdoor foot gear in the boot tray at the door ! 3 . As another reviewer learned the hard way , do n't rely on these for extreme climbing situations , and if they begin to fail , do n't continue to rely on them . but for just plain getting around on the ice , these do the job and do it extremely well .4 . The spikes occasionally pop out and after a few years , wear down . Buy a set of spares when you buy the get-a-grips .5 . I 've never tested it out , but it 's apparently not a good idea to leave them on top of your bedroom dresser -- so take the guy 's word for it and do n't . I rinse mine off every now and then , fold them together with the spikes facing in , and tuck them into a zip-bag before stowing them.Summary -- I love these things -- now I buy them for gifts.UPDATE Dec 2012
 I have owned these since they first came on the market several years ago . My husband and I both keep them on a pair of old slip on shoes permanently . Since I purchased them neither of us has fallen on the ice . These old bodies do n't bounce very well . We have to walk about 500 ft to our mailbox , down a gravel drive and it can be treacherous.Yes , they are noisy on concrete , but for us they work great .
 Tulsa , Oklahoma , once known as the Oil Capital of the World , has recently become the Ice Capital of the World . Our winter weather is usually not full on snow , but `` wintry mix ' which translated from meteorologist-ese , means freezing rain , sleet , and perhaps flurries of snow for decoration . Days like these bring our city to a halt , closing schools , businesses , and making our streets , parking lots , and sidewalks impassable . I have fallen on ice twice as an adult , once fracturing my wrist . I thought if Ice Grips could provide me even a little traction , I 'd have a favorable view of them . I decided to buy a pair when I heard of a police officer who could actually run on ice wearing hers . I received mine in early January and had no occasion to use them until this week . An arctic storm moved in Monday which brought nearly a half inch of icy accumulation . My new Ice Grips met and exceeded my expectations . Not only did they truly provide no slip grip on the ice , they fit my shoes perfectly , and contrary to what another person had reported , did not scratch or mar my wood floor . The spikes are blunt on the ends and do n't seem to even have that potential . They smell a lot like tires when the package is first opened , but one use and a little airing cleaned that up . I have no criticism of the Ice Grips , just wish they were available for children .
 I 've used this product for several winters , mainly for running on icy streets . I 've also used them for walking and running on snow covered trails and slick packed snow . I 've never had any problems with tearing or coming off . They fit my shoe snugly , without a doubt . But they 've given me a sure-footedness that allows me to run on slick surfaces without worrying about slipping and falling .
 These get a grip are the best on the market I work for the United States Postal Service in upstate New York we have alot of ice all the time . I put these on when I leave the po and wear them all day and drive 55 miles with them on also . I can get out of my vehicle deliver a package to customers door and return to car in a split second -LRB- or 2 -RRB- I was asking around at the po where we could find these and some said they couldnt find them any where so I told them I would search for them so we could get newer ones . I have owned these for over 5 years I have never had to replace a spike . When I am done work sometimes I dont even take them off and I go shopping with them on people stop and ask me about them all the time . So far amazon has the best price we will all be ordering them . I am getting some for my dear mother in law for xmas she likes to get her own mail from her mail box but afraid to fall I have confidence that if she wears these she will be safe .
 The parking lot near my train station can get very icy in the winter . These really do grip the ice and prevent you from falling . For that alone , they 're worth it which is why I give them 4 stars . The downside is if you alternate between walking outside where there 's ice and inside , they will make noise and probably are n't very good on the floors . I have n't seen them do damage to any floors yet , but obviously they 're not intended for indoors at all . Their web site warns they may damage `` certain flooring surfaces '' , although they do n't specify which ones . They can be a bit difficult to fit around your shoe at first too , depending on the size of your shoe . Since they 're made primarily of rubber , just stretch it around the shoe . They should be a relatively tight fit so they do n't come off accidentally . When I do use them , I have been able to get them on my sneakers . The most important thing to me in the end , was that they do what they 're supposed to do , help prevent falling on the ice .
 this was bought to be a collectable not a toy . it came as described and came in good conditon . it also came on time .
 Initially saw these when shopping for replacement `` street tires '' and decided to purchase . Free shipping was also an enticement ! Majority of the use on the BMX type bike has been on the street of this and the neighboring cul-de-sac . Threadwear has not been noticeable and there have been positive comments about the visibility of the tires and rider during the day . The bike frame itself is of an orange/yellow color so also may contribute to being highly visible . I can not comment on the nighttime quality as the bike is not allowed out after dusk . Both tires were R & R as a DIY by myself and balancing was not required .
 This line is about as thin as a hair and much stronger than the 1 lb test rating . If you need extreme stealth , or something that 's very strong for it 's diameter , this is your line .
 A great little bike computer if you do not mind that it is wired . Holds mountains for ride data , and is very reliable . The mount and sensor kit wears but that is about it . I am only looking to change my sensor after nearly 9 years so a real bargain
 Easy to install on rack and easy mount wheel in fork . Unless the clamps are really tight , it tends to tilt back on the roof . I may try to use shims made of old inner tube between the bar and the clamps .
 The only issue I have is due to they Yakima round bars . One either has to cinch this really tight on the bars or , as I did , add a strip of duct tape to the bar for this to grab on to . It will rotate easily if you do not do so . As a bonus , the strip of duct tape I have is also used to indicate which bar goes in the front of the car and which goes in the back .
 I purchased two of these mounts for the sole purpose of freeing up more space in my Mini . I had read several reviews about them prior to my purchase so I knew what I was getting myself if for . If you are just cruising around town then the forks , when holding a wheel , will remain up right . However if you venture further up on your speedometer the racks will start to lean back . The wheels fits securely in the mount and I have no fear of it coming loose . Make sure that when you first place it in the mount that the tire sits right in the middle . If it is off just a bit the wind will start to shake the wheel side to side . I have enjoyed this product and use it almost daily .
 Okay , some people out there have the following complaints : * It was too hard to put the wheel on , * The safety knuckles make it impossible to put the wheel on , * The retention device broke , and/or * The mount spun around and dented my roof.First , RTFM . It will make your life easier . After that : * Push down on the wheel while closing the QR lever . I 've seriously never had a problem doing this . * On more than one occasion , I 've seen the safety knuckles save some very expensive wheels . The QR levers screw in and out to adjust them . If you ca n't figure it out , visit your local bike shop . * I 've put wheels from 24 '' roadies to gnarly MTB setups to 700c disks on these . Never a broken retention device . Mine are mounted facing up because wheels tend to rotate backwards ... * Mount the wheel vertically , then rotate it back until it 's gently touching the roof of your car . Because of the retention device , it wo n't scratch your paint .
 Works just as expected , mounts easily to Yakima rack . I have 650C wheels and it works fine with that as well .
 `` Get Ripped '' is a great workout . However , the picture quality is lacking I guess because it came out several years ago . The exercises can get a little tough and I find this series to be just as effective and challenging as Billy 's newer workouts that involve using the bands or the bar .
 I was a bit skeptical about trying Taebo , but after seeing the results it gave my boyfriend , I had to try it . I must say that I am a bit disappointed in the instructional video . It moves slow enough for you to learn the moves , but I do n't feel like they spend enough time explaining the positioning for the whole body during each move . For instance , when you are doing punches they do n't explain how your lower body should be positioned , when they are discussing kicks they do n't describe how you should position your upper body . It took me about a week to get the hang of things . It is important that if you are trying this for the first time to not get discouraged and quit . You can get it , it just takes some time . I have only used the first DVD so far but even these basic level exercises kick my butt ! I would definitely recommend this for busy people who want to get a great , effective workout in the comfort of their home .
 The first time I did this DVD I could not finish it . It is really intense . . only for the people who are serious about fitness .
 This is great for an entire body workout . Perfect for beginners to get a very good workout , and each session works well with my time to workout .
 I really like Taebo . It is a high intense kickboxing workout . It will get you going ! If you are really in to working out I recommend this for some change in your cardio !
 I 've been dissapointed with a few of Billy 's DVD 's . The two Funk dancing ones were worthless to me . I 'm also not that thrilled with the DVD 's that require the toys . Bands , Amplifier bars , other junk . They may help slightly , but I do n't like them . I have a difficult time working up any amount of sweat with the Amped searies . Now for THIS one . This one is Tough , and I like that . This is not for a beginner , because if you are , you will do it the first time , and then You will wake up the next morning with every possible excuse you can imagine to not do it again this day . That 's because it is tough , and if you are totally out of shape , your muscles will hurt the next morning . You should n't start an exercise program with something that is going to hurt all of your muscles and pretty much everything else . If you are a beginner , this set will do just that . You probably will not continue the program . Start with something easier , and then get into this one . It was tough to complete from end to end . I work out 6 days a week , and although I did make it through the first time , I had to fight to do so . It 's very good , but very tough .
 Ive been doing Tae Bo for about 9 years now and the get ripped workouts are my favorite so far.I do think the shorter workouts are fruitless , I wish the 30 min . workouts could be as advanced as the 50 min . for days when you are short on time , but they are much much easier and just sit on the shelf . And honestly who gets a good workout in 10 minutes that is just silly . But perhaps if you are totally new to exercise or Tae Bo the 30 min . workout is a perfect place to begin.That said , the two 50 min . workouts are amazing . When I first started this particular Tae Bo set I actually had to pause it a few times to walk in place and catch my breath . The great thing about it is that now that I have been doing it so consistently I get through them just fine and can focus more on form and can really push myself and get my heart beating because I am working out hard , not because I am out of breath and flailing around like in the beginning . You really will see and feel improvement ! The moves are simple and easy to follow yet challenging . I love my body and it is all because of Tae Bo . The workouts are hard but they make you feel so wonderful.Now for those whom this might matter to , sometimes the workout is not even on both sides , he gets wound up coaching someone or talking sometimes and either loses track of how many reps were done or skips a move on the other side altogether . So he might say two more sets and only do one , or actually do three or more . It is n't perfectly executed and there are little issues that may bother you , like for me it is n't very motivational when the people in the video are constantly stopping for water or ca n't make it through a move , but once you do the video enough you rarely have to even look at the tv . Billy Blanks is very motivational and you feel good when you are done . These issues are so minor and the workout really is so good they wont bother you much anyway . I 've been doing these same two workouts regularly for a few years and they still get me going . I mix it up with The firm -LRB- Allison Davis -RRB- - the bootcamp one , and pilates -LRB- ana caban -RRB- now but for years it was only Tae Bo , they really are great try it .
 Bill is my Hero !! He has gotten me moving ... off the couch and moving . Hurting in a good way . All I can say is that I love working out with him . Its not easy but well worth it .
 I also own the Boot Camp Series and am glad I bought these as well . The `` Get Ripped '' series gives you a really good variety of workouts . From the slow and easy to blazing intensity . Honestly , I love the basic workouts because 30 minutes is sometimes all I want to spend . The advanced workouts are great when I need to punish myself for some indulging.This series of videos is core Tae Bo . No Frills or gadgets . Billy grabs you after a 5 minute warm up , and makes you go warp speed for the next 45 . These videos are a great off set to the strength training in boot camp , and definitly leave your body exausted .
 I have lost 8 pounds in six days . This is an awesome video with great sound and works strong at an incredible pace to get you pumped and sweaty and you just pop off the pounds and inches . Billy keeps a friendly environment and keeps you going for the workout . It comes with 8 workouts and I 'm still on the 30 minute basic workout which gets me sweating like crazy and feeling great about myself.I do one workout once a day and i have lost 5 inches and 8 pounds . This video saved my life . No joke -- buy this video . TAE-BO !!!
 2 dvd set has 6 workouts total . 2 travel workouts under 10 minutes each , 2 basic 30 minute workouts , and 2 advanced 40 minute workouts . If I do the basic 30 workout , I will usually do the 10 minute along with it . Its just too easy for me , and its most of the same tae bo moves we 've been doing for year . Truth be told the basic workouts are just not challenging enough , so I 'm a bit disappointed in them . I 'll do them for a change of routine on days I 'm a bit tired . Now let 's get to the advanced workout
 There is no easy way to get in shape other than to GET OFF THE COUCH ! I have been doing tae-bo for about 6 years . His technique , his energy and fabulous class in the background is the perfect motivation for ANYONE ! You will see results very , very quickly . There is no way you can do this workout and not see the changes that will result in a very short period of time ! Billy Blanks keeps you energized , enthused and entertained ! And this DVD set is awesome with 2 basic workouts and 2 advanced workouts - so it is PERFECT for the beginner , or a TAE-BO alum ! I HIGHLY recommend Getting Ripped to anyone that is serious about changing their bodies ...
 I am pretty familiar with Billy Blanks workouts . I own three of his other videos and enjoy working out with him . I wanted to switch it up a little and had read the great reviews on this one so I thought I would try it out . The basic workouts are tough but still do-able . Both very good workouts . NOw on the other hand , the advanced workouts on this set are KILLER !! I believe they are 55 minutes long and both times I tried them could only get through about 30-35 minutes of it . And even then I struggled . They are definitely for the advanced person . If you want something fast paced that will have you drenched in sweat and feeling the results that very same day , then give this a shot . It 's an awesome workout !!!
 If you 're already in shape , do n't be fooled into thinking this video will be easy ! I run and work out on an elliptical trainer 3-4 times a week and consider myself in darn good shape . Trying these Tae Bo workouts make me feel completely out of shape and uncoordinated . The balance required is pretty significant as well as the ability to keep up with the fast paced moves . I 'm looking forward to mastering even the Basic workouts to see what the Advanced levels have in store .
 I really like this DVD . It 's great for people just learning Tae Bo . I had no idea what I was doing and was a little worried it would be hard or I 'd get lost because I did n't know the moves , but it has 3 levels all in 1 set . It teaches you the basics , has a beginner , and then advanced workouts . It 's great and works up a good sweat . You will definitely feel the burn the next day .
 I have n't ventured to advanced yet , -LRB- I 'm sure it 's hard ! -RRB- but I found the 2 basic ones to be perfect . Basic 1 is more standing , working all parts but focusing on upper body and basic 2 is more on the floor focusing on your glutes and abs . I 'm somewhat in shape but I still found the basic discs to be challenging yet still doable . I 'm a tad sore from the basic 2 so I know that it is working . I love tae bo , it is the only exercize regiment where I get real results . This is a great disc set to start your tae bo collection or to add on .
 I bought these DVDs years ago and recenly dusted them off . Wow . I 'd forgotten what a great workout Billy Blanks put together . It definitely gets the heart pumping , and all the kicks and punches really workout the arms and legs . I 've recommended the Tae Bo workouts to friends and family over the years , but it 's probably not for beginners .
 I enjoyed this video . I tried out the 1st Advanced workout a couple times and ca n't ever make it through the whole thing , but the basic workouts do it enough for me . I 'll eventually get to the point where I can make it all the way through 1 advanced workout . Make sure you have time and patience for the workouts on the 2nd disc -LRB- except for the 8 minute workout , all you need is leg strength and stamina , lots of stamina -RRB- . Best part about TaeBo , no excercise equipment needed .
 My first receipt of this item was a defective unit . Customer service could not have been friendlier and more helpful ! Upon receiving a replacement item I immediately mounted the unit on my Glock 27 . It fit perfectly -LRB- like a glove -RRB- and mounted solidly in about 2 minutes . The sight functions exactly as described by the maufacturer . Activation could n't be easier ! I have not yet gone to the range but I ca n't imagine the unit loosening , especially with the use of the recommended tiny bit of locktite on the mounting screws.Great product , great company !
 There are several versions of this laser -LRB- SB1 , SB3 , SB5 , SB6 -RRB- and they all work the same . While reviews for this SB5 are mixed , take a look at the other models here on Amazon.I really like how this enhances my sight picture with my Glock 26 . It also will fit other pistols . This thing is reliable , sturdy and holds up very well.Highly recommended .
 i love this hoody . the piping gives it a little point of difference from the standard adidas trefoil hoodies , but it still has that ` old skool ' kinda thing.gotta say though , that this hoody is brown just as it appears in the picture - perhaps that is what ` turf grey ' means ?
 It 's the first time that I see this style , and I loved it . As usual , I got it fast.Highly recommended !!
 yep - when you get stuck you can push yourself out with this pole - yep .
 Perhaps it is just my body type , but I have found the suit quite comfortable -LRB- compared to my other suits -RRB- . I did a few ocean diving trips with it , as well as a lot of use at the lake cabin , and it looks to be holding up very well as well . I have a few snags on the fabric from velcro , but that is about it .
 See the ` Hunters Specialties Push Pole Foot ' for a real picture of this item.Bottom line , this item works great for its intended purpose.I used this item at the end of a cane walking stick for tromping in the swamps of southern NJ . A normal walking stick just sinks into the muck . This Marsh Foot did the trick , but with modifications :1 -RRB- I cut the marsh foot in half since I did n't need such a big footprint for a walking stick2 -RRB- I glued a neoprene booty over the top of the marsh foot so it would n't snag on roots when the walking stick was pulled back up from the muck.The neoprene booty had the additional advantage of protecting my leg against the sharp edges of the marsh foot during normal walking / hiking .
 Very nice shirt . The only problem would be that I ordered a medium , but the medium size resembled what a large would be . Otherwise , I like the shirt .
 great cooler . looks perfect on out new deck . all my friends want one too .
 Very handy and nice conversation piece at parties ... functional ... loved the design with the drain etc. . Bottle opener did not work and is been replaced ... good after-sales service
 The cooler was a gift for my son and his wife . They entertain frequently on their deck . It is large and convenient . It looks very nice and keeps the contents cold . The only issue was the lid . When lifting a half -LRB- as designed -RRB- there is a catch that seems out of place . It could be smoother . But on the whole they like it and I am pleased with the purchase .
 There is plenty of room inside the cooler . It was very fast and easy to assemble and it keeps ice in a frozen state for several days !
 Beautiful cooler . I like the fact that the top comes off so easy . It makes it quick and easy to clean . Only down side is the legs are a little flimsy .
 I have used this product for more than 6 months and it does its job well . It has protected my helmet from dusty conditions of several tack rooms and an indoor ring with dust flying around all day.The material seems to be of high quality , but one of the zippers was stuck the first day of use . Luckily there are 2 zippers , but if you have a larger hunt helmet you may have to squeeze it in this bag . I have a Troxel show hunt helmet that is several years old and is not low profile so it is a larger helmet . It fits , but it took a bit of wiggling around the first time I put it in the bag . If you have a smaller helmet it may not be an issue for you . The outside zipper pouch was perfect for my cell phone and riding gloves.Overall this was a great purchase , though I wish both zippers worked .
 If you are famaliar with Mountian smith you mite compare this with a Dana Designs or something similiar . It holds up well under the comparison , and fit well was light and easy to use from day one . It has held up well and is large enough for all my stuff . I love it !
 Every time I wear this someone compliments me on it . It is cute and comfy .
 This is a great little Zippo holder , unless your a ; Mechanic , Plumber , or any one who works on the ground or in tight spaces it is not made out of good enough plastic . If you do just get a leather one , if you do n't this is a great product . Also would n't suggest this for a heavy smoker , the tab on top will brake after a few months of use . One more thing , it will scuff the top of the lighter so do n't use your rare or collective Zippos .
 This little piece of plastic is one of the neatest ideas zippo has come up with . I like it even better than the zippo leather pouch and so did all of my friends .
 convienient , stayed on my belt clip , pants , easily accessible . i love the product and use it frequently . has not broken and shows no signs of wearing any time soon .
 Very nice once you figure out just how to get your lighter off of it without a trouble . Come off side way as you push the clip
 a must have if you use your Zippo daily i was a bit nervous because of the price point but i quickly found i could not live without it so much better that i could have expected
 The product is convenient and nice , however , the materials used to make the clip are not durable and it will break eventually .
 Zippo at its finest , this clip is absolutely perfect for the one who needs their zippo but also needs the pocket space , i would trust it anywhere !
 very good product and the timely arrival original recommend everyone buy the product to enjoy a good piece to wear thanks greetings
 This is a very nice watch and my daughter loves it ! This watch is stylish and rugged . Too many feature to mention and they all work as advertised . Ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I received this as a gift from my husband.He was told that this is the perfect watch for people who are tough on their watches and need something sturdy . I love the Baby G as well as my G-Shock . The only problem is with this `` jelly '' version . It got filthy under the face where you can see through and it is difficult to clean -LRB- you have to take the watch apart -RRB- . Also , the color faded everywhere on the watch from the great light pink to a coral/peachy color : -LRB- However , I have two other watches that are n't see through and I love them !
 It is a great watch . It is exactly as discribed and there shipping was very fast
 My main complaint with this watch is how quickly the nice pink color faded.Within a couple of months , probably due to chlorine in the pool , it faded to a dirty grey-ish pink tone.I was disappointed that this would happen with a watch meant for the water .
 My girlfriend wanted a pink sports watch . So I 'm also happy Casio makes a great baby-g in pink . She wears it to college and work . Quick delivery and good service . No complaints so far . Good job Casio !
 This is my third watch by baby-g , I love them . The watch lasts forever , my only complaint would be that mold sometimes grows under the face of the band , and the band is n't as strong as the watch ... but my first watch I 've had for going on 8 years and it still works and I have not had to change the battery on it !!
 Great product ... looks just like a picture . It 's not as big as you may think , I was worried about that . Lots of different capabilities , I was a little overwhelmed when I got the watch . But after a few days , you have it all figured out . Good directions . Definitely a good buy .
 This item was also an awesome gift for Christmas from my husband ... It arrived on time and is lovely .
 I absolutely LOVE LOVE this watch . I get so many compliments on it !! I have been everywhere in this watch and just keeps ticking . I have been in rives , oceans , pools , and everywhere else ... it keeps going . Changing the time on it can be tricky though , but I always figure it out . I would buy this watch again & again !
 This watch has been a great addition to my life . It provides all one needs in a watch , plus ... it 's cute . I was also quite pleased with the service on my order . I can always count on Amazon to provide the best customer care . Thanks .
 This is a nice watch for a tween or older . Cute and stylish . Great price Amazon !
 The pink color shows up differently on my monitor and I was a little concerned after I received it in the mail.I ended up loving the watch . It has gotten a compliment , too . It 's a fun , attractive , easy to read watch and there are many options with it . I did have trouble changing the time - I set it to Japanese time by accident - but those types of tasks are not my forte . It was easy enough for my fiance to fix . I do n't regret buying this watch at all , I love wearing it .
 Bought this watch a few weeks ago and it is perfect for someone who travels alot . The world clock is fantastic , and I can wear it swimming .
 I guess my friend likes it , her little girl loves the dolphin -LRB- which appears every 30 seconds -RRB- . A girlie watch .
 This watch is so cute ! It goes perfect with my scrubs . All of my coworkers have complemented it . I have n't figured out how to use all the extra features -LRB- there are a lot -RRB- , but I just need it for the time and the seconds .
 Great product , and it was shipped really fast to my house .
 I needed a watch with a stopwatch built in to help me keep track of my times . I 'm running a half-marathon in December . This watch has been fabulous !! I love the color and the features that are built into the watch . I have a 16 month old niece and everytime she sees it I have to put it on her . I 'm thinking of getting her one as well -LRB- except cheaper of course -RRB- . This watch is amazing and so worth the price . I ca n't wait to show it off at the marathon !! YOU WILL LOVE THIS WATCH !!
 I 've had five Casio Baby G chronographs in five colors . I bought them in 2002 . I use them daily for running and as watches when wearing sport clothes . NONE of the batteries have died yet & they are a great way to record time -LRB- running , walking , housework , whatever -RRB- and still have a girly feel to it . They are water resistant & I 've worn all of mine in the shower & in the pool . Great watches.Highly recommend .
 This is a great fun watch for both young and old . I am enjoying the color and have received several compliments . It is a little tricky to set at first , but once you get the hang of it , it is fine .
 Great , Love it !!!! I run with it every morning keeps me on track with the stopwatch
 Bought this for my 9yr old daughter . It has a lot of cool , cute features . The color pink is verty pretty . She loves it !
 I bought three of these watches and for the holidays to give as gifts . They were a hit . Everyone loved the way they look . These watches are easy to use and setup .
 All in all , it 's an okay watch . Most people my wife showed it to like it because of the pink color . The only thing I would like to see is a similarly styled watch using Casio 's wave ceptor and tough solar format . The wave ceptor uses daily radiowaves to set the time , and having solar power means the battery wo n't need to be replaced . Having to replace a Casio watch battery can be a challenge , since there is a special way it has to be done or else it wo n't work right .
 Hello , this is an awesome watch . I currently have 6 Baby G 's in various colors . They are trendy and useful . They are usually higher , -LRB- between $ 80-100 -RRB- These are awesome prices .
 I love this watch . You can switch from military time to regular time by pushing one button . I have received several compliments from co-workers . Very pretty .
 ... for those who already bought this watch.Recently I ordered BG watch and I received the small version of Baby G , but I wanted the sports watch with a litter bigger screen.Is this one `` the large one '' or a small one for little hands ? : -RRB- Can anybody measure the screen , because I dont want to order another exactly like the previous one.I am from Slovenia and BG watches are here very expensive.Thank you very much .
 I bought this watch as a Christmass gift yet I have n't given to this girl who I 'm too shy to let her know of my attraction . Anyhow I still have it and it 's very nice . I also bought the mens Pathfinder and I 'm happy with both .
 I 've only been wearing it for 2 days so far , but this watch has made it through two days gardening and banging around handwashing dishes no problem . I really like that this watch feels heavy-duty . I am no longer worried about dropping my watch or forgeting it 's on when I jump in the shower . I am a big Disney fan and have bought countless watches disney themed only to be buying a new watch a few months down the road . I do n't do much sporty stuff , but I needed a watch that was n't gon na kick the bucket a few months down the road . As somebody else stated on the blue version of this watch , the color in the pictures are n't true to what the color actually is . The band is alot more sub-dued in color , kinda like a lavender/gray color see through jelly band , very pretty and more adult like than other sport watches with color on them . It does take a bit getting use to have a big face on the watch for me , but if it stays alive for me , I 'll deal -LRB- I prefer more petite watches -RRB- . If anything happens to it , I 'll revise my review . : -RRB-
 It 's bigger than the average women 's watch and very well made . It has a lot of neat features . Besides telling time and showing the date , it can store up to 20 phone numbers or other important info . It 's a stopwatch , an alarm clock , and a world timekeeper . It also has a blue backlight and an hourly time signal . I love this watch .
 I like this watch . It is lightweight and comfortable , and does not feel bulky . The color is light enough that I can wear it in a format work setting and feel good . I gave it 4 stars only because the databank pages do n't seem to automatically sort themselves into alphabetic format , remaining in the random order in which they were entered . Also , there are only 20 data pages , and I would have preferred 30 . Otherwise , it is easy to program and the electro-illuminescent back-light is great .
 Bought this watch for the girlfriend . She leads a very active lifestyle and this watch is perfect for her . It 's lady-like , but super tough . And it tells time . Very little more you can ask for in a watch . Definitely recommend this watch . The one thing to keep in mind is that its a little on the large side , so if you want a dainty little watch , this is not it . Other than that , its fabulous .
 Much better then I expected . The watch I recieved looks quite different from the watch shown . It has a clear face instead of a purple one , also like others said the color is much more sub-dued then in the picture.This is my first day wearing it and so far so good , I was very glad to have an alarm that is loud enough to wake someone like myself up.The watch is a bit bulky if you are not used to wearing sport watches , though I am already getting used to it and loving it .
 Not a bad watch for the price . I have a small wrist , and the band seems to be a bit uncomfortable when I adjust it to size -LRB- the plastic is quite stiff and hits my wrist a bit awkwardly -RRB- . I use it when I scuba , snorkel , swim ... I can see it quite well under water . The buttons are fairly easy to use once you know where they are and what they do . I would buy it again ...
 Had this watch for over a year now and its still going strong and looking good . Color is VERY light purple ; much lighter than picture . Love the chunky , heavy feel to it . Glass face is still in pristine condition thanks to the rubber `` bumpers . '' I use the alarm and running mode features , and also have several time zones programmed in . Some dirt does get trapped under the bumpers and around white buttons . But would DEFINITELY BUY THIS WATCH AGAIN . Plan on ordering another in a different color .
 i am very satisfied with this product . it was a gift and arrived in a timely manner .
 I love this watch this is the second one . The last one I bought 2 1/2 years ago and the battery started to go so I ordered a new one and so far so good . The only down side is that you really need to keep the instruction book .
 This is a great watch . I wear it or one of the other two that I own everyday for work and play . It keeps great time and after a lot of searching , I found the BEST price on Amazon . I paid easily half price for this watch that still appears on the G-Shock website at full price . I 'll always look at Amazon first .
 Love this watch . I 'm an E.R. RN and this is my work watch . Wears well despite body fluid splashes , banging it on equipment , etc. . . My only grievances are
 Bought it for my daughter -LRB- 11 -RRB- . She simply loved it ! Sturdy though elegant , is very easy to use and looks very durable . Great purchase .
 I really like this watch . I like the sporty look . Very easy to set-up . I love the world clock feature . I got the watch right before a trip to Europe . So great to have the London & Rome time zones just a few clicks away versus constantly resetting my watch manually ... and easy reference to multiple time zones . I used the Alarm feature as well on my trip - very easy as it requests time zone info as well . Have used the stop watch on my runs - once again easy . I had to be careful on my last watch - as I 'd accidentally reset the time at the end of a run because the stop & reset were the same button . No fear of resetting as this one as start/stop & reset are different buttons.I really like the overall functionality & look of the watch . Only problem I 've had - in hot weather the plastic band irritates the inside of my wrist .
 I love this watch . It 's very cute.And I think the color of the watch is n't so purple as in the picture.It 's more like very light and clear gray .
 i love this watch it does everything ! one push of a button and i can see what time it is in other parts of the world , it holds phone # 's everything!great product
 This watch was a great purchase . It looked exactly as it should and comes with some great features . I would highly recommend this watch .
 This is a great watch . It can keep track of two time zones so you can toggle back and forth if you want , has a chronograph , can store 20 phone numbers and has a count-down-the-days timer for 5 different events . Can only be scheduled out to 2039 , so I guess they do n't expect the watch to last longer than that.It is really not that difficult to set . It is not intuitive , but if you read the manual -LRB- easier to do on-line than to read the 2x3-inch pages of the booklet provided -RRB- , it makes sense and is easy to do.As others have said , the color is misleading in the above photo . At first I was disappointed , especially since the buckle is white plastic . It looked cheap . But after wearing it a while , I really like it . The purple is a pale purple tint on a see-through jelly band . It almost looks blue . The face has a purple tinge , but the surrounding part is more of a pale grey . Overall it looks femine , but is closer in size to that of your usual men 's watch . Since it is so pale , it actually looks more feminine and grown up that what it would have if it were more like the picture.It 's a great watch . I have read a lot of reviews of this watch and it seems to be more reliable than Timex . I have owned four Timex Ironmans and had to send two of them back -LRB- to the tune of $ 10 each -RRB- for warranty repair . One stopped being waterproof after about 7 months , and the other had a malfunctioning alarm from the get-go . So far so good with the Casio -LRB- 4 months and counting -RRB- .
 I LOVE this watch . It has seen me through everything over the last several years and it has never failed me . I have a very physical job and this watch does n't have a single scratch on it . The band is slightly worn but I would expect that with any watch . I would definitely but another .
 It is a super watch , however I paid extra to get the purple and I received the cheaper white watch in the mail
 This watch is even better than I had hoped for !! It 's just the right size , nice and sporty . It probably has more features than I 'll ever need . Love the color , it 's light weight . I 've worn it to go swimming , give the kids a bath , and to garden . As a mother of two kids 1 & 2 , I need a watch that will hold up and this is doing the trick !!
 Very pleased with product . Arrvied on time and everything was as described . Would recommend to anyone .
 This watch was a much-wanted item for my daughter , and proved quite difficult to purchase in the U.K. . She was over the moon to recieve it at Christmas and is very happy with its looks and performance -LRB- so far -RRB- . It has a funtional , retro appearance , and should prove to be quite hard-wearing , just the thing for a busy life - style.The watch was attractively priced . If I had purchased it in the U.K. it would have been much more expensive.Many thanks for the quick delivery .
 I got this as a gift for my dad and ended up ordering another for myself . A great desktop item for work to show off your Bearcat Pride !
 I have had this bike rack for over a year , and it is exactly what I wanted . My garage ceiling is 10 feet tall , and this rack easily adjusted up . It is easy to install , and I moved it once . It is important to use the included screw in your ceiling or it will move on you . I was able to use the included brackets to hang both mountain bikes level . I have considered some of the other accessories available -LRB- like the basket for helmets etc -RRB- , but do n't really have room for them . If I did n't have it up close to a wall , I would consider putting another bike or two on the other side . Initially it seemed a little wobbly , but has proved sturdy over time.Make sure you are able to lift the top bike onto the rack . I do n't think my wife could use it if her bike was on the upper part . The velcro straps were too short to hold the front wheel and wrap around the frame , but bungees easily solved that issue . For sure you do want the front wheel held straight . Make sure the pedals are turned so they do n't push the bike out from the vertical frame , and all will be good !
 The rack is really easy to put together even though the insructions are poorly written . I was disappointed that more washers were n't included , so I spent 99 cents on a bag of 25 . It 's well made and relatively sturdy - how sturdy depends on how high your ceiling is . However , even though it shakes a bit in my garage -LRB- 9 ' ceiling -RRB- it supports the bikes well . Definitely take advantage of the pre-drilled screw-holes on ceiling pad/bracket - that will ensure the rack can not tip over . Overall , I 'm very satisfied .
 I needed a few screws to add the basket and they sent them fast well done nice people great product went up fast been in service for 2 years no trouble
 The hub was a direct fit for the one on my older Pacific mountain bike . Works perfectly at one tenth the cost quoted by my bike shop .
 Cap was exactly what I was looking for , and exactly as described . Shipping was speedy . Very pleased .
 I 've had to try many nose clips . This is my second most used one . It stays on pretty decently but needs adjusting once in awhile . The key part I like about this one is that I can adjust it and it stays pretty well . Sometimes with the other nose clips is that once you take them off and adjust them , they do n't go back on well or they just wo n't stick . This one for some reason has worked for me . It 's hard finding nose clips to work consistently . I say buy a few different ones at least because for whatever reason your nose may be different on any different day that your normal nose clip may not work but another will . That 's been my experience .
 I bought one of these a few months ago , could n't find the nose clip that I usually use . It fits me perfectly -LRB- small skinny nose -RRB- and so I now bought several more . Initially it 's a bit tight - but you can open it up kind of like the metal ones - until it 's as tight -LRB- or not too tight -RRB- as you want - and then it stays that way .
 This is my second Biancchi leather holster , and it is another winner . My 915 and 5906 are full size , fairly heavy guns - this holster tames them and keeps them close to the body and very secure.One problem , I bought it for both of my S&W ; models but it wo n't fit my 5906 because my particular model has the larger square trigger guard . That 's my fault for not taking the different trigger guards into account as the 5906 is new to me . The holster is so nice that I 'll keep it for my 915 with the regular rounded trigger guard .
 Some one told me you couldnt get a good Leather retention Holster for under $ 100.00 . Well I have news for youthe Bianchi 5 Black Widow Holster is amazing at Half that price . Its made with Real Leather and the way it fits my S&W ; 5906 is unbelievable . This is a Great everyday carry holster . Its the most comfortable holster I have ever owned and I have a lot of holsters , so If you want a Great Leather Retention Holster under $ 50.00 buy a Bianchi you wont go wrong
 Bianchi 5 Black Widow Hip Holster fits CZ 85 perfect -LRB- as advertized -RRB- . Good quality , good fit , seems to be well made .
 I am really hard on watches and this one is great . it has some dings in the case after a couple years but is working perfect . highly recommended .
 Delivers everything it promises ! I 've worn it pretty much every day since purchase , with zero complaints . OK , the alarm could be a little louder , but it 's a great watch in its price range .
 This watch is exactly as described . It is easy to use , and is not as heavy as you would think . It is pretty large for a woman 's watch - If you are really thin , it will probably look like you are wearing a man 's watch . The watch has a metal bracelet and metal around the face , but the silver colored plastic case is obviously plastic - you can tell that it is not all metal . Over all , I would definitely buy this watch again .
 i ordered this watch specifically because of the multiple alarm capability and have been very happy with the results , as i am reminded to eat at regular intervals throughout the day . the stopwatch and count-down features are also nice , as i work in schools and use them frequently . i find the watch attractive and well made and recommend it highly .
 I purposely bought this watch because some of the reviews said that it was large for a woman 's watch . I have a large wrist -LRB- for a woman -RRB- and it fits me perfectly . I also really wanted a digital watch , that did n't look like a runner 's watch . The watch succeeded on both points and I love it.That said there are a couple minor things I would note , for future buyers . First , the image on the site shows the face of the watch with a light greenish glow . The face does not look the least bit green ; it 's a grey background , even with the light feature . Second , the four dark grey accents around the face of the watch looked like metal to me , but they 're actually like plastic/rubber . I really did n't like that at first but the more I wear it the less it bothers me.The watch is a great deal and I wear it daily . I love it .
 When I first recieved this Baby G I thought it would be too heavy and bulky but after wearing it for a month now , I love it ! It is truly lighter in weight than it appears .
 This is a great watch . My 3 daughters have one color or another.They love it . They are aged 27 to 36 .
 Having previous experience with this product , when I returned to an exercise program , this was one of the first pieces of equipment I acquired . Still a great product .
 I like the fact that these weights can be used as 1 , 2 or 3 pounds . I use a couple of workout videos at home , and these weights are perfect for the strength training portions . If you want good quality hand weights that provide you with versatility , this set is for you . I would highly recommend them .
 If you are smart - you will start slowly when adding weights to your walking-workout . These are a GREAT addition to your exercise-walk . Highly recommended.Best to start off with just the Heavy-hands with no weights , then add the weights after a few weeks - not approaching this slowly could set you up for an injury . It really does raise the level of intensity to your walking workout .
 I use these primarily when I power walk or when I am in front of the booob tube and want to get a little strength training in.The compelling reasons for recommending these weights are :1 -RRB- they can be adjusted accordingly to different weights to accomodate your needs2 -RRB- the adjustment can be done fast by removing the endcaps and the weights3 -RRB- they have a nice neoprene handle/grip which adjusts nicely to the hand and does n't slip4 -RRB- Heavyhands has a black plastic case and all the components store easily and out of sight when not used5 -RRB- it is a relatively inexpensive option that does what it is supposed to do6 -RRB- they are nicely balanced and very comfortable and I have n't had any problems with callouses or blisters
 Heavyhands have been around for quite awhile , and they are an excellent addition to a jogging or walking program . I 've noticed that by using them in training , I 'm able to tackle hills during races with much less difficulty.This set is great ; you can put on the endcaps with no weights for a pound in each hand . Or you can screw the end caps on to make 2 or 3 lb . weights in each hand.The case is decent and is far superior to the cases that usually come with this type of equipment . I would n't expect it to hold up to much travel , but it works great to store the weights in . At just under $ 40 on Amazon , they are a great buy if you 're looking to add a little strength training to a cardio program .
 They are comfortable , easy to carry , and exercise the upper body as would be expected . One caution ... . if you are already overweight initially adding even a little more weight to your walks/runs may hurt your knees or other lower body joints - as they did mine within hours of a `` weighted '' exercise session . And my experience has been it does n't matter whether the `` extra weight '' is carried -LRB- like these -RRB- , or worn elsewhere - such as ankle weights . Trying to continue to use additional weight before the joints stopped hurting only made the joint pain worse . Extra weight removal ended the joint pain after exercise sessions . You may need to increase these weights very slowly ...
 I have several set of weights , but use heavy-hands the most.I like Heavy-hands for many reasons1 -RRB- One set of weights that can be made heavier or lighter as needed . Adding/removing weights is easy , and they take up a lot less room than if you had all those individual weights2 -RRB- The handles are made out of soft neoprene-like material . It feels good in your hands , they do n't calluses . The neoprene material also absorbs any sweat , and thus reduces changes of dropping the weights .3 -RRB- The shape of the weight has a handle that goes over your hand . This also decreases the chances of one dropping the weights . This shape might also be of help to those with limited finger dexterity.Very good design !
 Good weights for ladies or re-hab person , This are good for staying in shape or to firm up with . Grips are good cause you can slip your hand into them and they have a backside that allows you to work out even if you ca n't use your fingers well to grip weights . If your looking for bigger weights to workout with , these are limtied to addd to .
 A product that work 's !! Best rest ever . . -LRB- to me -RRB- I would recommend this for sighting in a new scope or long range shooting , as long as you had a good shooting table .
 Works very well holds your rifle nicely for a good shot . I would recommend buy this filledI got one unfill and it a pain in the ***
 Shooting rest holds rifle securely and allows quick controlled angle changes during final aim . Would recommend a rear rest to compliment stability unless your breathing is totally controlled when using to sight in a scope . Worked well with my Remmington 700 .270 Win and absorbed some of the recoil.Unit was well packed with sand.Works better than normal front bench rest bag as the rifle fits snuggly in between the wings.Handle on bag made it easy to carry .
 Could be a bit longer , but works well . Easily transported , not too heavy . Does not shift around on shooting bench .
 Cap was exactly what I was looking for , and exactly as described . Shipping was speedy . Very pleased .
 I was impressed with the shipping . This watch is more masculine than I expected . However it is comfortable and ideal as a sport watch .
 I do n't wear a watch that often b/c they bother my wrist when I hold my infant . When I work out this one works great . Basic features are easy to navigate . Simple style ... nice subtle color . I would recommend this watch to a friend .
 This watch is everything i wanted . Its great and have gotten alot of compliments . Its just perfect for everyday wear .
 Perfect for me !! I do some running & mountain biking & work out at the gym . I used to use my Ipod for the time & whatnot , but that got real old quick ! I considered buying a Nike Triax , but after about a week of thinking it over , I decided against the look . I found this watch & read the reviews & thought it would be good to try . I 've had it for about a month & I love it ! It has everything I wanted plus I can program some important numbers in it . My husband thought it was silly , but I told him that I do n't memorize any numbers since everything goes in the cell phone - so if I were robbed or something -LRB- which is likely in some areas I travel to outside the US -RRB- I would still have some access to emergency numbers . Also it 's comfortable to wear , durable & is n't too big & masculine !
 love it love it love it !!! everything i could ask for in a watch - and ive fallen in love with my little dolphin in the back light : -RRB- i cant wait to get another baby g - this time , solar !
 I have enjoyed this watch very much . Easy to use and read . Have received a number of compliments on it .
 What a great watch and easy to operate ! It is very durable and fun to use . My daughter uses it for her horseback riding and she needs to time herself and its one-touch stop watch is great ! WE LOVE IT !
 I love my Baby G watch . This is my second one , and I would recommend this watch to anyone who is thinking about buying one .
 I liked the features and functions of this item for the price tag on it . I was looking for a inexpensive stopwatch to begin with but as I started looking , it made more sense to invest in this item . I had a Casio watch before and definitely liked their quality .
 I was looking for a sports watch that could take a beating.It has all the functions that I need while working out or going for a run or hike -LRB- exp
 The watch is great , it has all the features a 8 year old needs . My 10 year old has one and is the only watch that has lasted him for more than a year . We have tried Nike , Timex , and they ca n't handle their life rhythm .
 Casio Women 's Baby G Shock Resistant Grey Sports Watch #BG 169-8VThis is the best watch I 've ever had . It 's comfortable and light-weight , it 's cute , goes with everything , and is wonderful for travelers . Taking a trip across seas , or even across the U.S. ? No problem . Just use the world time feature , and you can find the time in 40 different places , covering all the time zones . You do n't have to reset your watch at every stop , just hit a button instead . You can also store phone numbers and count down to important dates.It 's the most functional , attractive watch I 've ever had . I absolutely love it !
 This Baby G was a Christmas present for my girlfriend . The watch is awesome and the smoked jelly case/band is very stylish . Previously I have purchased another with a clear case/band and this one is even nicer looking in person.The watch itself has all the great functions that G 's offer -LRB- stopwatch , alarms , multiple time zones , etc. -RRB- in a very sporty package that is great for casual and athletic wear . One neat little aspect of this model is whenever you push the `` light '' button to illuminate the watch face -LRB- and when the second counter hits 30 seconds -RRB- a little dolphin appears in the upper window and `` swims '' -- my girlfriend thinks this is very cute and it adds to the appeal of the concept of a fun Baby G.My only nit pick is that the buckle is plastic and not stainless steel like all the other G-shocks/Baby Gs I have purchased in the past -- but this is minor -LRB- and the reason I gave it a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star rating -RRB- . The price and service from Amazon and the supplier were excellent ! I literally received the package 3 days after I ordered it -LRB- during Christmas time -RRB- . My girlfriend and I are very happy with the product and service .
 Love Baby G 's . As a nurse and mother they really stand up to hand washing and bumps . It is attractive -LRB- for a plastic watch -RRB- and love the light on it ... . great for checking time at night for those of us that are too blind without our glasses to read the night stand clock .
 My husband purchased this watch for me as a gift , and I could n't have been happier . It was the style I had been looking for in stores , but could never find . It was scheduled to arrive in 5-7 days , but we were pleasantly surprised when it arrived only three days later . I would encourage all to visit amazon.com . The prices , styles and brands are bar-none .
 This watch is great , Just as described and have had no issues with it . I dont want to take it off . It is so awesome ! Will buy again , seller was super fast with the shipping and great communication !
 This watch is a great watch , I have only had it for a few days but it also is on military time . so you can set it on military time or regular time it is also great that it is waterproof . I am a diver and I am defiantly going to take it on all of my dives !
 This watch combine two aspects for a good sport watch
 I just wanted a watch that was waterproof & had a stop watch . I could n't believe all the different options this watch has . What a great deal & a great watch .
 This is an excellent gift for someone who is expecting & a Denver Broncos fan ! This is a great idea for a gift for an expecting mother who is a fan of NFL teams . You can get this in about any team you want !!
 was worried that this bad would be too small , but i can put 15 clubs in it easy with the ability to store lots of balls , tees and other accessories . Great purchase
 I just got this watch yesterday , so this review can not address issues of longevity or service life . However , I noticed there are no reviews on Amazon of this particular model as I was shopping and comparing , so I thought I would provide my comments here . I did a lot of comparisons and research when selecting this watch.Overview : Before I get into a lot of details , my quick impressions - better than expected ! It looks better than it does in any pictures I found , in which the watch looks solid black with a blue face . There is a lot of dark subdued green hues , as well as black , that give the watch a subtle military look . The face is only blue when illuminated ; otherwise it looks a bit gray/green , which I like . I also love the nylon-resin band . The buttons are well designed . They are not easy to hit accidentally , yet I find them easy to use when I want to . The atomic timekeeping works well so far -LRB- I live in the Phoenix , AZ area -RRB- . I did a manual receive yesterday , and the watch successfully received time synchronization while I slept last night -LRB- which is very easy to confirm when you get up -RRB- . The functions are plentiful and easy to figure out by referencing the manual . If you have had another G-shock the functions will be very familiar.Check the manuals : When I started looking at different brands I remembered an original G-shock I had a long time ago . I gave it to my son . I checked and was very interested in the solar power and atomic timekeeping . The biggest problem was deciding on which model . I found the technical specifications listed on Casio 's website were a bit misleading . There are some functions that are listed only for certain models , yet when I downloaded the owner 's manuals I found all the models I compared had them . For instance , some list the ability to turn daylight savings time on and off . I was concerned about models that did not list that capability since I live in AZ and we do n't use DST ! I found by reading the manuals that all the models I was considering has that capability - they probably all do . If you are very concerned about a particular function , I recommend downloading the manuals from Casio.com . You have to get the module number -LRB- not model number -RRB- for the watch , then you can download the manual from the support page.More on the band : I was worried because I was n't sure what a `` nylon resin '' band would be like . I am familiar with the resin band , like on my original . I went to a local Walmart to see if they had one . I found a similar watch with a nylon strap with a Velcro closure . It was okay , but I was n't thrilled with it . I ordered the Green Atomic thinking that was the strap I was getting . I was very pleasantly surprised with this strap . It is not a cloth like nylon at all . It is more like resin band reinforced with nylon - so it is comfortable , seems like it will be very strong , and it is not the kind of material that will absorb sweat and other moisture -LRB- which was my concern -RRB- . I like to go from working out to the steam room , to the shower , and then to work - all while wearing a watch . I was worried about having something that would soak up sweat.Lightweight vs Heavyweight : In looking at the various solar atomic models , it seems to me there are some that are lightweight -LRB- like the green atomic -RRB- , and some that are metallic and very heavy . My Citizen Aqualand was very heavy , so I did n't think I would mind that , but I went to a local store and put on one of the MTG series G-shocks and did n't like it . I prefer the lighter styles , like this one.Main Function Difference : One of the biggest considerations was the set of functions . All the Casios have a lot of functions . In the G-shock atomic solar watches - the main difference is that some have the time recorder -LRB- which allows you to hit a memo button to record up to 30 different times -RRB- and others -LRB- like this model -RRB- have a countdown timer . I really like having a countdown timer with alarm - I miss that from my old G-shock . I really could n't think of much use for the time recorder.The little things : I was a little sorry to see no display of the day of the week . I may be the only person who forgets what day of the week it is , but I was sad to see it was not included in the display . I was pleased to find out -LRB- accidentally - I did not find this in the manual -RRB- that I can toggle between the date display and the day of week by hitting the `` B '' button while in timekeeping mode!Reliability : As I already mentioned , mine is brand new . I scoured the Internet for reviews and found a couple of people who posted problems with solar models dying on them . They also mentioned that once out of warranty , battery replacement on these models is more than the watch . I am curious about that and I am thinking of contacting Casio and asking about that . I also found some reviews of solar models that have held up for a long time and are still running . Although this is n't a cheap watch , it is not terribly expensive either . I am comfortable taking a `` risk . '' These G-shocks seem to have a very good overall reputation for reliability and ruggedness.Summary : If , like me , you like the G-shock and are anal about knowing exactly what time it is - the atomic G-shock is a great watch . Trying to wade through all of the various models can be difficult , but if you narrow down what you want :1 . Analog vs digital2 . Light vs heavy3 . Time recording vs countdown alarmYou can narrow down your choices more quickly . So far I am thrilled with my choice , and I do n't expect that to change .
 Let me start by saying ... very word of the reviews all the 7 people wrote before me ... 100 % true . This watch is actually cool . When I saw the watch for the first time on amazon , I was really skeptical about buying it . I googled the model and tried to find out , if there were some other websites -LRB- ebay , kenmar watches , watchgear . . etc -RRB- having other pictures / shots in different angles which would give me little more clear picture of how the watch actually loooks . Is it too green , is it black ... ? Well I would like to quote what someone else who mentioned before , it has dark green hues mixed with black ... that how I would describe the watch . It Looks so so cool . The portion above the dial where it 's written G-shock + the area where you have `` G '' button ... that area is more like a black matte finish -LRB- grayish black I would say -RRB- ... and the side of the dial is like dark olive green , , , , like camouflage green , but a darker shade . The band is very nice and sturdy , its not all fabric , its got resin reinforced with it + the fabric seems to have been treated to make it harder and less absorbent . The watch dial is very clear and you can make out everything very clearly . I tried all the functions and they work just fine . I received the automatic time signal to sync my watch ... pretty neat , did not have to place it next to that window ... its synced it right on my wrist . . . Well I am very very happy with this timepiece ... I would recommend it to anyone . It is cool , very rugged , but not too big -LRB- like the pathfinders -RRB- it fits nicely on a average wrist ... mines not too big and its perfect for it . 5 stars for it anyday ... Happy Shopping
 This review is probably premature , since I have n't actually received the watch yet . But after days of research , and 2 trips to Macy 's to try the thing out , I 'm pretty confident that this is one of the top choices of the current slew of G-Shock/Atomic/Solar Casio watches.The one thing the GW002 has that the GW500 and the MTG920 do n't have is a Countdown Timer . For those of you like me who grew up with that little feature on older Casios , it beats the pants off of the `` Time Memo '' feature of the other 2 styles . I ca n't imagine a use for a time stamp anyway , especially one you cant attach text to.I also found the color to be unique - it 's kind of a greenish-gray or grayish-green - either way , it 's nice-looking in person . Also , the band was very comfortable . The description calls it `` nylon '' , but it 's actually nylon impregnated with resin . I like these bands better than the metallic ones for two reasons
 I was very happy with the purchase of this watch . When it arrived , it was actually less bulky than I expected , which was a plus . All of the time zone functions , the stop watch , timer , auto light and alarm work the way I expected . The price was right , the watch is comfortable to wear and looks great , if you like a rugged , military style appearance.I have not been diving with the watch yet , and probably will not wear it for diving . My main interest in this watch is its ability to sync with the Colorodo atomic clock . As a mariner , it is useful for navigation to have the exact time , and the sky wave travels much further than the stated range , across the Atlantic . A signal was picked up near the Canary Islands.My only complaints
 This is the perfect pilot 's watch . It has Zulu time , local time , a stop watch , date , etc. . Best of all , you never have to remember to set or wind it ! The controls for activating the stop watch are easily accessed , unlike my experience on a previous Casio RC/solar . It seems thinner than the original , so it is comfortable to wear.I recommend it highly .
 I just got this watch in the mail today . I researched all the watches for a couple days and picked this one . When I bought it there were no reviews on the internet so I took a chance . On first impressions the watch looks pretty tough and good quality . I am crazy about time and always knowing what the time is . It was important that I got an accurate watch so I wanted one with the atomic function . I heard that the atomic part really drains the batteries so I thought having solar would be a benefit . I am a little worried about the battery and it dieing on me . I know from experience that the more `` stuff '' they put in something the more chances of something going wrong . I decided to take the chance and try the solar out.I agree with the other reviewer that you should download the manuals for the watches you are interested in . I almost did n't buy this watch because I really wanted the countdown feature . I did n't see it listed anywhere in the tech details on amazon or on Casio 's website , but it does have it!I am very happy with the buttons on this watch . My last watch had buttons that stuck out and I was always hitting them on accident . This watch has big easy to press buttons that are kind of pushed down in the watch and wo n't be hit by accident.My only complaint with this watch -LRB- so far -RRB- is the band . It is a really nice band but I guess I am a little odd . I love having a watch but do n't like wearing them . I always carry a watch with me in my pocket . I want all the features of a watch like this that is meant for your pocket ! I looked at actual pocket watches but they are always analog . I was hoping that since this watch had a nylon band it would fold easily and fit in my pocket . Wrong , the band is pretty stiff and it naturally curves to fit your wrist . Of course this is nothing against the watch , it is actually really nice if you are `` normal '' and like wearing watches . After awhile I may try to take the band off , maybe even cutting it if needed.Overall , my first impressions are this is a wonderful watch . It looks cool , has great features , is just the right weight , and it feels tough . It even came to me fully charged with the accurate time already set . So far I am impressed with the solar since it was in a box with no light for several days and is fully charged . We will just have to see how long the battery lasts ... Go buy it !
 I purchased this watch for an upcoming round-the-world trip . It 's the first digital watch I 've owned . I 've had this watch for 2 days now , and I love it . It will really come in handy for travel because it 's got 29 time zones , 4 one time alarms , a re-occuring snooze alarm , an hourly notification -LRB- can turn this on or off -RRB- , a setting for daylight savings time , a countdown timer -LRB- useful for train schedules -RRB- , and a stopwatch . It 's got a power save feature that saves on battery usage if turned on . Mine came charged half-way , and after two days shows a full charge . Under normal usage , it will stay charged . The auto-backlight feature is really awesome ... it illuminates -LRB- 1.5 or 2.5 seconds -RRB- when you tilt your wrist to view the time , but only in the dark . You can also press the big button on the front for illumination . The atomic feature will not work overseas -LRB- because it 's too far from Colorado -RRB- , but the time can also be manually set if needed . If the setting is turned on , the watch will make a few attempts to update the time in the middle of the night . Mine has yet to do this , but I do n't keep the watch near a window like the manual suggests . I manually attempted an update on my front porch which worked just fine . I had to read the manual to learn how to change the settings , but I found it easy to configure after that . The three `` dials '' on the watch face show the `` seconds '' count , battery charge , and atomic signal strength . Also , this thing looks totally cool in dark green and black . My friend saw this watch and is buying one too .
 This is my third or fouth G-Shock . I buy them because they are indestructable . My last one , after about 10 years , was running fine but the case was coming apart , problbly because I never think about it ... -LRB- like clean it once in a while . -RRB- I really like this one . It is easy to use , sets itself every night if I put it on a window sill and is very comfortable for a large watch . I would not hesitate to recommend this watch to anyone .
 I purchased this watch through Amazon a month ago . It is not overly big and has performed well . I work with my hands so I do n't like a watch that cuts into you as you work . I wear the face down so this can be a problem with some pieces ; espeacially over size watches . I have n't figured out how to lengthen the light-up time while in battery save mode . The watch goes to sleep in this mode while you sleep to conserve on battery time which is good as it is a solar watch . Even though I wear the unit under my wrist it still seems to stay charged . Still . . a longer period to view the watch at night would be nice . I do n't recall the write up saying it was solar but It works for me . No problems with the Atomic clock signal . I would probably prefer a smooth band for easy cleaning but this twotone band is nice looking . It is injection molded to look like a woven product -LRB- Trad Swiss Army syle -RRB- but is simply soft plastic like all the rest . If I had one critic it would be that the time numerals are not large enough . I could do without the second countdown and the signal indicator . You need the battery indicator . On the upside ; the indented buttons keep the watch from inadvertant changes which is a big improvment over the last Timex I had .
 I like this Watch very much.It is easy to see , solar powered and radio controlled . All funtions work . I can not testify about it 's durability-I just got it.Brian
 I just received the watch in India , today . As soon as I opened the packaging - I could not help but look at this fine piece of beauty . I must admit I had checked reviews on the Internet for this piece for almost a year . The problem was that living in India , no one was willing to ship it here . That 's when I found vPOSTAsia . Anyone living far away where shipping from US merchants is a big issue - try vPOST , you wo n't regret it!As far as the watch is concerned , it looks NEAT . It has all the featuers one would actually look forward to in a watch , without any of the hanky-panky stuff . The watch band is very different - its made of a resin-rubber material with a bucke like normal G-Shock watches . I will try put up an image of the band.So , if you 're in two minds about this watch - I suggest that you stop thinking and go get it !!!
 I bought this as a gift for a loved one and she loves it ! Yes , it 's a little big for a woman , but she 's a teacher and needed all the stuff that it can do , plus she wanted a watch that would never die or need to be reset . When we received it , she put it on and I started reading the instructions and we discovered that it did so much more than we even knew about ! You can set it so that the light automatically comes on when you tilt your wrist to look at the time , but it does n't come on all the time when you are moving , because it knows when it is in just the right position ... it 's not a motion sensor it 's a position sensor . It has something like 24 city world time ... you just push a button and it shows you what time it is in Hong Kong , or Moscow , etc. . I ca n't even think of all the stuff it has -LRB- stopwatch , timer , etc -RRB- . The point is , we were completely satisfied with this purchase and THEN SOME ! One of the rare purchases I 've made that turned out to be better than what I expected . The retailer got it in the mail very fast and we received it within a couple days of ordering it .
 I owned one other Baby-G watch that lost its battery life prematurely . I bought this watch for sport and casual wear . The band has unusual grayish-olive cast to it and the face readouts are clear . It is set up nicely for modal changes and the buttons are sensitive . But the best part is the long lasting -LRB- dare I say infinite ? -RRB- life of its battery . It is charged by solar light and it saves the charge when put in a dark place . It keeps accurate time by resetting itself via a satellite signal from Colorado . How `` green '' , not to mention cool , is that ?
 Works pretty good , but when try to synchronize to obtain the real time , needs to be in a place without any type of interference so thats impossible inside a city , but is a awesome watch .
 All functions are working perfectly . Looks good too . The layout of the screen could be designed to utilize the space more efficiently , but oh well , I guess you ca n't have everything .
 Had this watch for about a month ... everything Casio said it was ... wish manual had bigger type -LRB- 56yo eyes -RRB- Hope it lasts as long as my last one . -LRB- 10 years -RRB- A great watch for the money !
 I bought this for my husband who wanted a G Shock watch for Christmas because he wanted something more casual than his Omega watch . HE LOVES IT ! He loves the straps and everything about the watch . He also likes the color . We highly recommend the watch .
 I purchased this watch to replace my original G-Shock which I had for 17 years and stood up to a lot of abuse . This watch is sleeker than the original and looks a lot better . I tried the auto light feature and liked it at first , but it soon got annoying because the light would turn on unnecessarily as I was driving at night . The automatic setting of the time is very nice and seems to work well . I have had it in water , and have worked out with it and it has continued to work well . I am interested to see how well the rechargeable battery holds up over the years .
 When I saw the watch on Amazon , I was really skeptical about buying it . I was n't too sure about the color and design , but figured since it got a 5-Star rating and was a reasonable price , why not . I received my watch today and I 'm very happy with it . It looked even better when I was about to touch it and play around with the functions . The combination of a green -LRB- dark olive green -RRB- and black band , mixes with G-Shock sleek , durable and quality design , makes this the perfect watch for the G-Shock enthusiast and everyday person . It is very comfortable to wear and is the most advanced G-Shock I 've ever owned . My only complaint is that I ca n't display the day of the week and the date at the same time . Being solar powered makes it a plus for environmentally friendly people . From what I can tell , the battery charges easily , with minimal exposure to sunlight . The automatic time calibration is very cool and a great feature , as I 'm a stickler for time accuracy . This is a highly recommended watch . Good luck !
 I just rec 'd my watch today and I 'm very happy with it . I already bought GShock GW 530 but I have to return it because there is no countdown timer which I use a lot at my work . While surfing in the internet I saw this watch in Amazon.com And I like the look of the watch right away . But it is definitely better in reality . The combination of greenish-gray and black on the band is way better than all black . I highly recommend this watch to people who needs a durable watch especially to their workplace or sports .
 This is a great watch . I wanted to get a watch that was either solar powered or motion powered . I like the G-shock watch because it is very durable , so I shopped around for a solar G-shock . I originally thought about buying a Casio analog-digital G-shock , but opted for this rainforest edition -LRB- GW002KA-3V -RRB- instead.Pros
 I bought this for my athletic boyfriend . He loves it ! All the accessories -LRB- light , atomic clock , etc -RRB- work great . The band is not the tacky rubber like most athletic watches . Great buy !
 I 've only had this watch for about 5 days , but I love it . It is so comfortable that I ca n't even tell I 'm wearing a watch . Very nice looking too ; sure , the face is somewhat large , but that 's to be expected for a G-Shock watch , and it is n't as large as some I 've seen . Nice to be able to toggle between the month-date and day . Never had a watch with a solar battery before , but I love the idea of not having to change the battery . So far the battery seems to stay at peak charge easily , with minimal exposure to sunlight . -LRB- indoor light works too -RRB- As a die-hard techie , I think it 's really cool that the watch receives a time calibration signal automatically each night from Fort Collins , Colorado ; in the morning you can easily check to see exactly when the signal was received . You can also do a manual receive of this signal if desired . Very cool ! I am into some outdoor sports , and this watch will be perfect for that . Nice to know that the vibration protection would also allow me to take up motocross , or use a chain-saw , if desired when wearing the watch ! :-RRB- Glad I purchased it .
 All of the features on this `` full featured '' watch work as advertised . It is a bit large , but that should n't be a surprise when you consider everything that is in it . Most pleasant surprise was how easily the time updates -- obviously the signal from Ft. Collins is very strong here on the east coast . The only -LRB- very minor -RRB- negative is that you must select whether to display the day of the week or the date , ca n't do both at the same time .
 When i was a little boy i remember casio watches as they was THE watch to wear . Throught years , several brands has shown up to innovate and shape the style and feautures of those watches to create HIGH STANDARD machines to get over the old fashioned casio degraded machines.I have become a frequent watch shopper , and now a days have more than 7 watches of great brands as swatch , tissot , nautica , polar , for example.But further they appareance and very high prices , i have seeing latetly several watches of different brands making all the functions of mines . Watches of X brand , doing the same as mines ... !!!!!!!!!!!! 1I really have to say that when i made the final decission to adquire this watch i was a little exceptic , but now i find out how casio is still in the market . Those others brands innovated that casio market BUT stayed with their upgrade , once that , casio took them from the edge and forward them with this excellent watches are making the difference.This watch looks nice , fit great and works awesome . I definitly recommend it !!!!
 I love , love , LOVE this watch , except for the fact that it is so big it fits on my upper arm -LRB- and ankle , even ! -RRB- . I have used this to my advantage occasionally at work -LRB- am a phsyician scientist -RRB- when I would otherwise have removed my watch or covered it with surgical gloves . However , it would be nice if Casio made more of their solar watches in women 's size , too . If they did , I 'd be inclined to buy it and pass this one on to someone whom it fits better !
 Got this watch , before the price went up , too bad as I was going to buy another but not at almost doublr the price , but watch is nice looking , has atomic clocktime feature , and solar power , makes it worry free . not as big as some G-Shocks , so thats nice , fits on my large wrists . helps to like the color green .
 I 've had this Casio for about a year now and am very pleased with it . It has everything that I was looking for
 I have purchased three watches for family members and the watch does all as advertised except for one problem . The back lighting goes on with very little wrist movement . All three developed this after a few months . I am concerned about unnecessary battery use . I have contacted Casio with no response .
 This watch solves several problems :1 . No need for battery replacement , so no cost for batteries and no disposal . This also means that the water resistance is preserved , since many battery replacement places do n't guarantee the factory seal .2 . More durable band ? This will take several years to figure out , but as others have mentioned , it looks and feels more sturdy than other rubber-based bands . I 've lost more watches due to band breakage than anything else .3 . Time is automatically set -- this is a convenient feature , plus it is easy to change time zones or maintain dual zones when traveling . However , it only tunes into Ft. Collins , so it wo n't find a signal overseas , as newer -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- atomic watches may . Not a big deal for traveling , though .
 I searched the Casio web site , until I found the watch I wanted . This watch was priced at $ 130.00 . I found it on Amazon for $ 70.00 . I very happy with the product and the shipment from Amazon . I 'm in Afghanistan and it is working perfectly so far .
 It will not receive the NIST transmission if I leave it in the car in the garage overnight , but I would not expect the weak Colorado signal to pass through so many levels of bunker . Inside the house , here in North Atlanta , it picks up the signal just fine .
 I got this watch through Amazon , free shipping.It took over a week to process and only a day for delivery.Item shipped out of NJ.Other than taking 9 days to get it , I love the watch . I have a small wrist and this G-Shock watch does n't look too big on me . I also like the band . It 's not made of rubber . It 's something like green nylon but stronger.It has all the features I need , sw , countdown , alarms and it 's easy to learn .
 There are three circular indicators on the face of this watch . I 'm puzzled by the one on the left . It 's not mentioned anywhere in the manual . Does anyone know what its function is?Update
 GREAT LOOKING BAND AND CASE . NUMBERS ARE A LITTLE SMALLER THAN MY OTHER G-SHOCK WATCHES , YOU HAVE TO TOGGLE BACK & FOURTH TO SEE DAY AND DATE OVERALL VERY PLEASED WITH THE WATCH .
 I have several digital watches and even the `` classic '' casio g-shock , but this is the first g-shock that looks well made . When I look at it , it reminds me of a top of the line Nikon or Canon SLR Camera . Both watch and camera are well designed , purpose built devices with no glitz . The bits and pieces , including the plastic ones , have been put together in a simple , direct manner without the cheesiness that one comes to expect from digital watches . The band has a very good feel to it , as if it was more than an after thought . The lettering on the watch face is in clear white letters in a simple font . The buttons are slightly recessed and are imbued with enough color contrast to the surrounding housing to be recognizable without calling too much attention . The case of this rugged watch is fairly large and not for the timid , but because of the dark well rounded body , it does ` nt call too much attention to itself . In other words , it looks like a well made tool rather then a computer chip embedded in cheap plastic . Congradulations Casio this is the first g-shock that does n't look as if it belongs on some video game character !
 I really like this watch . It just feels right and looks great.Just had a few issues catching the atomic signal in some areas.Recommended .
 Had this watch for about 2 months now wearing it daily . The nylon mesh is sewn onto the resin core of the band . But it does n't soak up sweat and has n't stained yet . Still looks new . The atomic time keeping , solar recharging pretty much makes it maintenance free . I like the stopwatch - it counts the hours as well as minutes , seconds , 1/100th of a second . Highly recommended .
 As a casual player , many golf discs have subtle differences in their flight characteristics . What I like about the Stingray -LRB- I throw a 150 DX -RRB- is that it has a more distinctive S-curve flight pattern -LRB- Left hand , backhand throw right then left curve -RRB- that helps me carve throws around trees in tight areas and has good glide for a mid-range disc . 4 stars because the DX plastic is softer and therefore the disc gets slightly more beat up , but then you are not paying for the more durable plastics .
 After breaking my Smith googles during a ski fall , I had to finally replace them . While I would recommend trying out goggles in a store to find what fits your face , I blindly took a chance with these , and I am so glad I did . I bought the white ones with the vermillion gun -LRB- which was more rose than bolle 's other goggles with vermillion gun lens -RRB- . After a long day of snowboarding , I had NO fogging issues , in fact , I even forgot I was wearing goggles . It was my first time having spherical lens , and I 'll never go back to anything else . I loved the rose colored lens over my previous yellow ones . Overall , these were so comfortable ! The only downside is that these would fit a small to medium face , with a normal sized nose . If you have a bigger nose , you might want to try Smith , as they are more forgiving in that area .
 I used these goggles in Lake Tahoe for Spring Break this year , and I actually thought they were great ! It was my first time even snowboarding , and OHHH my gosh , it was SO bright out there . I could barely even see . But when I put on these super-cute , ultra-feminine goggles , it was like looking through new eyes -LRB- corny -RRB- . LOL!I did n't have to squint.I could fall into the snow knowing that I would n't get snow where it could do some damage.I even laid back in the snow and looked up at the SKY.My only complaint is that if you want to tighten the goggles a certain way , the rubber logo on the strap wo n't go through the binding . But I mean , if you 're wearing a helmet , you wo n't have this problem -LRB- it 's only if you have an INCREDIBLY tiny head . And I 'm a 5 ' 0 , 95lb asian woman . So believe me , I have a small head , and I did n't have a problem , lol -RRB- . These were great.And the pink fade is super cute.Get these with some pink snowboard pants and a gray or white jacket , and you 're set !! Ca n't wait to go again next year ! Maybe I 'll try skiing , huh ? : -RRB-
 Loved the goggles they are working wonderful with all the snow we just received in PA
 These goggles are great . They are cute , fit well and are functional . I would recommend them .
 It took me a long time sifting through the details of the various Casio G-Shock watches available . None of them had all of the exact features I wanted , but I like the look and features of this one . I do n't think the 3 dials at the top are particularly useful , but it does what it says it 's supposed to and the silver case with gold face gives it a little more of a classy look that a pure outdoors tough look . Now if they made an atomic & solar version of this , that 's what I 'd prefer . The atomic solar versions either did n't display both date and day at the same time or did n't have a comparable countdown timer or a countdown timer at all , or the alarm had less features . I like the size of it too -- it is smaller and lighter than my Timex Expedition Adventure Tech Shock w/compass , and cost less . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I got it for forty dollars and I could n't be happier . Its taken tons of abuse and only has some minor scratches . The casing is made of metal with engraved writing and brushed accents . Its also got lots of nice features , like timer , countdown , alarm , etc. . The only thing that might bother some is that it is quite thick -LRB- even thicker than my cell phone -RRB- .
 have gotten a few compliments on it . The same watch also comes with the metal watchband , which would be dressier -- but this watchband is really nice .
 Item arrived , my wife opening her gift and get in amazed . The delievery time , the presentation , the watch itself , just lovely and amazing . i will keep buying from this seller again . Highly recommended .
 Living in snow - bound Wisconsin I have the grips installed . They feel good but have not had the opportunity to try them out . The reason for my rating is that 12 of the grips were not wrapped , which is O.K. , but one of the grips was wrapped and had slightly different -LRB- thinner -RRB- printing on the but end of the grip . I 'm sure it will not affect anything , it was just something that I noticed
 This is a high quality holster that makes your Walther disappear under a shirt or jacket . It 's a perfect fit for the weapon .
 Since `` atomic '' watches contain radio receivers , they 've been too big for me . This one is just slightly thicker than a standard watch . The radio reception is great . The directions say to place it near a window for setting , but when daylight savings time came , I was sleeping nowhere near a window & it was set correctly when I awoke.It is one of the better looking digitals I 've seen . The digits are well formed from lots of dots , so a 3 does not look like an 8 with some bars removed . With all the progress in LCD displays , I can not imagine why watch makers have stuck with such antiquated technology . The buttons are in the standard places for a Casio but are recessed so it does n't look quite as geeky . The band is preformed to curve so it fits even my skinny wrists well.The alarm is a gentle beeping sound that stops on its own after 10 seconds or so . If you need more to wake up to , it may be too quiet . For me , it 's perfect.My only complaint is that it shows you either the month/date or the day of the week but not both at once . A single button push changes that view . It always shows you the seconds passing . All in all , a very nice watch !
 Slim style makes for a surreptitious look that belies the rugged and durable qualities of this accurate timepiece . Simple to operate , easy to see and comfortable to wear , the retro-styled contemporary watch looks a little different from the usual . The only down-side is the inevitable mineral glass lens that invites scratches . Why Casio do not manufacture a similar watch with a sapphire crystal lens is difficult to understand ; this problem extends through their wider range -LRB- some Oceanus excepted , in my view . Now , make a solar , titanium version with a sapphire lens and see the sales rocket !!
 The band is a bit large but the watch is great . From Kalamazoo , Mi . to Naples , Florida it resets on the beam every night , even on my arm . I do not know how long its life is , but right now , it was a great buy .
 Impressively thin for having both atomic clock synchronization and solar power . Wish that the day and date could be displayed at the same time . Also , the buttons are kind of hard to locate and push . Overall , though , great watch .
 I purchased this watch because I wanted something rugged , yet stylish . I love the fact that it is solar battery powered , and I was really excited about the atomic function , but I have not been able to synchronize the watch with the atomic clock frequency . This is due to an enormous amount of interference caused by the large city I live in . The fit is great , the screen is clear and the timer , alarm and stopwatch functions are all reliable and easy to use .
 With its retro look yet modern technological features , I was very impressed with it the first day/night cycle I wore it . Although the manual does insist on some pretty specific location and placement procedures for the receiving of the time calibration at night I found out that it is capable of receiving the signal even with it being strapped to my hand while I slept . While the watch certainly wont be turning any heads , those who give it a second look will be pleasantly rewarded .
 I have always been a bit anal about knowing the exact time , and I used to set my watch at least once a week . Now I just have to remember to set the watch in the window each night and I always have the correct time to the second . The solar battery keeps a good charge , even with the light coming on each time I tilt my wrist to look at the time . It is not as `` slim and sleek '' as my old Casio , but is a much better watch .
 This Casio watch is really nice , looks very good and works great.The band is super nice.The watch seems to stay charged all the time.I do recomed this watch . have a good day .
 I 've had this watch for about 2 weeks now and I love it . It sets itself every night while it is on my arm in bed . The time keeping is perfect . It is comfortable and fits under sleeves and unlike other G-shocks , there are n't any `` lumps '' to get caught on your shirt when you pull your sleeve to see the watch.I have two minor complaints . The alarms are a little quiet . I had a non-solar G-shock in the 80 's and it was loud enough to wake me in the morning . This one does n't always wake me . Maybe my ears are losing some sensitivity ... The buttons are placed below the bezel which hides them and makes the watch look nice and smooth but they can be a little hard to press as a result . I frequently use the count down timer to time setting of dental impression materials , etc. and find the edge of the bezel to be a little bit in the way . Fortunately the buttons do n't require much force to push and they are very short-throw so it is n't a big deal . I do find that I pull arm hairs when I press the buttons.I have a skinny wrist so the band is a little over-sized for me . I also find that the curve built into the band tends to rotate the watch away from my face so I have to turn my arm extra far to read the watch . I fixed this problem by taking the band off and swapping the two pieces . Now the watch naturally tilts a little toward my face so I do n't have to twist my arm so far to read it.I chose a G-shock because it works well for my life . I swim and dive . I need to time things almost every day . I needed a watch to be tough enough to withstand scrubbing and disinfection . This watch does the job ! Solar and atomic were nice additional features .
 I 'm not the bikini or thong type . I like comfort . I originally bought a pair of these briefs at a travel store when I went to China , so when necessary I would be able to launder them at night and wear them again the next day -LRB- they dry quickly -RRB- . I have discovered that they are also great for working out , or for day wear in the middle of the hot , humid summers here , as the fabric wicks moisture away from the body . I have five or six pair and probably will buy more .
 My best friend and I are never happier than when we are hiking , kayaking , or show shoeing . The only thing we ever wished for other than a super lightweight tent , which has n't been invent yet , is hiking underwear that promises all the things our other garments do . Ex Officio women 's briefs are all this and more . We 've tried cotton -LRB- yuck -RRB- , silk , we 've even tried various bathing suit bottoms . On one of her trips to the US my friend saw Ex Officio briefs for the first time . They are all she talked about for two months , that and the fact that she should have bought a pair . I ordered her a pair for her birthday in August . She still talks about them all the time , how they feel like she does n't even have any on , how dry she feels all the time , how she wishes she had a whole drawer full , how she wishes she could go to 17 countries just to spread the word about them . I am so jealous now that I 'll be ordering some for myself . Truly a 5 star item .
 I bought the nude , full-cut brief for workouts . Great wicking when biking or running and dries quickly as claimed . Well constructed and correctly sized . Worth the price and have bought several pairs .
 Ca n't even tell you 're wearing them . Fast drying . I do a lot of backpacking for multiple days and find they dry very quickly after washing .
 I purchased two pairs -LRB- white and nude -RRB- for a 10 day trip . They stay in place and true to size . Easy to wash out and dries over night .
 These undies are perfect for travel , and for wearing under white pants.They are easy to wash in a hotel sink , then hang dry overnight . I made a 15 day trip with four pair of these , and I could have probably done it with two pair.The undies are soft and comfortable , and breathe to keep you cool in hot weather . I like the `` granny pant '' style , but my grown daughters are happy with the bikini style from this same line of undies .
 I LOVE these underwear . There does not exist a more comfortable pair of underwear . Ideal for hiking and other exercise , long plane/car trips , and every day . Breathable . These are the only underwear I use now .
 Cap was exactly what I was looking for , and exactly as described . Shipping was speedy . Very pleased .
 I 've been using it daily for 2 months on the same set of batteries . Not quite bright enough to ride by if it 's totally dark , but the cars can see it from a long way off .
 These wristbands are cheap , durable , and just straight up cool . I 'm a big fan of Fullmetal Alchemist and these were an awesome addition to my collection of miscellaneous anime themed items . Glad I bought it .
 It 's the best line of Discs on the market !! I got it for my boyfriend -LRB- along with many others -RRB- and he gets a more accurate throw with this product over any other .
 my new favorite holster . will buy several more for my other guns . too bad its made in mexico now , but still good quality .
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 this is a great product and they shipped very quickly . Will buy from next season .
 Casio Men 's G-Shock Atomic Solar Watch #GW 700A-9VWith so many fine Casio choices , and after reading numerous reviews of all the Casio Atomic Solar and Pathfinder watches , it was difficult to come down to a final decision . I had originally thought I would get a Pathfinder model , but the significantly higher cost and likely bulkier size steered me to the G-Shock models , and I could not be more pleased.Since this is , after all , a watch , the most important feature to me was accuracy . Casio 's website -LRB- http://www.casio.com/products/Timepiece/G-Shock/GW700_Series/product/GW700A-9V/ -RRB- indicates + / -15 seconds per month . I think that is probably conservative , but certainly acceptable , even without Atomic Timekeeping . Based on my relative short term use , I 'm guessing it will probably end up being closer to 5 seconds per month , again without atomic updating.Atomic Timekeeping : In viewing many of the Casio watches which have this feature , the reviews seemed to be mixed , with a significant number saying the feature -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- was very disappointing . Living in Mayberry -LRB- Mount Airy , NC , -RRB- a pretty good distance from Fort Collins , I had to assume that I would probably not be able to get the signal . So did I still want the watch , at a price that certainly included such a sophisticated feature ? Sure , why not . I could always return it.The first night after I got the watch , I followed the directions and placed it in a window , facing southwest , which was the best that I could do . And wonder of all wonders , the next morning it had synced with the radio signal !! Notice the small circular dial on the lower right corner of the watch face . That now has the letter `` G '' in the circle , indicating a strong signal was received . Pressing the receive button in the lower right corner shows the time of the sync . The next night , I left the watch on the night table next to my bed . Again a successful sync . The next night , I left it in another room on a bedside table , not near a window . Again , the sync was successful . I kept the watch `` stand '' that came with the watch . It seems just right for synching purposes.Solar Power : Casio says this watch has `` Tough Solar Power . '' I 'm not sure how that differs from regular solar power , but when I got the watch , it was already set to the proper time , day of the week , and date . The small solar strength arrow on the left side of the watch face indicated that the battery had a `` middle charge . '' I placed the watch face up under an incandescent lamp for a couple of hours . The arrow moved up to `` high '' and has stayed there since.Watch face : The picture of the watch face is accurate except that the day of the week and date and month are actually darker than in the picture . There is plenty of contrast in normal lighting , and a brief touch of the `` G '' button below the watch face on the band quickly lightens the screen . The regular time screen shows exactly what I wanted
 Exactly what I wanted . Lots of cool features , looks great . A tad bulky , but it ' s a G-Shock after all , and compared to other G-shocks it 's actually not quite as big . When I got the instruction manual , I was a little nervous about all the directions for sitting the watch on a windowsill every night to get the perfectly accurate time from a satellite -- there were all these tips about how to get good reception . -LRB- I 'm in PA , by the way . -RRB- Well , the windowsill was a little iffy , and seemed annoying anyway , but it was completely unnecessary for me . The reception works perfectly every night on my wrist in bed . My other concern was the solar power -- the instructions list all sorts of time requirements to keep it charged . I had to charge it when I first got it , but the charge has stayed on `` high '' ever since without me doing anything special to keep it that way -- just normal wear . I love the multiple alarms . Fantastic watch , and the Amazon price is almost half of the price I found for the exact same watch in a mall watch store .
 An atomic watch was a must for me because I needed the accuracy . I also prefer a watch that is easy to use and keeps itself set . The solar recharging feature for the battery is a bonus . I rated this watch 4-stars instead of 5-stars only because of the small numbers on its face which are n't offset with enough contrast . -LRB- I 'm nearing 50 and my eyesight for this kind of reading is marginal -RRB- . Otherwise , awesome watch !
 I keep it on a window sill in the daytime for charging when not in use , and on my night table next to another atomic -LRB- alarm -RRB- clock at night for time setting and ready to go in the morning . Its a pleasure having a watch that does n't need setting and wo n't need routine battery replacement . I expected it to be somewhat bulky in thickness and it is , but mostly because of the protective ring around the crystal and not a problem . My main issue is that the LCD face is more drab green than champagne as described . The contrast leaves something to be desired . A standard lighter background with black characters be better .
 Wish the display was a bit bigger , but that 's my only gripe . Fantastic features and great styling . Plus , I 've yet to notice any delays whatsoever in receiving the atomic clock signal , even in buildings where there should definitely be one .
 I live in NJ - and the watch catches the update from Ft. Collins without fail each morning . I love having an exceptionally accurate watch , that looks virtually indestructable too . Highly recommended .
 I have had this watch for a little more than two weeks now . It has successfully set itself each night to the signal from WWV in Colorado -LRB- I am in Louisiana -RRB- This is in spite of the fact that it has been on my wrist while I was sleeping ! -LRB- The owners manual suggests that you place it on a windowsill overnight to get a good signal from WWV -RRB- . I do suggest that you read the owners manual , especially the part about the solar recharge times necessary to recover from usage of alarms , backlight , etc. . I rarely use the backlight and have not noticed any decline of the `` battery '' due to normal usage , but your mileage may vary if you use the alarm or backlight often.I highly recommend this watch !
 I purchased this watch as a replacement for a previous purchased Atomic Solar G-Shock -LRB- slightly different model -RRB- that was put in the trash by my 1 1/2 year old . I am again completely satisfied with the durability , funtions -LRB- alarm -RRB- , & price value . I surf alot with this watch always on . This watch can handle abuse !
 I ordered this watch for my first G-Shock . I have always wanted one , but wasnt in the Army , so i had no need for one of the huge mudman style watches . This one is sleek and slim , compared to the others . Atomic time was a must have and solar is very nice , living in FLA. . Overall , very easy to use . Nice big display . comfortable band.worth every penny !
 I like this watch alot . Atomic , Solar , what do you need more than that . Casio quality . alarm could be little louder . I am very satisfied .
 When I went searching for a watch to take scuba diving , I looked for several features , including a decent water resistant depth , a digital display , a stopwatch function , and buttons that would be easy to use while wearing wet suit gloves . The precision of `` atomic time '' was n't necessary but I 'd owned another watch with the feature and had grown reliant on the automatic synchronization and accuracy . The Casio G-Shock watch fit the bill with few limitations . The watch charged quickly in the Phoenix sun and power levels have n't been a problem in the month I 've used it . Synchronization at home has occurred well , like clockwork , but failed in several hotel rooms during a recent dive vacation to California . A dedicated display tells whether synchronization has occurred . This is a nice feature I 've not seen in many other watches . The watch performed well underwater . I 'd been concerned about the size of the display after reading other reviews but found it easily readable both above and below the surface . The watchband , which appears of generous length , was a bit too small to fit around my wrist while wearing a wetsuit . As a result , I hung the watch around the hose to my console . This made using the buttons for the stopwatch and displays much easier to use and put it at a distance perfect for my middle aged eyes . Needless to say , I did n't test the claim that the watch is water resistant to 660 feet . I can say the watch worked perfectly on repetitive dives to a tenth of that depth . I 'm very happy with this watch and look forward to taking it back into the water soon .
 This is my second watch of exactly the same one . My previous watch lasted 5 years . I wear it to work and it takes a beating every day . I am a hands on Aircraft Mechanic . I love the recessed glass so that it does not get scratched . The watch still works but the wrist band finally gave out . If you need something rugged and dependable you can not go wrong with Casio . Casio is a superb watch maker and is the only brand I use.Take it from a professional it is well worth the money .
 Love it . Perfect combination of simplicity , style & technology.Uncomplicated easy to read display . Stylish , not brutish look.Perfect , technology blend of Atomic time , Solar recharge , Waterresistant , G-Shock rugged .
 After buying this watch and receiving I noted the high quality upon opening the box . The brushed aluminum is a nice touch . The watch is big , but I like that about it . The atomic feature is very nice , noting that it stays in tune with my time on my computers at work . How nice to never have to set it again ! The charge remains at full without any additional intervention upon arrival other than some exposure to sunlight or a bright internal light . The only issue I have with the watch is the need for a count down timer . This is a feature I have always had with Timex watches in the past and have already found my self searching for it even though it is n't there . I would definitely consider this watch again and/or recommend it to family and friends .
 As most reviewers have said , this is an excellent G-Shock . It is accurate , tough , solar , world times , water resistant to 200 m , and the sync works flawlessly for me . It is my reference watch now.The contrast could be better but the auto illumination works well enough . A count down timer would be nice as well .
 Good looking watch with good quality.Contrast between background and numbers is poor . . outdoor this is not a problem but indoor will give some people like me problem to read time.Synchronization with with atomic clock does n't work the way I wish . . Every night I left watch by window as instruction say and only few times a month I 'm able to synchronize my watch.This should be easy task anytime day or night , but is not .
 I HAVE OWNED A SIMILAR CASIO G-SHOCK WATCH BEFORE WHICH HAD A METAL CLASP-TYPE BAND , BUT I FIND THAT I PREFER THE HIGH-QUALITY PLASTIC RESIN BAND ON THIS WATCH , BECAUSE THE WATCH IS MORE EASILY ADJUSTABLE TO MY WRIST AND ALSO MORE EASILY REMOVEABLE.CASIO G-SHOCK WATCHES ARE THE HIGHEST QUALITY , MOST DURABLE AND SHOCK-RESISTANT , MOST ACCURATE -LRB- ATOMIC CLOCK TIME-SETTING -RRB- , MOST RELIABLE -LRB- SOLAR BATTERY -RRB- , AND PROBABLY THE MOST WATER-RESISTANT WATCHES AVAILABLE AT ANY PRICE , BUT I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A VASTLY INFERIOR NON-OSTENTATIOUS STAINLESS STEEL ROLEX SOLEY SO I COULD ADMIRE ITS VERY HIGH-QUALITY TRADITIONAL CRAFTSMANSHIP . TO ADMIRE THE CRAFTSMANSHIP OF THE CASIO I MIGHT NEED AN ELECTRON MICROSCOPE , AND I DO NOT HAVE ONE .
 I had my doubts about this but have found it to be better looking -LRB- much ! -RRB- than the pictures and it has an Apple like build quality and feel to it.It is a LARGE watch , which makes it fashionable these days , but lightweight , stylish and fun to wear . You might not want to wear this with a suit but it looks great with casual wear . The strap is wide , smooth and exceptionally comfortable.The time synching works well but not perfectly every time . But ... I do n't put it on a windowsill as suggested and it still does OK.The battery lasts a long time and so I do n't have to make a point of leaving it in bright light too often . This is good because I 'm afraid of losing or forgetting it.This thing can do a lot and you will benefit by reading the owners manual to get the full benefits . It DOES warn you that using features like the alarm and display light will quickly wear down the solar battery . It takes a 50 minute charge to make up for one press of the display . The solar feature is cool but maybe a traditional battery makes more sense?For not much money you get a cool , well made , stylish , comfortable and accurate watch . For the price and what I get out of it , this was a real bargain ! Even whatever downside there is to the solar battery is made up for by it being unique .
 A great watch once you get it set up . I believe it would be easier to find a cure for cancer than trying to understand the booklet that comes with this watch . When you receive your watch call CASIO support and they will guide you through the set-up for this watch . Give them the 4 digit number in the box on the back of watch which is 2818 . The number to call is 1-800-435-7732 option 5 . They are great people and will get you up and running in 5 minutes .
 I have had this watch for about a month and it is great !! Everything you would expect from a G-Shock . Even for its big size it fits comfortably on my wrist , I weigh a 150 Lbs so my wrists are quite small and since it is so comfortable I usually do n't even know I 'm wearing it . The EL Display works great and the auto backlight is a great feature . It syncs with the atomic clock in Denver every evening and I have checked the time with the atomic clock on the internet and it is within spec -LRB- + / - 0.05 seconds -RRB- when I check it :--RRB- . Great looking watch that will last you a long time and the display has excellent protection from scratches , you would really have to go out of your way to do some damage to it . The charge indicator has always been HIGH since I have recieved it , granted I live in Phoenix Az where it 's sunny almost every day , and it even goes to sleep with you at night -LRB- Display shuts off to save battery life -RRB- . Great watch , great price and looks and feels awesome - I do n't believe you will be disappointed in the purchase of this watch .
 I am mostly satisfied with this watch . The primary features I was interested in were the solar power and the atomic synchornization.The atomic sync is rather flakey , as I read in other reviews . If I leave the watch near a window at night , it will sync every 3-4 days , despite the fact that it attempts to sync every night at 2,3,4,5 AM . I 'm in CA though . I suppose those closer to CO will have more reliable syncing.The additional features on this watch are of questionable value . I still ca n't figure out what you can do with a feature that lets you record the current date/time . The stopwatch has no lap timer.It 's definitely built well and worth the discounted Amazon price : -RRB-
 I have owned and still do . . many Casio products . I recently purchased this watch and it is fantastic . The look is crisp . . neat . . and very easy to read . It has all the bells and whistles you need and it is stylish . I own a pathfinder and it does a lot more but look at the price.This watch is an excellent value and you will not be disappointed . The service I received from Amazon was also fantastic.I have NEVER written a review before for any watch ... this should tell you something . Would not hesitate to recommend this watch . Casio has done itagainJohn M
 This watch does everything it 's supposed to better than advertised . Instructions say to carefully position the watch near a window to receive radio signals but I find that it does just fine anywhere I leave it at night . Without making any special attempt to keep the watch in the light the battery charge indicator has shown full charge the entire time I 've owned it . Since it 's plastic it 's lighter than a metal watch and more comfortable to wear . And best of all , I 'll never again lose an argument about what time it is !
 Recommend this watch . Synchs nightly and keeps accurate time as a result . Some features are hard to use and require reference to manual . Battery level indicator is useless since it charges by exposure to sun .
 This watch is everything it said it was . And for the money you ca n't beat it . Thanks , Randy
 Bought this model as a replacement to my old -LRB- 12 + yrs -RRB- G-Shock , even if the later is still running . Easy to use with all its great features . Well made for outdoor and rugged use . Price at Amazon is also fantastic . I bought another one as a gift .
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 My boyfriend and I used this tent for our first go at camping . I was drawn to this tent because it was large enough for my boyfriend to stand , theres space for AIR and our things . I 'm not sure if we 'll want to much space as the temperature cools -- but this tent met those expectations . ---------------------- Directions are BRUTAL ---------------------- Setting up the tent was difficult , as the pictures showed you a very small portion of the large image . For example , if you were supposed to turn on the stove by pushing an on button , the photo would only show your hand on the button -- leaving no clues as to where the button was . We eventually figured out what a sleeve was -LRB- the compartments that hold the poles -RRB- and were on a role until we got to the rain fly . The sleeve on the underside was nonexistent . There was one on the outside , but that would have left the pole exposed . So , we skipped part A to that step , stuck the pole ends into the area around the door and called it a day . I also noticed that we could have possibly used the poles holding the rest of the tent to secure the fly . This was not in the directions . ---------------------- Windows ---------------------- Theres a brilliant view ... but no privacy unless you cover them with the rain fly . You can unzip the fly from the outside . . but are you really going to want to get up , go outside and rezip when theres a chance of rain in the middle of the night when you 're done stargazing ? ... Instead we opened the door window -LRB- which was screened -RRB- . We had a great view from the one side of our tent.Also , there are two screened hooded openings which serve as vents . They worked fabulously . We did have to close them when it was raining because we were getting splashed . The tent was comfy -- and did n't get humid until the sun started to rise . I cant say if reopening vents would help -- because we took down the tent at this point to beat the sun and head on our way . ---------------------- Leaked in the Rain ---------------------- Maybe it was the skipped step in the fly directions ? We had a small leak around the door ? My sleeping bag was wet around the bottom corner . About the size of a large book . Nothing else was wet when I woke up -- And I do n't think it was a ton of water because I did n't feel the water from inside the tent . It was a fair amount of rain with a lot of wind . The shoe mat on the outside filled with water . Our shoes were wet . Luckily , they were sandals . It did n't matter . ---------------------- Secure Large and Structure ---------------------- The wind woke me up during the night because it picked up right before the rain started . We had a few things along the walls we had to move -LRB- glasses , wine ... breakables -RRB- . the walls moved like crazy -- but we were able to sit comfy . We had the cooler in one of the corners ourselves in the other , our things in another corner and the tent box , garbage bag , wine opener , utensils in the other . This might have helped the tent stay down , as these things were heavy . We had plenty of room , and were both able to stand and change inside the tent . My boyfriend is 6 `` 2 . ---------------------- Pockets ---------------------- We also also made use of the pockets . Cell phones , Luna Bars , Gum , Water Bottles ... The cup holders are a joke . If you put anything in there , it 'll lean ridiculously and probably fall out . We put a few small things inside . We also made use of overhead pockets for light things . Deoderant , towels -- etc. ---------------------- We Did n't Use ---------------------- The two small unscreened doors , or the triangular privacy walls that seemed to fit nowhere in the tent . ---------------------- Taking Down the Tent ---------------------- We did n't bother with the directions . We just went backwards . Unclipped everything , steaks , yellow sticks , blue ones -- All good until we got to folding the thing and getting it back in the bag . The tent was also still wet -- so I 'd assume it 'll smell bad the next time ? No clue at this point . The stuffing took way longer than unfolding . But -- then too , we both suck at rerolling sleeping bags . Maybe you 'll be an expert at repacking . ---------------------- Overall ---------------------- I 'd say this involved a lot of teamwork on our part . Being our first camping excursion -- we had to work together because there is no way to set this tent up alone . We were working from different angles and could n't see each other so be prepared to use descriptive words . We spent the night bug free . The light inside was useful when you needed that one last thing in the dark . The remote control is a nice feature that we did n't use because we did n't have the right kind of batteries . It was a comfy cosy night .
 First off , I 've been camping since I was a kid . I 've set up many tents . This one , contrary to some reviews , is not all that tough to set up . I put it up the first time by myself in some wind . It is easier with 2 people , but not that bad.It is a good tent for car camping . Unlike many , it lives up to the `` sleeps 5-6 '' claim - it is HUGE!I agree with another review that indicated it almost has to have the rain fly on unless the weather is very nice . 2/3 of the back is mesh , so you 'll get very cold without the fly . The good thing is the fly can be opened up pretty well to still let air through.Do not buy this tent for the list of features . The `` gear lockers '' are just a marketing ploy . The zippered doors to let you access these areas are a nice touch - good for putting shoes , bathroom supplies , tequila , etc in the tent without opening the big door . The dividers that turn this inside space into a `` locker '' are ridiculous . Some of the features I read about must have been from older versions of the tent -LRB- zippered floor , clear windows in the rain fly , etc -RRB- because they ai n't on my tent . The vents low on the walls do work well to keep things from getting too humid inside . The cup holders are so-so but mainly a novelty . The gear loft that mounts up high could be useful , but it also blocks what would otherwise be a loop to hang a light from . I have n't tried the little remote control light as it requires a battery I do n't have -LRB- c'mon guys , ever heard of AA 's ? -RRB- and beside I always use my headlamp anyway.The slight negative - the @ $ # ^ !!! tent stakes ! Look people , this is a really heavy tent for car camping , what 's with the idiotic light aluminum `` nails '' for stakes ? Are we trying to save weight so I can carry this boat anchor of a tent in my backpack ? Dream on ! I tried to put one into semi-hard dirt and it bent like a pretzel . The tent will stand on its own without stakes , but needs them to reach fully stretched out dimensions . Luckily I have my own custom stakes that are strong enough to literally pound through rocks.Overall - a good tent and a good value for $ 140 . I would buy it again . Just do n't be taken in by the crazy little features that either are useless , semi-useless , or do n't exist and replace those stupid stakes at the same time you buy the tent!I have not yet tried it in the wet - hoping to not have to for awhile . I have tried it in some wind , but not a lot . Hoping that wo n't happen tonight when I camp !
 I have had this tent for a month now and I love it ! Assembly is a little complicated , but this tent was well worth the money . Once together , it holds it 's shape even under very windy conditions . Five people will sleep comfortably in this tent . There are a lot of pieces to this thing , and it 's like the icing on the cake ! I have never owned a tent with cup holders and a dome light with remote until now . The dome light can be attached inside or outside this tent . This oddly shaped tent is by far , the best I 've ever slept in . The vents work just like they are supposed to . When it 's hot , simply unzip the two vents on the sides -LRB- bottom left and right -RRB- or zip them up to stay warm on those cold nights . Even if it rains , you wo n't get wet in this thing either ! The lightweight aluminum stakes are bigger than I would have thought , but they do work well if you are careful durning setup . The storage bag expands for easy repacking and then simply zips around once closed to shrink making this tent one of the easiest to put away . This tent deserves 5 stars and I would definately buy this one , or one just like it all over again !
 We did n't test this tent in the wind , however the shape and stakes seem like it would do great . The tent is HUGE . My 6 ' 1 husband could move around easily . We set up the baby playpen , a double air bed and had plenty of room for backpacks , dogs and a fan . It 's family camping at it 's best .
 It took only a matter of minutes to put up the tent , and it is very comfortable inside . The light that comes with it at the top of the tent really helped , and was a great bonus to an already great product .
 This is truely a great tent . Love the center height and the ability to stand up and get changed . We use this with a queen sized bed , a folding chair and plenty of extra room for the suitcase and odds and ends . We have used the buddy tent heater many times with this tent and it is just a great all around Mom and Dad tent . We recently purchased another on sale ... just in case . For anyone tempted to Cpap while camping ... this is the tent for you . The battery is easily accessable using the small access doors . As far as leaking concerns ... this tent is great . We also pitch one of those folding 10X10s from Walmart and we say nice and dry .
 This is a well thought out tent that is easy to setup and take down , and was plenty big enough for our family -LRB- of four -RRB- camping trip . Only reason this is not a 5 star rating is due to the battery operated nightlight - which was completely inadequate , and which ended up in the trash .
 Tent met all expectations for the $ , plus . Easy to assemble , easy to dismantle ... great air flow , easy access . Well designed tent fly . More then comfortable for -LRB- 3 -RRB- using cots or -LRB- 5 -RRB- on floor using sleeping bags . GREAT buy for the $ which included shipping.Had an easy loading storage bag and a few extra goodies not noted in the advertisement .
 The tent is very compact when it is packed and can be assembled by one person . The interrior room is great . I am 6 ft and can stand in the middle of the tent . The extra pockets , windows and accesories are all good . it can fit 4 adults and a couple of bags . I can fit a queen blow-up matress in it real easy.The bad
 This tent is very spacious and easy to erect . I love the ventilation and side area for our gear . It is also big enough to hold two twin matresses without eating up all the space . The ability to stand up inside the tent , light with remote and cupholders are nice additions .
 I 'm a novice when it comes to camping , but this past summer I purchased the Columbia Bugaboo tent to go camping in Vermont.This tent was absolutely perfect . I was alone , but there was plenty of room for a queen air mattress , a cooler , luggage , and more . It was over 92 degrees during the day , and my tent was breatheable , due to the screen windows and the vents at the bottom of the tent.The large screen window does n't really give the greatest sense of privacy , though . I was camping with a bunch of teens , and sure enough , they would undo the rainfly and see me sleeping in the morning , but hey , just make sure you have clothes on , right?It was easy for me to set up - that 's right - one person can set this up , and within 40 minutes , the tent was up and anchored . I had no problem with my stakes , as some have reported.I did n't bother with all of the `` gadgets '' that came with the tent . I did however love the little remote controlled light that came with it.As with all tents , it is important to seal it , which I did prior to camping . I had zero leaks and just thoroughly enjoyed the tent and the experience . Others commented on the style of the tent , and I am glad I made the investment .
 After returning the first tent I bought after only one night , I purchased the Bugaboo . I 'm very pleased with the quality for the price.Pro
 After a 4 day campout my husband and I knew this was the best choice for us , after some concerns that it was ` too big ' . But we wanted the height . . It stood up some intense wind , and was terrific to have so much room ! Recently , put up -LRB- and taken down -RRB- in short time with two grandmas and two 6-yr olds ! Room to stand is great for changing clothes , bottle holders are hard to snap on but that was insignificant compared to the ease of everything else ! Good ventilation and , so far , seems quite sturdy and easy to clean . Space for gear , space for sleeping and space to move around !
 I purchased this tent relying completely on the reviews of previous buyers . I am happy to say I was not disappointed and I think it lives up to all five stars!Setting up the tent even in the dark was simple when following the directions and 2 or 3 people can do this quickly.Due to certain reviews I took the advice to use sealant on the seam with the tag in case of rain and during a night of rain we were able to test this . Not one person felt wet!The size of the tent is generous 3 or 4 people with a sizable amount of gear would be comfortable . If you are using it solely for sleep without gear my friends and I were able to fit 6 snugly but still comfortably for a couple nights.We found it easily ventilated , bright , and spacious with standing room . I am proud to say I am now the proud owner of what my friends refer to as '' The Hilton '' . The next camping trip is in the works !
 I have spent alot of time over the past few years buying , returning and researching tents . I wanted something that I could stand up in , had a full coverage fly and seemed well ventilated . I began with some Colemans and found that their fly design left alot to be desired . Other tents had great coverage , but not much ventilation . Surfing through Amazon I saw the reviews and decided to pick up the Bugaboo.I 'll just say that this tent has everything I 've been looking for . Full coverage fly that can be partially opened up for more ventilation . The Cyclone system that also allows air through even in rain adds to the overall `` airyness '' of the tent . No stifling condensation here . It was easy to set up with two people . More importantly it was by far the easiest tent I have ever packed up and stored . The bag it comes with is perfect , I did n't even need to expand it!Used it for the first time last weekend at Devil 's Lake . Ihave to admit that I was freezing cold , but the tent held up well in high wind and was just the perfect size for three adults . It was n't rain tested on this trip -LRB- something I am very thankful for -RRB- but we 'll have to see how it performs in the rain next spring . The only things I would change about this tent are the stakes that it comes with and I would also like to see a full coverage vestibule . ** Update ** Took the Bugaboo on a few rainy trips last summer and fall . Using a tarp and NO extra sealer or water repellant the tent stayed completely dry . The vents at the bottom promoted ventilation and it worked wonderfully . This would make me give the tent more stars if it was possible.Highly recommended tent . I spent alot of time searching for just the right one and I believe I 've found it in the Bugaboo .
 We upgraded to this tent after a year of a small -LRB- 7 ' -9 ' -RRB- tent that we had to crawl in and out of -- and we are not so young anymore , it was really hard on our knees . Plus , having only started tent camping last year , we had not wanted to spend a lot on a tent until we knew we were really in to camping . Our first camping trip with this tent not only showed us what a good buy it was but also that we really are tentcampers ! We went on a 3-night trip to North Carolina last week -LRB- mid-October -RRB- . The first night the weather was great ; the second night , high up on the Blue Ridge Parkway -LRB- 4000 ' -RRB- , it rained pretty much all night ; the third night was extremely windy and turned cold . We had no leaks -LRB- and had n't sealed the seams -RRB- and the tent held up wonderfully in the VERY strong winds . We are getting faster at setting it up and my husband insisted on trying it by himself the last time and had no problems . It is so spacious and our dog loves her own little doors .
 I researched family dome tents and based on recommendations and reviews landed on the Columbia Bugaboo as the best value for the money . First , I agree that the stakes should be of higher quality , but I knew that they would n't be so I purchased additional high quality stakes . We camped with friends and family - the Bugaboo was the only dry tent out of three after heavy rains the first night . Dry is good . Dry is good enough to make our purchase of the Bugaboo look like genius . When everyone else came back from the laundromat , we had a stringer of fish.In addition to our happiness at not having to go into town to find a coin operated dryer the next day , we also enjoyed the air cirulation despite the fact that we had everything pretty buttoned up and the rain fly on all weekend.This is an excellent tent for car camping and withstood a reasonably strong central Illinois thunderstorm without problems . We only had two people in the tent -LRB- on cots -RRB- so I 'm not qualified to tell you about how comfortable it is for 3 , 4 , or 5 , but I would n't hesitate to put two grandkids in with my wife and I.
 We purchased this tent to take our kids car camping . It is relatively easy to set up with color-coded polls and sleeves . The rainfly goes on relatively easily -LRB- though you can not pull it off half-way easily to let air circulate -RRB- . The tent and rainfly kept us absolutely dry in a raging thunderstorm that lasted the entire night . In a storm , because of the rainfly design -LRB- it forms a wide `` mouth '' around the door -RRB- , you 'll have to take you shoes inside the tent . The only way to clean out dirt is to sweep -LRB- tough to raise this big tent up over your head and shake it out ... -RRB- The overall air circulation is good , thanks to the large amount of screened area . There was plenty of room for the four of us and our clothes , etc. . . The pockets are handy . The only drawback is the front door zipper design . It 's a bit difficult to open near the bottom.We did n't really think the `` lockers '' were all that great -LRB- though the kids like to crawl in and out of the tent using them -RRB- , and the dividers that come with the tent to use the lockers are poorly designed . The stakes are flimsy.The set-up/tear-down directions are sewn right into the carrying case , which is nice . Refolding this puppy is kind of tough , but not impossible for someone with a bit of tent folding experience.I would recommend this tent for car camping for a group of no more than five .
 This tent is really good . I have only used it for two nights , but it did well . The first night was in Minnesota , and it rained . There was no leaking at all , however , I put seam-grip on all of the seams . -LRB- My standard proceedure whenever I get a new tent becasue all tents leak from the needle holes . -RRB- The second night was in the Badlands of South Dakota . The wind was relentless , which made setup a little more time-consuming , but it had no problem withstanding the gusts . Head-room is wonderful , and the cyclone vents are a great idea . Had room for a queen air mattress , suicase , cooler , and plenty of walking room . Set-up is manageable with one person taller than 5-10 , but 2 people greatly accelerate the process . Highly reccomended !
 We had originally purchased a tent from a Big-Box store for family camping and Cub Scout campouts . That tent lasted 2 campouts before the tent stake loops ripped 2 holes in the floor . We decided to invest more money into a quality tent . The Columbia tent was easy to set up , plus the cargo doors and vent openings add a lot of value . The zippers on the rainfly were very useful in ventilation . Remember the old saying , `` You get what you pay for '' !
 This tent withstood POURING rain the first night out . We stayed dry although a bit of water dripped in from the rainfly zipper seam midway up the back side of the tent . I had not put any seam sealer on at this point but did that later . We were using a footprint under the tent as well.Used this tent on 2 campouts so far . Goes up easily . The stakes are lousy at best . The ground has been very hard here the last few months . How much more would it cost Columbia to supply decent stakes ? I 'd even pay any extra 10 bucks for them just so I would n't have the aggravation of having to purchase new better ones right away.So far I would say I 'd buy this tent again . Has some nice features with the overhead storage , cup holders . Oh , one last thing . The remote controlled light lasted 30 seconds , went out and has not worked since . Bad bulb ? I do n't know . I think the remote control is a bit over the top but , if it 's 10 degrees and I 'm in a warm bag , I guess the remote would be a nice thing to have , that is , if the light worked .
 Very easy to setup . We watched from our tent as other campers huddled in their cars during a torrential downpour . No water got inside at all . Found a very small hole near the bottom , but it was easily fixed with duct tape . Very happy with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good tent .
 I used this tent for the first time last weekend for a camping and kayking jaunt . . it was easy to put together , kept the bugs out , loved the little doggie doors !! -LRB- we brought our dog and she loved it too -RRB- . Appreciated the little touches such as drink holders and gear stowaway . Plus - its so roomy and the height is wonderful ! Definitely worth the money ... I hope to enjoy this tent for many years ...
 We just spent a week in Rushing Creek TN , in this great little tent . Great for two and lots of storage , or three comfortably . Four would be a very cozy arrangement and I 'm not sure where you 'd stick number five . Not a backpacking tent . Ventilation is great . Set up is quick and logical . Rain was not a problem , but I always seal my seams . The storage pockets were very functional and I must admit it was nice to have a bottle of water in the cup holder . Still have not figured out where the other attachments go , as we did n't need them . I purchased new tent stakes before taking it out and I 'm glad I did . You 'd be okay with what they send in soft ground . I believe that nothing ever goes back into the original package and getting all of the Bugaboo back into its ' case did n't happen . Overall , I 'm very satisfied .
 If you 're buying a Columbia Bugaboo , buy this one . It is the Bugaboo I. Columbia has replaced this I with Bugaboo II and it is n't nearly as good of quality as this one . Even the bag of the II is n't as nice . The floor in the II is much thinner and a different material than this one . The accessories , cup holders and storage areas are cheaply made in the II . You can tell the difference in color , the I is blue and yellow , the II is green and blue.Be aware of the 9 ' x 12 ' size and that it includes the storage spaces on either side of the door . If you use cots or need a particular length , the actual useable size is closer to 7 ' x 10 ' . That probably works for many.I had to return mine because we needed a true 9x12 , but after putting it up and looking at it , I thought it was a great tent . You would always use the rain guard because of the mesh , but with the zippers on the rain guard you can open it up to allow breezes in during hot weather . Likewise with the lower vents.The light and door mat are a bit gimmicky and I doubt much use .
 I bought this tent after much research . My previous tent was great at keeping water in , but not out , and was much too small . My only requirements were that I be able to stand up to change clothes -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 5 -RRB- , that it be easy enough for me and my daughter to put up by ourselves , and that it be relatively waterproof.The first time we used it , we took along my best friend and her daughter . The two girls and I were able to put it together -LRB- the first time ! -RRB- in a matter of minutes . That time , we only took sleeping bags , and all fit comfortably . We did not have electricity at that campsite , but with the windows , we were nice and cool . It also fit back into the bag quite easily.The second time we used it -LRB- after it sitting in a cabinet for two years -RRB- , the girls and I were once again able to put it together in less than 10 minutes . There were no holes , weak spots , or any other fabric problems in spite of being tucked away for so long.We were out for two nights , and it rained both nights , pretty steadily . We stayed completely dry ! That 's even without any additional waterproofing on our part.As for size , we squeezed in four twin air mattresses . It was a little snug from left to right , but there was a little extra room from back to front . Although it was snug , it was NOT tight , so no worries about damaging seams.It was too windy when we packed up to get it folded tight enough to go back in the bag , which is okay since we 're using it again in two weeks.I highly recommend this tent . Both times I have used it , I got several compliments on its sturdiness , size , and overall look . Having this tent has made camping so enjoyable , we are definitely going to do it a lot more often .
 This is a great tent . It is easy to set up -- two of us set it up in 15-20 minutes with only occasional references to the directions . It 's pretty darn self-explanatory . I took it down by myself while talking on the phone and it could n't have been easier . Alot of reviews have expressed doubt about sleeping 5 people in this tent , but we comfortably fit 2 adults , our 3 boys -LRB- ages 5 , 7 , and 10 -RRB- and our 75lb English Setter . With our car on site to stow some of our gear , we had no problems . Excellent tent for the money !
 I bought this tent after checking a lot of reviews on Amazon and other sites . It has spacious floor space with plenty of overhead height to get dressed standing up for the wife and myself . It goes up fairly easy with one person but a LOT easier with two . Floor space is enough for 3 with gear , 4 without gear-with room to move around , but I do n't see 5 unless it 's with people 5 ' 5 '' tall or less and no gear.I thought the tent was well made with a lot of features of higher end tents . The poles are colour matched to the sleeves they go through and when assembled there are ties that hold the poles together to make the tent rigid . Also there are about a dozen spots to stake down to make the tent stay put . As others have said , get different stakes . The original ones are ok but only for a little while . I have several different ones for different soil conditions , from previous camping seasons.The first night I used it with my daughter it was breezy and cold and no rain . We got very cold due to lack of heat retention . The tent did very well with the original stakes.The second night it was also cold then we had light rain for about an hour and half to two hours . Again the tent did really well without any leaks from any part of the tent . This surprised me after some of the other reviews said theirs had leaked in spots.In all , the tent is spacious , comfortable , tall , and sturdy . This will be a great spring , summer , and fall tent for the family . We will have to purchase new sleeping bags for cooler weather , as it did n't hold the heat in , due to the mesh and height . It is n't light , at 21 lbs it is not a backpacking tent . But it is also affordable . Others I priced were going to run me a 2-3 hundred dollars and up for the same size and features . As long as the poles hold up , and it is taken care of , I see this tent lasting a long time .
 I have used this tent 3 times now and it is a great family tent for those newly introduced to car camping . My two pre-teen kids and I set it up in about 20-25 minutes and it is roomy . The three of us slept comfortably with ALL our gear inside the tent as well . Our first trip out it rained steady for a day and a half and the tent remained completely dry ! The two vents near the base of the tent really do keep the air circulating well . Camping with this tent has been a wonderful experience and I would recommend it to anyone .
 This is the first tent I have owned where I have n't had to do extensive aftermarket waterproofing . Actually , I have done no aftermarket waterproofing on this tent , because it just did n't need it . For the money and size , this is an excellent tent for people car camping . I would n't want to carry it too far from the car , as it 's unwieldy and heavy , but I did n't buy this for frontier wilderness camping so it serves my purposes well.Nice things about this tent : - Easy to put together . My first trip out with this tent , I was the only one with any prior experience , but with the help of one other person we got this up in less than 15 minutes with a strong wind blowing . I consulted the directions when things were n't intuitive , and they were simple and easy to understand . If you 've put many tents together in the past , you can probably skip the directions . - It is spacious . It fits four adults comfortably with ample room for a small cooler , packs , and a dozen board games . Make sure you 've pulled all corners completely out or you 'll lose space - if it is put together properly you can fit six women in this tent , as long as you do n't mind close quarters and leave the majority of items in the car . - It 's very well-ventilated . That first camping trip was October in New England and it stormed most of the weekend . We could open the windows even though it was raining outside and not worry about water coming inside . - Waterproof . There are a few places that water can get in , but the tent itself is more waterproof than any tent I 've owned in the past . Be careful of the small zippered slot on the front left of the tent - it 's convenient to put the cord for inflatable air mattresses through , but if you do not close it back properly you will find a small amount of water might leak inside -LRB- about a cup overnight -RRB- . You do n't need to put a tarp under the tent , the bottom is completely waterproof . - It comes with a light and remote , but we played so many board games we ended up hanging a lantern from the ceiling with no problem . - Height - I hate bending over , and my back hates it more . You can stand up straight in this tent . Keep in mind it is a dome tent though , so it slopes towards the sides . - Pockets - great for putting things you need to keep handy.Things I would change about this tent : - Stakes . These were not the greatest , especially in the wind with a sandy/rocky ground below the tent . I plan on replacing some with more heavy-duty stakes . - Dividers/attic - I discarded these , they are not something I would ever use , and I did n't see how to put them up . - Floor mat - it hooked to the tent , but I think it would be more useful if it were just attached along one edge.Overall , this is a great tent and my friends and I have a lot of fun camping with it .
 We purchased this tent for a 23 day summer airplane camping trip . It was easy to pack , store and put up . We took a test trip in the Sierra Nevadas with our dogs , and they loved the side doors , they thought they were their doggie doors ! We put it up the first time after dark and had no problems . It was 39 degress at 10,300 ' and we were comfortable - plenty of head room too . Also , the vent system worked well in heavy rain and wind and most of all in ` very humid conditions ' at the Oshkosh Fly-in . A queen air mattress , chairs and all of our stuff , we still had room to play cards during the rain . It was perfect for our needs . Others across the country asked ` what it was and where they could get one ' ! I recommend
 My wife and I -LRB- and our dog -RRB- have used the tent a couple times now and love it ! We were looking for a larger , and taller inside tent then our 7 ' x 9 ' Coleman dome . The Columbia Bugaboo is easy to set up , but of course we set it at home one evening before taking it out on a trip . Should do that with any tent . Although we are slightly disappointed at the dimensions not being as large as the 12 ' x 9 ' that they market this at , it is still a lot bigger than our old dome and a really cool inside `` floorplan '' . Great height -LRB- 76 '' -RRB- ! I doubt this thing will sleep 5 like they claim . You could probably sleep 4 and have room for your bags though.Stays dry in rain ! Stays warm on cold nights -LRB- you will need to use the rain fly to stay warm because the whole back half of the tent is screen , which I like ! -RRB- and cool when it 's hot , due to the Cyclone Venting System -LRB- vents at the bottom of the sides that you can zip open and closed -RRB- . Columbia really markets this thing well with all the little features and gadgets like quick-release buckle system on the rain fly , two hanging cup holders , removable door mat , Cyclone Venting System , remote-controlled outside light , triangle area dividers , two storage foot locker small door thingies , cool carry bag with handle , the overhead cargo net , and so on , but once you get the tent set up and are using it , you will see that NOT ALL those features are that great.I do really like the cup holders , the venting system , the light -LRB- for when I am coming back from the restroom and flash it couple times to see where the tent is -RRB- , and the quick-release buckle system on the rain fly , and the little door thingies on either side of the main door are cool , but like some reviews stated , the zippers get stuck on the fabric really bad on those little doggie/cargo/foot locker doors so we did n't use these as much as I thought we would -LRB- these doors are part of the reason I bought this particular tent -RRB- . None of the other zippers are a problem like reviews said they were ?!?!? We also do n't use the ridiculous triangle area dividers , not sure what the purpose is of those . We like the idea of the overhead cargo net , but it is in the way for a 6 foot tall person like me , se we do n't use that either . We would use the supplied door mat , but it takes more time at set up and we prefer to use our own door mat.I have seen people complain on these reviews about not having a `` footprint '' or tarp for underneath not coming with the tent , but I rarely see those provided with tents in this price point so relax people and go to Lowes/Home Depot or Walmart/Target and buy an $ 8 12 ' x 9 ' tarp!Overall , this tent is awesome ! We love it ! Seems to be very quality and that is the most important thing to me . Features are cool , but did n't use all of them . And for the $ 119.00 price that I got it at , you ca n't lose!Buy it !
 This tent is great , spacious for it 's size and an easy set up.Would recommend this tent to anyone who weekend camps or for even longer.Zippers all work great and the storage aread are nice to have . Fits easily on sites and it fit a queen double high air matress .
 This has been a great tent so far . The setup was easy , and took no time at all . Great headroom , and plenty of space . We actually set up without the rainfly , and were woken up by a 4:30 a.m. rainstorm . The rainfly went on in no time , with me holding the flashlight in my mouth . Since it was the first time I had put it on , and it was dark , I was impressed with how easy it was to figure out in a rush , without directions .
 I got it kinda of late into the summer , so it has only been used for two nights . I found that it was especially easy to set it up and put it away . I also found that 2 adults and 3 children are very comfortable inside .
 I just joined a camp club and bought this tent in Dec. 07 . I set it up in big winds in my backyard first as people have suggested . We had no problem . But I have set up many tents . It worked beautifully in high winds in Jan. . Held all my stuff and a porta potty . I just used it last month , and not much wind . I set it up by myself in the dark . But , when I took it down , I noticed one of the blue shock cords was splintered half way down . I have no idea when this happened . I am going to try to get another one before my trip this month . Other than the shock cord issue , I love it . Hopefully I wo n't have a problem getting the shock cord replaced . If I do , you 'll be the first to know , lol . Happy camping , Sherry : -RRB-
 I was sold on this tent after seeing it tumble down the slickrock due to a monsoon that hit while we were in the middle of the desert . To make a long story short , I thought for sure the tent would be completely thrashed and to my dismay it was still fully intact ! Imagine seeing your tent with all of you belongings rolling like a tumble weed . If this tent was able to withstand this abuse and still come out on top , it will do great for the normal fun of the mill camping trips we go on . I have a peace of my knowing that if the weather takes a turn for the worse my family will stay dry and the tent will not fail to do it 's job !! I strongly recommend this tent !! I do not regret having purchased it !
 I bought this tent to go to Cub Scout camp with my son . I enjoyed the ease of the tent 's assembly -LRB- you need two people , though , -RRB- the way the air circulated on warm evenings and the way it stayed dry through lots of rain even though I had the lower air vents open and the windows unzipped at the top . However , I planned on all 4 of us using this tent during next year 's family camping outing , but I do n't think it 's big enough to be truly comfortable for that . I used a queen sized Coleman air mattress which only fit in the middle so it would n't touch the sides . There was plenty of room for my duffle , but not for another air mattress of any size . Without the air mattress , I think three people -LRB- maybe four if two were children and nobody minded being close -RRB- could fit comfortably if they did n't keep luggage in the tent . I should note that that the door 's zipper did catch on the surrounding fabric rather easily , but it was easily freed without causing any damage .
 I bought the other tent mentioned , the 10X10 Columbia Black Mountain , first , and ended up returning it to get the Bugaboo as the rainfly looked ... well , questionable when set up , and here in the Pacific Northwest it 's a kinda significant feature . Interestingly , the 100 square foot `` 6 person '' Black Mountain , similar in height and general features -LRB- except rainfly -RRB- feels much more spacious than the supposedly slightly larger 9X12 -LRB- 108 ' -RRB- 5 person Bugaboo , and we did n't expect that looking at the stated dimensions . The beveled ends seem to suck up wads of space , and although 2 queen air mattresses fit , nearly touching walls , with a few inches to spare between , do n't expect to put much luggage/bags or the dog inside too . I agree with most other commentary here , although it would be amusing to watch one person set up this beast -LRB- not impossible but 2 people are the way to go , and if you 're using this tent and you 're alone you 're overhoused by a factor of 3 unless you 've got a safari to administer or maybe a Smart car to bunk with -RRB- . Oh , and the Black Mountain is a hulking 31 pounds due to some heavy duty poles , while the Bugaboo is 21 , and that was very noticeable . For 3 or 4 people , and an adjacent vehicle for luggage , the more lightweight Bugaboo is the answer .
 The tent is excellent !! Love the remote control that comes with the tent !! The tent gives us plenty of room and there is plenty of head room for standing up while in the tent .
 I FOUND THIS COLUMBIA BUGABOO TENT VERY EASY TO SET UP AS ALL OF THE FIBERGLASS TENT POLES ARE COLOR CODED . BLUE GO IN BLUE SLEEVES , YELLOW POLES IN YELLOW SLEEVES . NEVER EVEN HAD TO LOOK AT THE DIRECTIONS . WHAT I DID FIND IS THAT THE CENTER OF THE TENT GOES UP MUCH EASER IF A SECOND PERSON LIFTS THE FIBERGLASS POLES THAT PASS OVER THE TOP OF THE TENT WHILE THE OTHER PERSON FASTENS THE FIBERGLASS POLES TO THE METAL CLIPS ON EACH CORNOR OF THE TENT AT THE BASE.THIS BUGABOO TENT IS GREAT , LOTS OF ROOM , FOR MY WIFE , MYSELF AND TWO LARGE DALMATION DOGS . NO ONE GOT SQUEEZED . THE TENT IS VERY WATERPROOF AND NEVER FOUND ANY LEEKS OR WATER IN THE TENT . I LIKE ALL THE SCREEN WINDOWS UNDER THE RAIN FLY THAT CAN BE OPENED UP TO KEEP THE TENT COOL ON HOT DAYS.IF YOU BUY A BUGABOO TENT CHECK THE SCREENS AND WINDOWS FIRST TIME YOU SET UP THE TENT . WE HAD TO RETURN OUR FIRST TWO BUBABOO TENTS BECAUSE I FOUND THERE WERE SEVERAL PENCEL SIZE ERASER HOLES WHICH COULD ALLOW BUGS THROUGH . THIS WAS A MANUFACTURE DEFECT WHEN THE TENT WAS MADE.OVERALL THIS IS THE BEST TENT I 'VE EVER HAD . MY WIFE AND I AIRPLANE CAMP IN A SMALL GENERAL AVATION AIRPLANE , BECAUSE OF THAT WE ARE VERY WEIGHT CONSCIOUS . THE BUBABOO WORKS WELL WEIGHT WISE FOR US .
 Lo escribo en espa & ntilde ; ol por que estoy en Venezuela , esta carpa es incre&iacute;ble , ya antes hab&iacute;a probado con otras carpas -LRB- coleman sobre todo -RRB- para nada como esta . la primera noche la lluvia estuvo inclemente y dentro de la carpa esta todo totalmente seco , cero condensaci&oacute;n , el sistema de ventilaci&oacute;n funciona de maravilla , las entradas laterales se pueden abrir tambi&eacute;n para mejorar la ventilaci&oacute;n de la carpa , los accesorios para los vasos , la malla del techo , la luz con control remoto.de verdad la recomiendo y el precio es rid&iacute;culo en comparaci&oacute;n con los beneficios que te ofrece
 When I ordered this tent I was needing a tent for 3 people to hunt out of . After I set it up I was extremely disappointed with how small it actually was . I put a cot in it and there was not much room left for anyone else . This tent went up very well . One very frustrating thing was every time you came out the front door you hit the rainfly pole and knocked it down . I believe you could comfortably put two people camping in this tent for more than one day . Three people if you had to .
 I 've used this tent twice for one night each time . It 's pretty painless to set up , although having two people definitely helps . It 's difficult to find the sleeve in the rainfly for the rainfly pole . Other than that , not too bad.The tent has held up well . It ventilates nicely and those doors on the side of the main door are great for the dog to go in and out . I love the fact that I can stand up in the middle of the tent . The storage bag that comes with this tent expands so you need n't roll the thing precisely to pack it up.On the down side , I found the rainfly difficult to line up over the tent so that it would be completely snug . Also , the stakes that come with the tent are a little flimsy . I bent the first stake that I tried to push into the ground -LRB- using my hand , not a hammer -RRB- . Since then , the rest of the stakes have been OK.I bought the tent for $ 120 or $ 130 and I was very pleased with that price . it 's a steal at $ 100 .
 Only used this tent once since purchasing and it performed well . Set up was a breeze . Tent accommodated two adults and two kids with ease . Second night of camp came a downpour for an hour or so and we stayed dry . We sealed the seams and only had a little seepage on one of the bottom seams . This could have been eliminated had we planned better for drainage . Only complaint was the remote control light but that was n't a buying point . Overall we were pleased with the tent 's performance .
 I used my new Columbia Bugaboo Tent for the first time . I really like it.Takes about 20 min to set up but worth it.Very nice construction . No leaks . And it packs back into the furnished bag .
 After the initial set up in my back yard , this tent only took about 20 minutes to set up by myself when I took it camping . It is spacious enough for a family of 4 to sleep comfortably and has some nice little extras that were n't expected like 2 gear stowing cubbies on either side of the door , a battery operated interior light with a remote and a cargo sling on the roof of the tent . We did have some rain on the trip but we stayed dry as a bone in this tent . No problems whatsoever . Also a cinch to take down and stow . The tent storage bag is expandable and I had room to stow my ground cloth in there too . I highly recommend this tent for it 's ease of set up and great value .
 Previous reviewer covered pretty much everything , so I 'll be brief.My wife and I use this as a large 2 person tent . We have a large air mattress that sits 22 '' high and this tent accomodates it perfectly . Lots of room and quite comfy for 2 . You need the rainfly on for any privacy . The whole backside of the tent is a window screen and ca n't be covered unless the rainfly is on . Kind of goofy for a tent . As mentioned before , the cup holders are a joke . So is the internal privacy screen and the remote control light is rediculous . Not quite sure what you 're supposed to light with that . My mini-mag light puts out more light than that thing.Tent does take 2 people to put up . You might be able to put it up with one , but it 's not worth stressing the fiberglass poles and risk breaking them . Assembly is pretty straight forward if you 've assembled a dome tent before .
 After several damp camping outings we decided it was time for a new tent . This one is very nice ! The overhead storage and cup holders on the side are helpful . It has nice ventilation and the remote light is very handy . We were again rained on during our last camping trip and the tent stayed as dry as can be . It 's a great tent for its price .
 We took this tent camping shortly after we bought it . Fit 2 adults and a pack and play for our son with much room to spare . The third day of our trip it poured and we stayed dry . This tent seems built to last
 My husband and I ordered this tent because we were looking for something larger than the little dome tent he had left over from his bachelor days . We ended up getting this tent for a few different reasons - the size , the remote control light , and the vent system.The size
 I checked alot of tents and sites before purchasing this one and Columbia makes a terrific tent . I strongly suggest setting this up in your driveway before embarking on a camping adventure . directions are not the best as to putting what in where and how . After a few sessions at home , it all clicks as to how everything goes and and makes the whole process less stressful . Laying out all items , noting the front of tent and rain fly are big pluses to orientation and closing all zippers when dismantling the tent makes erection , next time a breeze . All in all , one of the better tents I 've seen and used , very few parts to lose or locate , large , roomy and well ventilated to keep interior cool , price was also a plus for size .
 I was very please with this purchase . Not only did I receive free super saver shipping that got my tent to me in 2 days . But this is a very great quality tent . I have read a couple of reviews where they have stated that the accessories were hard to hook up . Yes it 's not a quick snap on like the tent is to the outside poles . But it they create a nice convenience to the tent . I have n't taken it out for a weekend yet , but concept , the design , the features , and the detail put into it are keeping me quite satisfied .
 I bought this tent mainly because of the height . My main criteria was that I be able to stand up inside the tent to be able to change clothes easily . I agree with another poster that it does n't feel like a true 9x12 tent that it claims . I think the slanting walls of a dome-style tent take up a lot of the room you think you 're going to have . I have an airbed that is a double bed size and sits 22 inches high . It fit nicely and I still had room to put a small table along with 2 suitcases and assorted junk.The tent stakes are cheap and I actually had 2 bend while trying to put them in the ground . But its also fairly cheap to buy some sturdy tent stakes to use in the future . Do n't let that keep you from buying the tent , but know that you should probably go ahead and buy some at the same time that you buy the tent.The rainfly makes for a nice entryway overhang . Luckily it did n't rain on my trip , but I can see how the rainfly along with the vents at the bottom of the tent side walls would allow for nice venitilation without getting wet . I had nice ventilation at night by opening the vents at the bottom and opening each of the windows about 5 inches at the top . I had privacy to sleep and plenty of fresh air at the same time.I also noticed that the zipper on the door caught on the yellow fabric zipper guard along the outside of the zipper . But that was easily avoidable once I started holding my finger against the yellow fabric as I unzipped the door.I used the small foot lockers that are accessible from the outside to run my electric cord through for my light and fan . It worked very well so I was n't tripping over the cords running in the doors . I just put them through the footlocker door and zipped it snug to the cord . Worked beautifuly.The assembly of the tent is very easy and I did do it myself once . But it is much easier to have 2 people to put it up . Its much easier to have one person holding the end of the pole onto the peg while the other person puts the other end of the pole on the peg . Taking the tent down is easily a one person job . Just make sure you follow the directions for folding the tent back up and it will fit nicely into the provided bag.This tent is definitely worth the cost . I know have friends who are thinking of buying the same tent!Enjoy and happy camping !
 We purchased this tent so we can introduce our family -LRB- my wife , 2 young children -LRB- 4 and 3 -RRB- -RRB- to the joys of camping . This tent easily hold all 4 of us with plenty of room for another kid and all of our gear.The tent sets up quickly , but you need 2 people to properly pitch it - so one man setup is out . It becomes pretty tight and sturdy once properly setup and staked , and has very good ventilation.The directions are not the best in the world , but they will do .
 We bought The Columbia Bugaboo tent based on the positive amazon reviews and the design , with the rainfly almost reaching the ground for extra wind and rain protection . So many tents have a wimpy rainfly that would let wind and rain blow into into the sides . We felt the rainfly on the Bugaboo would work well in adverse conditions , and we were not disappointed.The tent performed well on our first outing to a remote high mesa in northern New Mexico in late September . Temperatures were mid-seventies during the days and around forty degrees at night.This was my first-ever camping experience and my husband is an `` Old Marine '' whose idea of camping is sleeping on the ground in the open next to a humvee , not my cup of tea . We looked at a lot of tents and I studied web reviews for weeks before purchasing the Columbia Bugaboo . I 'm somewhat claustrophobic , so wanted a larger tent with plenty of space for two people . We considered the Columbia Cougar Flats , but thought it would be too large , plus more difficult for the two of us to set up . It was quite windy when we arrived at our camping spot , so the decision to go with the smaller Bugaboo was a good one.Before our trip we practiced setting up the tent at home . Too bad this tent does n't have its own footprint , we bought a 10 x 12 tarp and folded it to fit under the Bugaboo . We found the tent fairly easy to set up by two adults . The instructions are provided on paper and a condensed version is on a tab sewn into the carry bag . We purchased several sets of sturdy metal and plastic stakes , which we used to fix the main loops of the tent to the ground . We used the lightweight stakes that come with the tent to secure the rainfly guylines.We had great sunny weather during our trip , but it was breezy to downright windy at times . The tent held up well to the winds , but we had very carefully anchored everything to the ground . I doubt the tent would have performed as well if we had neglected to secure all the tabs and lines , using the stronger stakes at key points.We did n't use the attic or shoe closet dividers , and I never could get the hooks for the cup holders to latch to the wall rings . Of course , the Old Marine thought cupholders in a tent the most ridiculous idea ever , but he did appreciate the quality of the tent and the several little accessories . The pocket flaps were very handy to hold eyeglasses , half-liter water bottles , and flashlights . We pretty well filled the tent with two Coleman cots , our sleeping bags with liners , and multiple duffle bags , totes , a plastic bin for odds and ends , etc. . I can not imagine how this tent could accommodate five people , but it was just right for two . Other reviewers are correct in commenting that the angled walls of the tent make it seem smaller than 9 x 12 . But the angle at the base of the tent makes ample room for bags and `` stuff . `` The plastic loop at the apex of the tent was nice for hanging a battery lantern . Other loops were large enough to hold hangers to air clothes during the day . We placed beach towels on all the floor areas except under the cots , very cozy for walking around . The doormat and exterior shoe doors were nice . We removed our shoes outside and used a small brush and dustpan on the doormat constantly , which kept dirt out of the tent interior.We were careful with the zippers , thanks to the reviews that warned about them . The shoe door zippers were the trickiest , requiring careful and patient slow motion to open and close . I was in charge of opening all the windows and zippers on the fly each day and appreciated the little pockets on the fly to store the guylines and the loops/toggles for securing the windows and flaps . The cyclone vents plus screened windows allowed good cross ventilation during the day . Like other reviewers , I wish the back window zipped closed , this is the one flaw in an otherwise great design and makes the tent unsuitable for truly cold weather.I would not hesitate to recommend the Columbia Bugaboo tent for use at temperatures of forty degrees and above . Ours is , as yet , untested in rainy conditions . We plan a trip to the same 7,100 ft. site again in mid-October . I 'm shopping for a tent heater prior to that jaunt !
 All in all this is a fabulous tent , as others have noted.We put this tent to the test on a hot August night that errupted in a major 1 hour thunderstorm with drenching rains for 2 hours . The tent stayed completely dry - except for the seam that had the `` In case of leaks ... '' instruction label stitched into it ! The seam holes around this label acted as a wick and sucked in a steady drip of rainwater in the center of the sleeping area . A dab of sealer should do the trick to make this tent 100 % dry.Also , potential buyers should note that this tent does NOT have the The `` Clean Sweep zippered floor flap '' mentioned in the product description above . This was a major selling point for my husband , and a disappointment when no zipper was found.We 've decided to keep the tent anyway , as the positives far outweigh these negatives .
 We purchased the tent based on Amazon reviews . Overall , the tent is a solid value , and held up well on the first trip . . We usually camp in the Smoky Mtn . national park , which tends to get its share of rain and cold weather . . On the first trip with this tent we got both , so we really got to experience the claims ... In general the reviews here are accurate . . Here a few of our own observations : - It is small for it 's advertised size . The dome structure takes away some , as does the `` porch '' , and the manufacturers were , ahem , generous in rounding up when they call it a 9x12 . Our 10x12 base tarp was considerably larger in both dimensions . There were two of us on our first trip , and a queen inflatable easily fit in the center , with plenty of room for gear on both sides . I think you could get 4 cots , or two `` full '' inflatables in the tent for 4 adults . Five adults would fit , but that is really pushing it.-Overall it stands up well to rain . We experienced about 12 hours of drenching rain , and did not have a tarp over the tent . One small leak developed on an overhead tieback . Other than that it was dry . Maybe a tablespoon of water . We siliconed the whole fly and all of the seams before taking it out , and I 'd recommend this process if you want to stay dry . On the second day the fly was starting to wick condensation where the poles touched , so we 'll be hitting with another can of sealer before the next outing . Overall , the floor held back the water very , very well . You could probably use this tent as a boat in a pinch ! - Setup of the tent is very intuitive , at least it was for us . . Poles are color coded , and if you take the time to center the poles and not force anything when setting up , pitching can easily be accomplished by one person , without ripping anything . At its pricepoint , this tent is as well/better constructed as anything else out there.-The concerns about privacy / cold air getting in / are real . Without the fly , this tent is basically a screen porch . OK in some situations , not the best for others ... Columbia should have added a zippered back window . This would give more options
 I got this tent over the summer because I had a six week archaeological field school.We bought this tent for the last three weeks because my friend and I were tired of listening to a tarp flap around and water puddles on the top of the house tent.The tent stayed up for three weeks straight . It was roomy enough for the two of us , sleeping bags , a large cooler , duffel bags , all of our field equipment , and occasionally folded up camp chairs when it rained . You have to be careful with the stakes because they bend easily when putting them in the ground but they can be replaced . We had problems with the directions at first but eventually figured it out . The seams and rain-fly are already water proof . All of the accessories were very nice . The cup holders worked out great and we used the light as a flash light . This tent did great in the rain and even the severe thunderstorms that came through . It stayed nearly vertical in a strong storm one morning while everyones tents had nearly blown over . We had no problems with water in the tent . The only time there was a puddle was during a thunderstorm because the rain blew in the vents at the bottom . Over all this was a great tent , the only mishaps were due to us not closing up the vents and the rain-fly all the way . We used this tent in June and part of July .
 The Bugaboo is a great tent for family camping out of the car . We have previously used backpacking tents , so the roominess of this tent was really nice . We liked being able to stand up in the middle of the tent . Has some great `` skylights '' and lots of ventilation . Held up well on its first camping trip to Maine , through rain and wind and all . Cupholders are a little over the top and did not work well , but everything else did !
 Bought this for my 60th birthday . I have n't been camping in 38 years . Last tent i used was a 100lb canvas umbrella tent . Soooo , I did n't know anything about this type of tent . I read the previous review about not being able to set it up alone so I decided to try it . I read the directions carefully and found them to be insufficient . I raked my spot , put out my ground tarp and laid out the tent on top of it . It comes in a nice carry duffle and the pack weighs about 25 lbs and has a plastic copy of the instructions sewn into it . I started at 2:30 PM -LRB- 93 degrees -RRB- and had it up by 3:15 PM . Not bad for a 60 year old woman who had never seen one of these before , except in pictures . BTW , I used my rake upside down to support the blue main poles while i slipped the loose end of the pole onto the second pin . I slept in the tent last night to try it out . I found it to be very comfortable both in the 93 degree heat and in the 70 degree morning temperature . Excellent air circulation ! It was a full moon last night and it was bright enough to see inside the tent ! I have only 2 criticisms . The tent stakes are not sufficient to hold that tent down in a wind storm if you are on sandy soil and the instructions are n't very complete . I just went around the tent examining it carefully and figured out all the fasteners ; some are velcro on the inside of the rain fly which help stabilize the tent . -LRB- The instructions mention only the quick clips . -RRB- As for size , the sloping walls would make it hard to sleep 5 adults but 2 adults and 3 children should be fine . Time will tell about its durability . My close examination of this product found it to be well designed , good materials , and carefully made .
 I purchased this tent for my husband & I to use with 2 cots for the tent . The tent boasts a 12X9 size , but I beg to differ . The entry-way eliminates some much-needed space , and if it were 12X9 , our 2 cots snuggly fit horizontally inside with a quaint spot to place our belongings at our feet . I think without the cots , you could fit 3 adults in this tent . In my opinion , people do not like to be sleeping like ` sardines ' , but have a little room . Overall , I am happy with this tent , it has nice features , great floor , and comes with a battery operated light that velro 's to the outside and ceiling of tent -LRB- with remote control ! -RRB- Easy to put together -LRB- 2 adults -RRB- and is completely dry to rain ! I 've seen the Black Mountain -LRB- columbia -RRB- and that is bigger and also a great value ! Happy Camping !
 My husband & I are really impressed with this Columbia Bugaboo ! We did not set it up at home prior to taking it camping -LRB- I know we should have but ran out of time ... yikes , that 's asking for trouble -RRB- ! But , we had no problems whatsoever getting it set up . And in jig time ! Plenty of room for the both of us and all our stuff ! I love the gear loft . I love the cup holders -LRB- great for waters -RRB- . I love the side air vents -LRB- great concept -RRB- . And I LOVE the tiny remote control nite lite ! Not real powerful but just enough to see yourself to bed when the other -LRB- me -RRB- is already sleeping ! The front door mat is kind of a joke ... but we have our own dirt catcher mat , so no matter . All in all we would highly recommend ! In fact , my best friend -LRB- and camping buddy -RRB- went on Amazon and ordered one for herself today ! So thanks Columbia & Amazon ! I 'm sure we 'll get many years of use out of our Bugaboo !
 In deciding what tent to buy for a family 's first camping tent , positive reviews from Amazon and other sites led us to buy the Columbia Bugaboo . Having purchased it through Amazon and using it last weekend with my son at a scout campground , I can honestly report that it is everything that others said it was and well-worthy of a `` 5 '' star rating . When selecting a tent , I was looking for 3 key features
 I have only used this tent twice
 We received this tent yesterday . The product is worth the price ! We set it up -LRB- easily -RRB- and slept in it last night with our 2 grandsons . There is plenty of room and it is a very well made tent . The added amenities are nice -LRB- cup holders and remote control light -RRB- . There is alot of storage space as well.We took it down this AM and put it back in the carry case and all fits in really well . We have purchased many tents over the years , when our own children were younger and backpacking tents for ourselves now and this is by far the nicest tent that we have owned .
 The Tent Is great . It is n't that hard to set up and it has penty of room for you and some friends and their gear . It is nice because I can stand up in it and move around . It has penty of ventalation . / It looks to be very water proof .
 Tent is a breeze to put up with 2 people , 15 minutes tops from start to finish ... . a little more difficult for a single person but still possible.Have had no problems with zippers hanging and have yet to take care when zipping anything.Love the clear height of the tent as I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and can easily stand and move around inside without having to stoop.With a queen size airbed still half the floor space in the tent is left for your gear making this a really great tent for 2 people like us who want alot of room to keep everything inside.The only thing I can think of that I wish was different on the tent would be for the large rear mesh window and roof opening to have a zippered cover like the side windows so you could fully enclose the tent without having to put the rain fly on.We are super happy with the tent overall and have not seen another tent in this price range that can even compare.Would for sure buy again .
 My girlfriend and I bought this tent as our first tent , planning to not have to buy one for a while ... For the price , the tent is a steal!Pros
 Great tent and easy to set up . My 8 year old daughter and I set it up in about 20 minutes and took it down in about 10 minutes . We used it camping along a river and the fog became very heavy causing a mist that was almost like rain . This tent did the perfect job of keeping us dry from the ground up . We used a queen sized air mattress and there was enough room for another one if needed . This is a great family tent .
 Fantastic product . Exceeded my expectations.I 'm not a `` camper '' and it was an easy set up with a couple of fellow city people.The light does n't come with batteries.Didn ' t put up the rain fly so we could watch the stars . Amazing.Nice and airy .
 Great tent . It is nice and roomy inside . We can even fit our queen size air mattress . Set-up and take-down are pretty simple . The first time we set this tent up , about 10 minutes after we finished , there was a major unexpected down pour . A stream of water was literally running under our tent . The tent stayed dry on the inside ! I was amazed . Love it .
 This tent sets up quickly with two people . The tent pegs do need to be replaced but the tent is worth it . Lots of room . We put in two normal size cots and two chairs . We do n't usually put chairs in the tent put we had thunderstorms for hours and wanted dry chairs when it was over . The tent did not leak at all . I read a review about leakage but you need to close the window zippers completely . Height is wonderful . Great Tent !
 Four teenage girls used this tent the first time out . They were able to hang out , stand up , change clothes and play board games in it . You could get 5 persons in it , but you wo n't have much wiggle room . Without the cover , there is allot of screen . With cover on , there is plenty of light and ventilation due to all the openable options . There was no rain , so that condition was not tested.It was very easy to set up -LRB- harder to take down and pack it back in the bag -RRB- . All in all , it is a great tent .
 This tent might be hard to set up with one person , but I was able to set it up easily with my six-year-old helping.Very nice size -- can hold a family of six , although six adults would be tight.Different from some other models , it allows for a lot of ventilation with the rain fly on , because you can unzip the rainfly at all three windows.Not much privacy with the rainfly off , though.Some nice features , such as a light , cupholders , and little doors on the side of the main door to retrieve or place items outside .
 I am new to camping and had never set up a tent before . Set this one up in the back yard with help of one other person . Easy !!! Next I set it up by myself - no problems . Tent is light weight , designed just right to make it possible for one person -LRB- even me ! -RRB- to set up and take down without any problems . It is a pretty tent -LRB- important ot us girls -RRB- , lots of ventilation , and it is nice to be able to stand up . However , I do n't like the idea of sleeping on top of other people -LRB- unless I know them really well -RRB- . This tent is very comfortable for two adults , OK for three , and cramped with 4 .
 We needed a new tent after our last one started leaking . My husband is 6 ' 2 '' & had no problem with standing inside although he had to duck a bit through the entrance . Overall , this tent was a good choice . It took 4 of us to figure out how to put it up the 1st time , but it should be easier the next time after the initial learning curve . My husband & I & our 2 dogs were comfortable with the size , but definitely not a tent for those who prefer a lot of extra space . All the extras that come with the tent were great . I would definitely recommend this tent !
 I mostly purchased this tent because of the size and it did n't look like it had large spans of mesh . The former was good , but I was wrong on the latter . The whole back wall of this tent is mesh , and I just could n't tell that from the picture or the description -LRB- even after going back to look -RRB- . I think this will work out ok , but i 'm going to sew over the mesh for my purposes , which will be a pain . I was able to set this up by myself , though it definitely went slow and would have been quick with 2 people . I could n't figure out where the triangle ` dividers ' went , though they seem to just cover the small shoe corners . I have n't had an opportunity to actually go camping in this yet , but I look forward to it . I do n't know about fitting 5 people in here with all their stuff-it would be pretty cramped .
 For the price , this is by far the best tent I have ever used . Set up is fairly easy and could possibly even be done with one person , but two definitely makes it easier . At 6 ' 3 '' , I could basically stand up when I needed . And for the two we slept in it , it may as well have been a bedroom.The first time out , we were caught in a nasty storm on the shores of Lake Superior . Winds exceeded 50 mph with heavy rain for hours and tents all around us collapsed . Ours rode it out without an issue other than just a few drops of water entering from presumably the zippers of the side compartments next to the doors . We had , and I would recommend , oversized heavy-duty stakes for the eight main ground attachments . I believe this definitely contributed to our success in the storm as the stakes that came with the tent may have pulled loose in the sand .
 Bought this tent for camping with our two youngest kids . Used it for the first time last week and it is pretty sweet . I have no problem with the zippers as other reviewers have , I am a seamstress and these zippers appear to be good quality and function well , even when operated by two careless little girls ! The cupholders and all of the little extras are pretty neat and actually work pretty well and the tent sets up easily even with only one person . It did n't rain while we were camping so I ca n't tell you how well the tent does in the rain . The ventilation works great though , we were warm at night while camping with lows in the 50 's , and the tent did n't get too warm during the day with the vents opened . Overall this is a great little tent for the price .
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I purchased the watch to wear during a vacation to bright and sunny Mexico . The watch does what it is supposed to . The black background was great for the sunny days , it was extremely easy to read . Unfortunately at night or with low light it was difficult to read without using the light . It held up well to pool swims and ocean snorkeling excursions . The alarm system , which does have little learning curve , worked wonderfully to wake us up or tell us when it was happy hour . All and all a good watch for the value and one that will hopefully hold up over time .
 If you decide to purchase this watch , it is a great value for the modest cost of $ 41.00 shipped . A bit hard to read in the black face model but you get Casio strength and reliability . A cheap fun multifunctional , comfortable and stylish choice .
 The coolest watch I ever had ... perfect if you are going to disarm a bomb in an action movie . I 'm wearing it as I type , still looks cool . I have had many compliments and more to come I 'm sure .
 I am in the military and needed a new watch because my issued G-Shock got lost . This watch is great . does everything I need and can witstand abuse . I have taken it diving , climbing , flying , it works fine . Style is sleek and not bulky like the standard G-Shock . The band color is a dark olive drab so be mindful of that . The picture i had seen before purchasing showed the green a little different .
 I bought two pairs of these for my yoga practice but they have become my favorite pant to relax in at home . They are long , I had to hem mine -LRB- I am five foot four inches tall , size medium -RRB- . I love the comfortable fit and they are perfect for yoga , love that stretch !
 Nice product , but it would have been much better if it were offered in tall sizes .
 I thought these were going to be too small when I got them but they fit very nice !
 I love these pants i bought them for working out they are a great find for the price the fit is perfect .
 These are basically plain black yoga pants but they fit fine , are good quality and have washed fine without shrinking . It 's hard to rhapsodise about them but they are more than adequate .
 I agree with all the reviews that say these pants are looooong and very friendly for long-legged women . I 'm 5 '10 and proportionate and I love these pants . The fabric is thin but I do n't think of them as `` cheap '' as some people say - it 's great ventilation ! I usually wear capris b/c I 'm tall and hate high-waters AND I tend to heat up very easily , BUT these pants were thin enough I pulled up the bottoms/legs ONLY towards the end of my intense workout . Buy them and viola , no more high-waters !
 These pants are nice fitting , long length and well constructed and very very comfortable ! T
 I read reviews for this product that helped me decide to buy . . very accurate ! The length is perfect - I am 5 ' 6 '' ish and they are just a little long with my running shoes so I roll them up . . then at yoga I leave as is . Perfect - I am ordering another pair !
 These are perfect trousers in my opinion . The material is supple , heavy enough to be good quality but not too thick that they do n't breathe , so to speak . I am 5 ' 6 &#34; and the length is just right . They come up to a comfortable place on my middle . They are just what I was looking for .
 I was looking for some exercise pants to fit my legs . I usually need at least a 32 '' inseam and these fit the bill . My only concern is the fabric is a little thin and they might not last very long .
 I bought this Casio-Pathfinder Multi-Dimensional Watch last month for about $ 125.00 . It has many functions such as
 I have taken this watch on safari in Africa , mountain climinging in the Rockies , and scuba diving in the Caribbean . It never fails to give accurate time and compass directions , the stop watch has come in handy for running , and I love the backlight function . For all that this watch does , it 's a bargain . Plus , if you 're a guy who likes gadgets , this one looks really cool .
 I love this watch , which was a present -LRB- thanks , Wife -RRB- . Why do I love it ? 1 -RRB- Big numbers for old eyes . You could read this thing from the next state .2 -RRB- Easy to figure out when I do n't have the manual along . People are complaining all over this review section of difficulty on this , but the only thing that gave me a problem was re-disabling the auto-light function when it got turned on -LRB- the watch can be set to light when the wrist is revolved - I wear my watch on the side of my wrist so it was always flickering on and off -RRB- . everything else I 've found relatively easy to figure out on the fly .3 -RRB- The barometer , which is neat for me when trying to figure out what the weather might be doing in the next hour or so .4 -RRB- The compass which prevents me from walking exactly the wrong way in Manhattan for a block or more , or driving in circles on Long Island looking for a bloody sign saying where I am or which way I 'm going .5 -RRB- Loud alarm -LRB- s -RRB- that actually wake me up when needed.Things that people complain about that I think are justified :1 -RRB- The duration of the light . Too short.Things that others complain of that are n't justified :1 -RRB- The altimeter not working out for itself what the air pressure is doing . It 's using the same sensor that is used for the barometer of course , and has no way of knowing that a drop in air pressure is because you climbed a hill or because the weather just turned crappy . What else do people think would happen ? 2 -RRB- Temperature readings inaccurate when worn
 It 's big , but jazzy . All the functions work great , except for the altimeter which is vastly unreliable . Would have liked it more if it had a countdown timer .
 If you like a big dial , and I do , you 'll love this feature packed watch.I need the large display for my aging eyes -LRB- and I am only 47 -RRB- . Temperature is not accurate to ambient temp , because it is on your wrist.The other functions work fine , and the temp works if you have it off your wrist for 15 minutes.The strap is comfortable and strong . The backlight is great and will work on auto-function -LRB- cool feature -RRB- . I was in the rain for two straight days and no problems with being wet . Ca n't wait to go to Colorado this summer and utilize the altitude function at Estes Park .
 What a cool watch ! Plenty of features to play with . I use the temp/barometer daily . I use the timer 5-6 times a week . . especially since my dryer timer is out ! I use the compass frequently , and to impress friends . For $ 125 , if it goes out , get another ! Why buy a Rolex or Breitling -LRB- which I have stupidly to impress others -RRB- , and they need ` tuning up ' for $ 400 - $ 500 every 5 years ... ? What am I missing here ?
 For the price and performance hard to beat . Wist band could be made of a better material , but other than that great watch .
 This watch is amazing and I really do like it for all my outgoing activities . The triple sensor feature on this watch is very accurate and I had no problems reading the instructions in order to customize my self with this type of watch . Very well solid construction and the reading characters on the display are big enough which makes the reading information easily . Alarm is loud enough to wake you up in about 4 seconds ! All the features on this watch worth the money that I paid for .
 The watch is what I expected . Compass is especially cool . The basic functions of the Barometer and Altimeter are good . The Advanced features of the Barometer and Altimeter something I will never use .
 This review is purely on the durability of the watch . My husband has owned this watch for maybe 3 + years . One day when he pissed me off I slammed it a few times on our granite counter top . I 'd like to think I 'm fairly strong and that it was pretty hard when I slammed it face down . Anyway , after accepting his apologies and forgiving my husband , we were surprised to discover that the watch still worked as if I did n't do anything to it . My husband still uses his watch and the small scratch on the face -LRB- the only evidence of his error -RRB- serves as a tiny reminder to not piss me off .
 I liked this watch because of its features ... Compass - Barometer - Thermometer - Altimeter . Its a little bit big on my wrist , but looks great . all the features work perfectly , only the thermometer shows your body temperature when its on your wrist else gives perfect reading . Specially the Barometer shows nice weather prediction -LRB- downwards graph deteriorating weather , upwards graph improving weather -RRB- . I bought it for 110 $ . Highly recommend .
 When I received this watch it seemed very nice . It comes with a manual that is about 1 inch thick ! I read through all of it . This watch can do a lot of things . Simular to other reviews have said , the temperature is off a little when you wear it on your arm . It is accurate when it is not on your arm . Everythings works the way it is supposed to . The altimeter is not very accurate . I keep getting different readings when I ckeck it at the same location . This is not a watch for the average person ! To do different things with the watch you will need the manual to remember how to set things . The manual is written well but take it with you when you wear the watch so you can learn all the different functions . Overall I like the watch and will probably get another one when I need to .
 I am the kind of guy who loves gadgets . If it can be programmed , then I have to have one . I do like this watch . I have only owned it for a couple months , but I like it . I am also a pilot . This is NOT a device that you could reliably use for that kind of activity . The altitude and baromerter measurements are not accurate enough to use for a life and death activity . Use it for skydiving ? Nope , I wouldnt like that . But , for camping , boating , fishing , and general outdoors use , I think it 's well worth owning . The night light is awesome . Even for someone as blind as I am . The digital compass seems to be dead on . I like that . It 's fun to use the graphing capabilities of the altimater and baramoter . I havent done any deep water stuff , but so far it 's waterproof as advertised . Again , I like that . You need to calibrate the Altitude , Baramoter , and Temp with known numbers , but that is not that hard to do . Programming and Calibration = FUN . The watch has 5 alarms , a stop watch , and bunch of other `` stuff '' . I like that .
 Pros : I do n't think you will find another watch with these features anywhere near this price.The Sensors seem to be fairly accurate and it 's no where near as big on your wrist as you think it 'll be.Cons : The Light - Great looking at night but does n't stay on long enough . It would have been extremely easy to make it where you can hold down the button to keep the light on . The way it is you have to either read super fast or turn it on a second time if you miss something.The Barometer
 I have had my watch for a bout a month It was easy to set up still learning new things about It . I was so supprise with this watch I was buying another brand of watch and after about two years I had to replace It . the Pathfinder is really made well I will never go back to the other name brand watch I was using It can not hold a candel to the Casio pathfinder I recommend this watch and I certainly will buy another pathfinder , when time comes around I expect to have this watch for many years .
 This is my husband 's third pathfinder watch in 16 years . He LOVES this one the best . It is so much easier to use . He has a big wrist and the dial is perfect . It arrived in record time in perfect condition . Thank you .
 This watch is really cool ! Just like everybody else has written though , it is pretty big , much larger than the average watch . So , not necessarily the casual wear or everyday type of usage , but of course perfect for its purpose which is outdoor trail/hiking . People who complain about the thermometer , just deal with it ... your body temp will in fact affect the reading by +5 / 8 degrees or so , oh well , that 's life , learn how to compensate for that if you are wearing it and want the temperature . The directions for reading the altimeter are not as detailed as I would like them to be but at the same time I really did not get it for that function anyway . There are other casio watches with the same features but just have different bands or colors and cost much more , do n't waste your money . This one is perfect . I Have never had an issue with anything I 've ordered from amazon , always gets there in the time specified .
 I wanted a low cost watch to take with me on my next trip and came across this one . That way , in case I loose it , I am not too upset . This one has the compass feature which will help me find my ways . Then there are the barometer and altimeter features that will be useful trivia info for my records . I find that Casio has come a long way since they started with watch offerings and will likely do more in the future . This does not have the solar power feature , but I do not expect to use this for 20 years anyway . I do look forward to a future low cost model with GPS for Lat/Long as well . Thus , for a sale price of $ 70 at a local Costco store ... it was a great deal .
 Great watch for the adventure loving tech savvy folks.Rugged , cool and highly endurable.Go for this guys ... good value for money .
 It works flawlessly , no complains about it , except maybe that the temperature it measures it 's the one on your body and not the one in the air , so it 's not much of a usable feature . If they could squeze all those features into a smaller package , it would surely be a hit .
 Casio triple sensors are an awesome product with rugged dependability . I saw this watch listed on Amazon 's homepage for a great price , so I ordered it right away . I recieved a confirmation email , and notice that the product would arrive in 5-7 days . Three hours later , I received a cancellation email from Amazon . I went back to reorder , but the price was now triple the original price . When I called Amazon , they responded with several lies , and then tried to blame their supplier . This is `` bait and switch '' and it 's illegal in many states . I 've also learned that this practice is quite common for Amazon watches , so be wary . I have decided to take ALL my business elsewhere .
 The watch is very nice , but sometimes from my physical activities when I look at the watch for the time it 's on a different screen which is easily remedy . I need to set the temp . for accuracy since it seems a little off . Love the light . I recomend it at this stage . Thank you !
 Thus far I have owned two Casio PAG40 Pathfinder Triple Sensor Multi-Function Sport Watches which is proof that I like the product . This watch has been worn when scuba diving to over 130 ' deep and under very challenging conditions including heavy vibration and has never failed . The compass is great as it helps to verify your position when necessary . I have never trusted the temperature gauge but like the altitude function . I use the stopwatch function to keep track of my golf score -LRB- one second equals each stroke -RRB- and number of fish caught more than as a `` stopwatch '' . Light always works and is quite bright . Watch has three batteries so it is somewhat expensive when you need to replace a battery but ... that 's the cost for a very busy watch . Consider getting a spare gasket/seal so when you replace the batteries you have a quality new seal too . Great watch and probably the best sport watch on the market .
 I purchased this watch in 2006 and its still going strong , all the functions work and the same battery . This watch goes everywhere with me .
 I have this watch from 2007 and it has been very good . Just the band has deterioreted . But overall it 's an excellent watch .
 am using this more then year and its very good and durable ; i like it . features are excellent . i use it frequently .
 This watch was a Christmas present for my husband . He loves the watch . It has so may great features for him since he never takes his watch off , even showers with it on at times . He is a hunter and loves the compass , thermomter and barometer for when he is in the woods and being a big weather buff makes it even better . It is a nice looking watch also . The only con , as some have said , which I read in the reviews but did not stop me from ordering it for him , the thermomter is not the most accurate , you do have to take the watch off to get a good reading but he is ok with that . I am very happy with the watch and so is my husband .
 This watch it 's very nice , it 's great , there is many functions that i did n't see on the site . I can do watersports with it , hiking , or anything outdoor . I recommend for people that love adventure , it 's very good .
 I purcashed this watch after waiting several months for the right time to get it . I ordered it and it came in one day . It took about an hour to set the time on it . The only cons I have with it are
 The watch ' casio men 's blue pathfinder triple sensor #pag 40b-2v is very durable and executes all fucnctions required of it.It is not just a watch for updating one on the time of the day , it also functions as a calculator , temperature updates , date , directions and other usefull features.I see it as an asset for me , even though its just a wrist band , but a wrist band with a difference .
 The search for the most rugged , functional watch is over . The Casio Pathfinder tops them all . I spent the first year of the war in Iraq wearing this watch without fail . The compass function came in very handy driving all over the desert . And the large face makes it easy to see .
 My first triple sensor watch , 15 yrs . ago , was a Casio Quatro . It worked well for some 10 yrs . till it began suddenly going blank , even with a new battery . When the local jeweler -LRB- where I originally bought it -RRB- could no longer get Casio Triple Sensor watches from his distributor , and could not fix the problem , I bought a LaCrosse triple sensor watch with lower water proof rating . When 2 of these leaked in shower , hot tub and sauna situations , I finally went on line and bought this model Casio , after reading all the reviews.I learned as much or even more by reading the lower star rating reviews , and would recommend the same to a prospective buyer.This is by far the best triple sensor watch I 've ever owned , and though I 've only had it for less than a week , I would whole heartedly recommend it , or perhaps one of the similar models , to anyone looking for these features in a sport watch ! The separate buttons for compass , barometer , altimeter , and light , as well as the other 2 bottons for setting the various measuring devices , makes it easy to use . The compass works well for general directions , after setting it up the bidirectional method , and is not intended for navigation purposes . The night back light lights up the numbers for easy visualization in the dark.As far as the thick manual , if you cut off the other languages it 's only 1/8 '' thick , and if you go on line to Casio and download the manual from their website in English , it 's only 8 pages long -LRB- letter size pages -RRB- and can be easily taken on trips for reference .
 For the price , you will have a hard time finding a watch with as many features . As most other watches with sensors for the different functions , even some costing over 4 times as much , it comes calibrated with `` international settings '' -LRB- it measures altitude based on atm pressure variations -RRB- , but you can calibrate as you wish depending on the situation -LRB- for example
 everything works fine as advertised . my only concern is it takes a good while to get the temp . it has to set it self everytime , which is normal . the altitude is pretty accurate and the compass is also pretty accurate . if you are not sure you can always calibrate the 3 sensors . i 'm deployed to ballad , iraq and being in aviation , i use the 3 sensors everytime . highly recommended .
 I became interested in this watch when a friend of mine paid me a visit and he was wearing the Casio Pathfinder Triple Sensor . I admired the rugged good looks and the large watch face display . I have owned the watch for almost a month , and I like the ability to hit the light button to see what time it is in the dark . The triple senor capability is interesting if you want to know more about the environment you are in . I was looking for a rugged `` work '' watch with good looks , waterproof and a good price . I looked all over the internet and found Amazon had the best price with free shipping . I am very happy with my purchase and would buy the same watch again .
 I 've owned this for a few months -LRB- including a recent backpacking trip -RRB- and have found it very useful.Pros
 Best than other expensive watches that claim to do the same but not.Altimeter : OK -LRB- After minor adjust/config . , read manual -RRB- Barometer
 Before you read this review , know that I was lusting after the PAW line of Pathfinders before I bought the PAG 40 . I particularly was drawn to the solar power and atomic clock calibration of the PAW line . HOWEVER , this PAG 40 showed up at my local Costco for $ 99.97 - a deal I could n't pass up . I am not disappointed - IT 'S A GREAT WATCH ! I give it 5 stars because of the features and the price I paid for it.The PAG 40 is my third Pathfinder watch . I 've been wearing them now for nearly 20 years . This newest one does not disappoint . Rugged , light , and incorporating everything I 've come to expect from Pathfinders , with the added bonus of much bigger face and better backlighting than my original two . WAY better backlighting.All the new Pathfinders I 've looked at solve the major weakness I personally found in my previous two
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Size 1 is a perfect fit for 6 ' male . The paddles are perfect , they allow me to focus on my stroke , bands are easily adjustable
 These are excellent for improving a swim stroke and/or building strength . These are exactly like the ones I bought in the store . Lasted just as long . They come with the rubber tubes to hold wrist / finger -LRB- s -RRB- in place .
 Great easy to use paddles that work on specific stroke technique and swim muscles . I 'm a novice swimmer and am pleased to see a big difference in my stroke efficiency from using these in workouts .
 The watch was a gift for my son . He spends a lot of time in and around the water . I 've noticed he wears it all the time not just in the water . It is nice looking as a bonus .
 Great watch , great price , looks fantastic , light but strong , just what I was looking for .
 This is a quality watch that I have used for years . It is very similar in appearance to the much more expensive L ***** x watch for a fraction of the price , however , of course there is no tritium .
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 I 've used several methods to attach MOLLE items to bags or other MOLLE items . I 've used the straps that come on the 5.11 gear , I 've used the Maxpedition Tac-Ties that you have to PURCHASE to go with their products . Blackhawk speed clips are absolutely the fastest and easiest way to attach MOLLE gear ! For those that do n't know the `` TRICK '' to these straps ... I 'll help you out . 1 -RRB- Get about a 3 foot piece of cord . 2 -RRB- run it through the hole in the end of the speed clip and tie a knot . 3 -RRB- Lace it through your MOLLE straps so that the hole will be on the BOTTOM when you pull it through . 4 -RRB- Slowly pull the stick through the loops , and you 're done ! The reason you want the hole on the bottom side is so that now you can tie additional things to it or clip a carabiener to it as additional attachment points .
 there are several choices for attaching molle accessories to pals wedding . i 've tried malice clips and 511 slicksticks . both of these work well . blackhawk speed clips are slightly easier to use . i have all 4 sizes ,
 They seem a little pricey . But they look good and appear to be well constructed . They come packaged in a super ultra heavy duty ziplock bag , that has to add to the cost .
 IN SHORT
 Installing this handguard makes for a way better feel and control over the standard AK forend . That being said , the top of the handguard is not a great fit . I tried to use a heat gun to close the uneven gap between the vented top and the sides of the handguard , but to no avail . Some removal of material may be necessary to make the piece snap into place on top of the barrel as well . Otherwise , a great deal for the price .
 Received the Galil Style AK Handguard for my AK-47 . Installationwas easy and took less than 5 minutes . The hand guard looks great andoffers a much better grip that the stock wood handguards . I already hada black plastic pistol grip , and this matches perfectly . If you want to `` trick out '' your AK , this is definitely a must have . Great price too!I give it five stars!Kelly Carlson
 It took 45 minutes of filing to get this to fit my Century warp 10/63 AKM.It was to long but with an ak 47 that is what happens sometimes.As other reviews indicate it will fit you if you have small hands.I take a medium mens glove size so it fits my hand perfect.The hand guard itself had a few blemishes right out of the box.Not a big problem for me because it is going to get more while I am hunting hogs .
 I installed this Galil style handguard on my SAR-1 , and had to do a bit of filing/custom fitting to make it flush and tight . Nothing major , but when trying to fit the hand guard to my rifle right out of the box , the gas tube would not line up due bowing of the polymer caused the guard being a bit too long to properly fit behind the hand guard retention ring . All in all , I think with Tapco you are getting a decent product at a excellent price point . Very happy with my purchase , and would recommend to anyone out there , so long as you do n't mind a little filing .
 This Galil style forend is a grewat upgrade that sets my rifle apart from the garden variety AK Rifles . It is easy to install , It looks much more modern than the old wooden hand guard . It is also light and very ergonomic , making it easy on the hand . I recommend this great inexpensive AK upgrade ! .
 I purchased this for my Amd-65 had to rework it but works just fine!I will buy more for my other Aks
 Bought this hand guard for a few reasons . I think Tapco makes fine products for the money , and I really appreciate buying products made in the USA.The pros
 Great Product and was very easy to install ! The only problem is , if you have big hands the grip is a little uncomfortable .
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 Great watch ! This watch has many functions and it takes some time to learn them all . I highly recommend this watch to any outdoor enthusiast or to any gadget guru .
 This tent - I took a chance on without personally seeing it prior to buying ... there were no review prior and I could n't find it in sportmart or other stores . I saw the price had gotten knocked way down and the columbia name had some good reviews on other tent models ... Im glad I got this tent as its really pretty easy to set up and its got a lot of room for a big family . Im tall but the height of the tent is big enough where I could feel comfortable inside . There is a plastic window on the top of the tent which is so cool you can see the stars through and the sky - its a great way to sit back and just relax . The outer cover is solid too and puts that extra rain protection on should you get some wet weather ... Overall this is a great value for the price and has a lot of room to fit a family of 4 or 5 .
 I got this tent before a 4 day family vacation over the memorial day weekend and was happy I did . Although I 'd say sleeping 6 comfortabley would be a stretch , this tent was just fine for me and my 3 kids . So , it 's really a great 4 or 5 person tent . Easy to set up -LRB- even in the dark and with three kids helping ! -RRB- and nice `` extras '' like cup holders on the inside , a `` threshold '' to help keep dirt out , and a vestibule that would be large enough to store backpacks under -LRB- although this is not a backpackers tent and I used a seperate canopy for storage -RRB- . Good tent !
 I thought the tent to be fairly nice . I found the material light and breathable . I did have lots of helpers in setting it up . Maybe one could have done it , but not very easily.There were a few items I found to be a problem . The two velcro locations for the light being one . With the rain cover on , the outside location is covered and is useless . And , if you store anything in the center inside cargo net it blocks the light again.The directions were not good , but put it up a time or two and you will not need the directions anyway.It was hard to tell the short pole of the three caped ones . The front door mat loop connection ripped off the tent when trying to replace the accidently used short pole from the top of the tent with the slightly longer one.The expandable container bag was very nice.It did rain for about an hour during the church campout . The tent did very well . I did notice high inside humidity that night and the next morning , but we did n't get wet .
 Purchased it recently -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- and took it for my trip to the Grand Canyon . I like the design and the materials it 's made from . It has enough room for 4 , maybe 5 , people . The things I do n't like :1 -RRB- Heavy and bulky -LRB- takes up a lot of truck space -RRB- 2 -RRB- Troublesome to setup and takedown -LRB- unless you know what you are doing . -RRB- I find the instructions sewn on the carrying bag not very helpful . I was only able to setup the tent , not the rainfly .
 We 're getting older , and like to tent camp , but prefer sleeping on cots rather than air mattresses or pads , so a 10 x 10 tent is a necessity . What drew us to this tent was the canopy ... it 's difficult to find a modestly priced tent with a canopy to drain water away beyond the sides and base of the tent , but this one does rather nicely . The low side air vents are great , offering superb circulation on warm days and nights . We 're very happy with our purchase . Thank you Columbia.PS The skylights make stargazing extra fun .
 This is a nice tent and is easy to set up . We have a family of 5 and could all fit in it , but our kids are still small and have `` kid sized '' air mattresses . We stayed in it for 10 days and noticed a few issues . First , the tent leaked from the cyclone ventilation openings and from the floor seam . Second , the tent was very loud when it was windy . A couple nights we did n't get any sleep at all because the tent and the rainfly were so noisy in the wind . Finally , the door zippers get caught in the fabric constantly . You have to be extremely careful unzipping the door .
 This tent was wonderful from the ease of set up to the comfort of a restful night in the woods . It was literally up and functional in 10 minutes . We found it roomy enough for everyone and all the gear . The convieniences like the remote controlled light , gear loft , and beverage holders ca n't be beat . Most importantly , the Cyclone ventilation system was top notch ! Even in the brutal heat and humidity of the summer , nights were comfortable . The absolutely only thing I though that could use a little improvement would be the zippers on the main entry door . I found I often got the fabric caught in the zipper when opening and closing which became frustrating after a bit . Overall , an excellent buy !!
 This being my first tent purchase I had no idea what I should expect but after reading some reviews -LRB- here and online -RRB- I decided to buy this tent and must admit that I did a fine job . The tent is very easy to put up -LRB- I did it myself the first time -RRB- and having a 10 ' footprint there was plenty of room for all of us and our stuff.I even managed to fold it up and put it back into the bag -LRB- which expands for this -RRB- . It has not rained on us yet so I ca n't attest to the rain fly 's performance but all in all this seems to be a very sturdy and easy to work with tent . PS the stakes are metal and very cool .
 Instructions were pretty shady first time through , they refer to parts as blue pole , when there are three different blue poles . But after you get the tent up the first time set up and tear down are a breeze . Tent is very roomy i would say you could sleep 5-6 average size adults comfortably .
 Everything we wanted in a car camping tent . Without the rainfly , it acts as a great bug screen . Setting it up by myself was a little tough but doable . Great buy !!!!
 Very good.Be aware that the 2005 model floor is not tarp material . It is 1200MM nylon like higher end tents . Some may like the tarp bottoms , but you will find virtually no high end tents with this . Polyethylene is a good durable floor material whose main purpose is low cost which is most likely why it was introduced along with the all mesh sides in the 06 model.All I can say is wow . It is outside in the rain right now . I made a footprint for it from 4MM thick painters plastic drop . Just cut it about 3-5 inches smaller than the tent , and it give it extra durability and waterproofness . $ 6.84 for a 10/25 drop at walmart.Now it is perfect . So much nicer than the 2006 version with much more features and one that I did n't mention below . The windows zip closed from the inside for extra bad weather . The 06 models has ALL mesh everything with NO zips so you MUST depend on the cover.Also , sportsmansguide and bargainoutfitters are the same company . Do a search for a $ 10 internet coupon and the shipping is free direct though Bargainoutfitters -LRB- 4 dollars more at sportsmans -RRB- . Same price as the stripped 06 model fufilled at Amazon.IMPORTANT WHEN LOOKING :2005 - model = CB-55002006 - model = CB-5550
 It was kind of hard to set it up the first time.Very poor instructions to help you doing the job , they could do a lot better with that.Not a tent to be set up with less than two people , three is better , four people it 's perfect.After the initial task it 's done , it 's a great tent ! lots of head room , very sturdy and good looking.Very easy to bring down and wonderfull storage bag.Overall , I 'm happy with it .
 This tent was excellent . Contrary to some of the other reviews , we found the tent to be fairly easy to set up , with a typical dome-style process . Anybody that has camped before with smaller 3 and 4 man tents should have little trouble setting it up.The stakes are metal , and of good quality . The rain fly was a little confusing to set up initially , but ended up being fairly simple . Also , the rain fly easily rolls up on the sides so the tent cools down during the day , creating a pleasantly cool temperature in which to take afternoon naps ... Another great feature is that when rolled up the tent easily fits back into the duffel provided by Columbia . We recommend this tent.Finally , the remote control light , while not very bright , is simply a cool gadget . We love this tent and look forward to years of camping . We highly recommend !!!
 Unfortunately , even though the customer service person assured me that I would get the right model , I was sent the 2006 model , which is far inferior to the 2005 model . I posted a picture of the various visual diffences between the 2 . But Amazon was great about returning the item at no cost to me . I am sad that this listing is still here because the next customer service person told me they did NOT have it in stock and I really wanted it . Also The pictures for this listing are the 2006 model.The only way to really tell the model is a small number on the side of the box , right above the bar code that says ` Squall Ridge tm style # 5550 ' this is the 2006 model number that I returned . I hope this helps anyone else looking for this tent .
 We realy like this tent . It worked great on the cool coast and worm climates . Advise to setup at home for first time setup . The rainfly is tricky at first , but after first setup everything is a snap . This temt was made to last ! Columbia did a great job , two doors makes it easy to get in and out form eather side .
 I will have to say this is the first tent I have ever owned or put together . That said I literally picked the tent up from the ups guy -LRB- ups mix up -RRB- and took it camping -LRB- yeah yeah I know I should have put it together beforehand and sealed the seams -RRB- . The instructions are horrible , especially when your doing it for the first time and in the dark -LRB- my new lantern was broken in the box of course -RRB- . Thank god for my ryobi flashlight , ok I did have a little light . So here I am trying to beat the weather , battery life and being eating alive my insects -LRB- you got ta love this stuff -RRB- . Getting the tent together was made easier just by looking at the picture on the box it felt GREAT finally putting it up . No sooner my head hit the pillow it started to rain and did it rain we had some torrential rain the next day and I did get a little bit of water in the tent but that was due to not sealing all the seams.I did spend sometime at the camp store checking out other tents and found the squall is of very good quality compare to others , some of the features listed on the site as mention by others are non existent . The footlocker , clean sweep and removable door mat are features seen in other Columbia tents which I figure they just copy pasted most of the descriptions from one to the other.I love this tent and recommend it just learn from my mistakes and you will not be disappointed .
 This tent has `` tons '' of open air space - making for great camping in Texas or anywhere else it is warm . Also , the rainfly is thick and has zippers , letting you open as little or as much as you want -LRB- in addition to the lower vents that can be left open if it is raining without getting water inside your tent -RRB- . The materials are much better than those on the cheaper tents and well worth the extra money - especially if it is windy or rainy . It is a little difficult to get the main tent poles together and up if you are trying to do it alone -LRB- but it could be because I am only about 5 ' 2 '' - and this tent is 72 '' tall . -RRB- Also , the description states the bag has wheels - which it does not . Based on the weight , this tent is not a backpacking tent -LRB- 30 + pounds -RRB- . I would also not make your decision to buy this tent based on the `` remote control light '' which works , but then again , so does a $ 5 flashlight . I would definitely recommend this tent for family campers who either can park near the campsite , or are willing to bring a wagon to tote it . Lots of room -LRB- we have 4 and a dog who camp -RRB- and good quality materials .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 This is more of a timer than a stopwatch . If you need to time standard intervals , like a spin coach , aerobics instructor , or darkroom photographer ; then the dial can set any time to one hour quickly , and time it once or over and over . You can set in a longer interval that stays in the watch ; up to five of them . Even the pace function is useful to set a run or cycling cadence . So far mine works great , and the button pushes have a very positive click - which I like .
 I purchased this stopwatch as an accessory to my stretching and martial arts routines . It gives a simple approach to setting a countdown timer with the switch on the front . It has a multitude of features for coaches to average sets and keep a large data set.It 's lightweight and can be comfortably worn around the neck . The timer beeps as it comes close to zero and beeps continuously for a short time as it hits zero and starts counting back up from zero.The only oddity that i found is that there is no clear way to turn the unit OFF . Perhaps there is an abstract button combination I have n't discovered yet . It uses a standard coin battery so I 'm not going to sweat it .
 This product is very useful as a timer because you only have to turn one dial and press one button to start it . This is very useful for meditation or any other activity you time where resetting the timer with lots of button presses is not realistic.The pacer is handy too . It 's a bit like a metronome and is useful for pacing events . I 've used it to pace my in-breath and out-breath while doing activities where counting myself is impractical.I did not find this stopwatch to be any bigger than the average one . I have average to smaller hands for a man.Also , this product is not that complicated . The instructions are short and concise . Yes , it 's harder to learn than a plain stopwatch , but that 's because it offers a lot more functionality . The engineers made this pretty user-friendly I think.The only reason I gave this item four stars is that the construction of the buttons and case are a bit cheap . For the price , though , it seems well worth it . I highly recommend this product if you need the features it offers .
 This product fits my needs perfectly . Large enough to fit my hands comfortably and well made . The only quibble would in the area of programming some of the functions .
 As a soccer coach , this watch is very easy to use . Just click the dial , and whether it is a U-10 game or a U-16 game , you can set your time in a couple of seconds . I have been looking for a good count down timer .
 I bought this for my husband for christmas and he loves it . The color is perfect !
 I WORKED FOR TIMEX FOR 25 YEARS ,1976 TO 2001 , AND HAVE USED THEIR WATCHES FOR YEARS . I DECIDED TO TRY A CASIO AND SO FAR I AM WELL PLEASED WITH IT . I RECIEVED MY PURCHASE JUST AS PROMISED AND AT THE EXACT DAY IT WAS TO ARRIVE .
 I bought this watch for my boyfriend , for Christmas . He collects watches and was looking for an `` every day watch . '' He loved this one , the moment that he opened the box . He wears this to work and around the house . It is a solid , well-built watch , with solid looks . The blue accents make the watch `` pop '' but still look like a classic sport watch .
 Everything about this watch is nice . I love it because it is a tough resistant watch and , at the same time it is really elegant so you can use it to hang around and to dress up too .
 I needed a multi-timezone watch to cope up with my traveling . I was looking for a rugged watch that would go well with any attire and also have different functions such as stopwatch , two timezone , day-date display , multi-time alarm and so on . I also have a history of scratching up the bezel which I wanted to avoid this time . This watch is a perfect fit for my requirements . The unique blue face of the watch attracts quite a lot of attention . Several of my friends thought that this was more expensive than it actually was . The only grouse I have is that the the analog hour and second hands are not very clear in dark if the radium is weak . The back-lit display only shows the digital time . But this is a minor issue when compared to the features this watch comes loaded with . Definitely a good watch to buy for regular use .
 This is great looking watch but ... If you need glasses , better be prepar , the number are small , also a very important item . Night time when use the backlight , foreget about able to see the hands , they just dispears on the darcknes and , if one is in top of the displays just forget about it , id behind and those digits are gone so jut try to makeup the numbers.Another is even on daytime , if the nad is in top of the windows with information important to you like month and day , it might cover those digits and you need to move the the angle of looking to figured it out.I am returning the watch is just too much problems.Sorry . . good looking and a seem good but for same people.Thanks
 It 's a small G-shock . If your wrist is over 8 inches this is a tight fit . The analog can be tough to read against the back groung . It does have some cool features . I really like the snooze alarm . It is easy to use the features and set the alarms .
 I bought this for my Husband for Christmas . I could n't wait to give it to him he loves it . It is such a powerful watch n grabs everyone 's eye everyone has noticed it n they love it . I have been wearing and buying G-shock ever since I was a kid . I totally recommend this watch to everyone it 's GREAT .
 Had this watch for a couple months now , very happy overall . Only major complaint is that it 's a little bulky .
 The watch is unique , which is outstanding in a digital world . Typical Casio craftmanship . Many complex timing features , but easy to master . $ $ $ value second to none . Only negative
 I bought this watch for my fiance and he loves it . It is packed with features , the construction is sturdy and durable , and it looks great ! The only complaints would be that the backlight only stays on for about 2 seconds and then goes off . . and there 's no way to change the duration . Also , the digital time is often difficult to read , first of all because it is very small and secondly because the analog hands often block it . Other than that , great watch !
 I bought this watch for my boyfriend for his birthday and he absolutely loves it . It looks great and the best part is that it adds to a dressy outfit , but also looks great paired with everyday clothes ! The only downside is in the beginning he said it felt a little heavy , but hes adjusted to it and is very very happy with it ! This watch is a must have !
 Nice quality , very fine detail , very functional , only gripe ishow short the illumination lasts , even 3 seconds it too shortbut i love the silent lighted alarm .
 Of the dozen or so Casio watches I 've purchased over the years this one 's display is by far the clearest and easiest to read of the bunch , the large main display and the excellent contrast really make a difference . Having the current time displayed in all other modes -LRB- world time , stopwatch , countdown timer , alarm -RRB- is an added bonus . The only drawback is the the LED light housing on the lower right corner , if you 're looking at the display at an angle the LED housing can interfere with reading the seconds display.The reset button for the stopwatch and countdown timer is now the upper left button instead of the upper right like earlier Casios . Setting theworld time can be accomplished while setting the main ` home ' time zone . For instance Arizona is 7 hrs . behind UTC -LRB- Coordinated Universal Time -RRB- , so my watch is set for `` UTC -7.0 '' . It 's not complicated , just a bit different than before.This really is one feature-packed watch , you 'll be pleasantly surprised .
 This watch is really great . My only complaint is that the start/stop button for the stop-watch could be bigger so that it is n't so hard to locate when you are exhusted from running . Also bare in mind , the countdown timer is in intervals of one minute only , so you ca n't set it for 1:45 to pace your laps . It must be either 1 minute or 2 minute ... etc. -LRB- no in between -RRB- . Great looking all purpose watch . The circle lights up with the countdown timer and progress beeper , which is really nice . I 'm pretty sure you can also remove the sound and use the light only if you wanted . This watch has a rugged comfortable band . The watch is not quite as bulky or masculine as the other g-shocks but it is nice and conservative .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas , he is a huge Wild fan , he loved it . It 's very cute and looks great on a Christmas tree .
 This is the most adorable Carolina Hurricanes ornament !! I did n't realize how big it was , but I was pleasantly surprised ! I got this after the Canes won the Stanley Cup and it 's been a pleasant addition to my tree !
 I bought this item as a backup for a head that has a hole in it -- I have n't installed it . But I can say that it was well-packed for shipment , arrived in a fairly timely manner considering the Christmas season , and appears to be in pristine condition ... undamaged mylar and a level rim .
 Cap was exactly what I was looking for , and exactly as described . Shipping was speedy . Very pleased .
 Laced my first wheel on this thing , it went together great . I used myPark Tool HCW-5 Lock Ring Spannerto tighten the ring that holds the cog on , perfect fit , though you could get by without using that tool . Smooth action , loud ratchet .
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 I have been wreslting for 10 years and i have found that ASICS is the best supplyer of wreslting equipment and especaly singats i love the high cut becasue im a bigger guy so more is better not like the littel guys thay thing less is better well its whatever you like wearing i prefire the longer high cut singlets ...
 I 'm an old retired guy . For a hobby I build bicycles with a gas motor on them . These motors are started by pedaling and releasing the clutch on the motor drive system . There is a lot of instant stress on the regular bike chain . Break a lot of chains and have to have a repair link to put them back together . Many times the master link just comes a part from the back lash force . If one pays attention to the way this link keeper is designed -LRB- securing clip -RRB- it 's hard for it to come apart . Very easy to put on and take off . BUT stays in place .
 Super easy to use . No instructions needed . I did n't even need to buy a chain break tool to install . Go to youtube and search for breaking bicycle chain . All you need is a hammer and nail set tool or a small phillips screwdriver . Super easy .
 Great buy if your bike does n't come with a master link . Easy to instal and blends in really well so you do n't even notice it 's a master link .
 Just needed an extra master link to fix a bicycle . Did not find the item sold by itself in stores ; chain sets only . Perfect fix .
 what can be said ??? It 's a master link for your bike . It 's a removable link -LRB- not a riveted link -RRB- which I prefer . It has n't fallen off yet , so it gets a good review .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 With this watch you ca n't go wrong . First , even though one variation will sync with the Atomic clock for about $ 40-50 $ more , do n't waste your money . This watch stays within just a second or two per month accuracy . In addition to keeping time , the capabiity to select a world zone by a city and then use that dual clock is as simple as it gets.As usual , Casio makes a watch that does not take a genuis to learn to use - even without reading the manual . Determining how to use the Altimeter , Barometer , and electronic compass is virtually self-explanatory . You do need to know that you have to manually synchronize the altimeter in order to ensure your readings are correct during a given time period . The only way to prevent this is to have a watch that could triangulate its altitude from satelites and to my knowledge , that dog has n't been born . However , that being said , the importance lies in the fact that you have a tracking graph that indicates a 24 hour history of changes in both the barometer and altitude . That 's what 's really important so that even if the altitude settings are off , or the barometric pressure setting is temporarily incorrect , you can look at the graph and know the relative change . For instance , if the graph indicates dropping pressure over the past few hours , you can pretty much assume , the weather is probably going to move from good to bad -LRB- low pressure usually indicates a weather front is coming through or rain developing -RRB- . One nice surprise is that when using the watch at night , a simple tilt of the wrist toward your face will cause the back light to temporarily come on . I.e. , you do n't have to push the button . I never saw this function in the ads or in the manual.Finally , it is well built and although reasonably large by watch standards , it is comfortable for a man . I 'm not sure most women would want to wear it though . You ca n't go wrong with this watch . Just make sure it is this model because some of the others close to the same price do not have all of these functions .
 This is the third Pathfinder I have owned - All three have been great watches , with one minor exception and hopefully this watch will change that - This watch is a SOLAR watch which IS NOT supposed to require battery replacement - If that is true , then all should be good - Because , on the replacement of batteries , you ca n't do it yourself - You can try , but very doubtful if you will get the watch to function normally again - One last thing on Pathfinder watches - Take them off when in the shower , the soap buildup from after a few years will jam up the mechanisms for the different functions of the watch -
 Watch FunctionsTime . It 's a watch first and foremost so it has got to keep good time and display it legibly and simply . The PAG80 does just that . The display is large and bright which is easy to read in both the dark , with the aid of the backlight , right through to bright sunlight . I like the seconds display being on a separate line to the hour and minute also.Accuracy . I have owned the watch for just one month and in that time it has gained one second . That 's accurate enough for me.World Time . As a regular traveller the World Time feature is important to me . It is easy to use and convenient . GMT is a nice touch.Date . Dumb , dumb , dumb . The whole world writes the date with the day of the month first followed by the month ... except the Americans . February 1st is written by the people of 250 countries as 1/2 . The Americans write 1st February as 2/1 . This watch follows the American convention and does not provide a method of reversing the characters . Just about everything else on the watch is customisable except this . Surprising , Casio!Alarms . The alarm functions are good . Five alarms plus an hourly beeper which can be turned on or off . There is also a countdown timer and stopwatch . Enabling the alarms is non-intuitive -LRB- to me -RRB- and , like all watch alarms , not loud enough . All work well , though.CompassI have tested the compass against a Suunto and a Silva magnetic compass . The watch compass is remarkably accurate . It is sensitive so gives great results when used outside . When using inside it is easily influenced by magnetic devices . I like everything about the compass including the overlay screen , the direction indicator -LRB- eg ENE -RRB- and the degree readout.BarometerAgain remarkably accurate . I have an expensive German aneroid barometer which took some weeks to calibrate . I believe it to be quite accurate . The PAG80 records a measurement just one hPa different to my aneroid barometer . Here it is important to note that again the barometer in the watch is very sensitive . Do not expect accurate readings indoors , especially if the building is well sealed and air-conditioned . The barometer graph should only be used as a rough indicator of trend . If you are in an artificial environment when the watch records a pressure measurement -LRB- building , car , plane -RRB- then this may cause the graph to show misleading information unless you realise what is going on . You may be in an environment which is outside the range of the graph and this will cause a reading to be missed on the graph . It may look like the watch is faulty but , in reality , it is just being consistent.AltimeterThis is the feature of least accuracy . As stated in plenty of other places the altitude recorded is a function of air pressure . As a general indicator of altitude it is great . If you want really accurate altitude then get a GPS . With practice and an understanding of how air pressure alters with altitude and climatic conditions you can guage how far off the altitude may be . Start by having a look in the manual at the altitude graph.Solar BatteryWhen I received the watch the power indicator was reading high . However the barometric graph was displaying erratically . I thought I may have a defective watch . As I live in a warm , sunny climate I put the watch outside in the sun for two days . Problem solved . Just make sure you give it a good charge when you get it.Since that time I have spent two weeks skiing in the Rockies where it was very cold and the watch was rarely exposed to the sun -LRB- what sun ? -RRB- . All functions operated perfectly throughout the two weeks which would indicate that when fully juiced up there is ample power in the internal solar battery to last for quite some time . This is where the power saver feature comes in to its own . Obviously very efficient.Physical FeaturesWatch Size . It is big . I knew it was a big watch when I bought it so no complaints but it could probably be refined in size without losing any of its functionality.Ruggedness . It has already had a bang or two without any visible sign of damage . The crystal glass seems suitably tough.Resin Band . I opted for the resin band model over the titanium band . If buying again I think I would pay a little extra and get the titanium band.Operating Temperature Range . Surprisingly , within the first month of ownership , I have subjected the watch to the extremes of its operating temperature range . From a low of -36 C -LRB- -34 F -RRB- in Colorado to a high of 42 C -LRB- 107 F -RRB- in Sydney . A temperature differential of 78 C -LRB- 141 F -RRB- . The watch displayed perfectly and seemed to function normally when digital camera screens were failing.ConclusionThe watch actually exceeds the advertised claims . If you like the sound of the advertising blurb then you will probably be satisfied with the watch . Finally , but still importantly , it represents excellent value for money .
 My new watch has just arrived . Earlier than I expected . Thanks for the fast delivery from digitalfotoclub.com . I paid $ 169.90 with free delivery . The watch is a bit difficult to set in the beginning , but once I got use to it by reading the user 's guide and just play with it for a while , it 's quit easy and I just love it . It almost got everything I need . The only disappointment is that the thermometer only reads down to -10 degree Celsius or 14 degree Fahrenheit . -LRB- Which I know before I place the order . I 'll be going to some places where the temperature will be well below that ... -RRB- Compare to other similar watches on the market , the Casio Pathfinder Series are the best , both in qualities and prices . The similar Suunto watches will cost much more than the Casio watches .
 This watch does exactly what I expected . It gives me general compass bearings , tells me the altitude -LRB- roughly -RRB- , and gives me the temperature -LRB- off wrist -RRB- . It even tells me what time it is . The large face is easy to read without bifocals and the light does come on when you turn the watch to your face.The solar idea is nice . I have yet to see the power go below high and I do n't stay out in the sun . Do n't be suprised when you see the face absolutely blank - it 's a power saving feature when no movement is sensed.I gave it four stars because I do n't care for the wrist band . It is too firm and does not feel natural like cloth or leather -LRB- but that 's just my personal preference -RRB- .2 yr update
 This watch is perfect for anyone who likes to be outdoors . For myself being in the Marines and current deployed right now this watch is perfect for what I do . With a built in compass and different time zones it certainly makes my life easier . I recomand this watch to anyone in the Armed Forces or anyone who just like to hick.Casey
 This watch does everything as described well . Just be warned it 's a large watch . Some people prefer that , others do n't .
 I 've had this watch for 3 years now , and it 's never failed me . Not only that , it keeps totally accurate time . I 'm a Sailor , and need my time pieces to be spot on . In the last 3 months it was only 18 seconds off of GMT . Sincerely , Doc
 You have to know a good watch when you see one , and I am sure you 'd agree with me , this is one of them .
 My husband is extremely happy with his watch ! He is a pilot and is very picky about all the features for when he is flying . He keeps raving about everything that this watch does !!
 I have had two Casio Pathfinder watches in the past 10 years . This PAG80-1V is the best yet . I ca n't find the solar cell , so cool ! I miss the day date on the previous watch but I may not have found it in the book .
 bought as a replacement for the spf40 sea pathfinder -LRB- which was damaged when new batts were installed improperly -RRB- . i do n't use the altimiter at all so no news there ... primarily used for sailing/raceing and have been pleased so far .
 Bought it for my dad because he is a big fan of climbing and hiking . It fits his needs as it has requirements as it has compass , thermometer , barometer , temperature , and world time . He likes it a lot , and the price is affordable .
 The watch was as attractive when we got it as it was in the picture . There was a set of good instructions and the watch is working wonderfully .
 Purchased this Casio Men 's Pathfinder watch back in ' 08 . It 's seen some hard action as I 'm a career firefighter , recreational sailor , hiker and general outdoorsman . I 've tested the features like azimuth bearings against the compass and GPS unit on my 30 foot sailboat and the weather data against a good weather info system - the watch performs accurately . There are several stop watch / timer features as well as the ability to set multiple alarms . I use them all but have to keep the manual nearby to refresh myself to some of the processes.There are two drawbacks to this watch . One is for the barometer to be accurate the altimeter has to be reset often . A task I have n't developed a good habit of doing . The second is that it is a big watch . I 'm a big man and even I notice the size of this watch , though not uncomfortably.My only regret regarding this watch is that I did n't pony up and purchase the version with the nautical tide references . Next time -LRB- if this one ever wears out -RRB- ...
 Great features . Main reason to have a watch is to always know what time it is , of course . This watch fulfills that function very well , but the barometer is great , I use that to help me be more aware of what the weather is doing , as it can affect my activities when I am out and about . The altimeter is very useful to me . Here in Colorado your elevation changes constantly as you travel around , even short distances , and I like keeping track of the altitude for many different reasons . The compass will be handy for my treks in the woods , and canyons . I am very happy with this easy to use and tough watch .
 Me encant&oacute; este reloj . en mi trabajo lo uso mucho . es excelente . tiene buen acabado y todas las funciones estan trabajando bien .
 I bought this for my husband as a birthday gift a couple years ago . He loved it but it is a big klunky watch . The solar option is really nice . We have never lost a charge . He loves the bells and whistles . I 'm sure casio makes a lot of nice watches but he was very happy -LRB- still is happy -RRB- with this model . His only complaint is that he wised it were a bit smaller .
 excelente calidad , producto recomendado , recibido a tiempo y sin ningun problema ni contratiempo , ya lo poseo en mis manos en vzla
 I wear this everyday . I use it everyday . This watch has taken some big hits and bounced right back . I love It
 my father likes my casio triple sensor atomic solar watches ' so much that i thought i would surprise him with the pag80-1v pathfinder as his first all inclusive watch for his birthday !! i just know he will love it because of all of the features . this will probably be the first of others that he 'll want ?
 Excellent Watch . The buttons were in different locations from my old Pathfinder -LRB- died after 20 years -RRB- . So I had to read the manual , but is not difficult to adapt.I got this solar watch so I do n't have to worry about changing batteries -LRB- reason my old watch died -RRB- . Now the night light is bright enough , my old watch 's light was not bright enough.I want the compass so I can find my way back to my car in a big mall , an amusement park , or hiking .
 Ordered this watch for biking and hiking and it is a perfect fit for both activities . A bit complicated to use due to the many functions but the guide that comes with the watch is easy to read and use .
 it took a couple days to fully charge but well worth it . It does all is says it can.comfortable fit and outdoors ready .
 I am so excited about this purchase . I just know on Christmas morning my grandson who is an avid hunter is going to be thrilled .
 The Pathfinder solar watch lives up to what i expected it to . The temperature , altimeter , barometer and compass works as advertised . If i ever wanted to know how hot it is , how high up i am , if the weather is gon na change or what direction i 'm going , this is the watch to own .
 I bought the watch thru Amazon and am happy with it , it works as described . The seller was awesome , he or she got it shipped here to Iraq very fast , thanks .
 I bought the watch because I needed a sport type watch that I could wear while doing outdoor activities like hiking , golf , etc. . What attracted me to the watch were the features like the compass , thermometer , altimeter , solar powered , etc. . Not sure I really needed those features on a regular basis , but I like gadgets , so I bought the watch . All of the features work as advertised and from that perspective , I 'm satisfied with the watch . Since it 's only been a little over a month and I do n't wear it every day , I ca n't say how durable it is . The one negative on the watch is it 's size . This thing is diproportionately large on my wrist . If you like big face watches , you 'll like this one . The photo on Amazon shows the watch on a stand alone basis and not on someone 's wrist . Had that been available , I likely would n't have purchased it . In fact , I intended to return it once I saw how big it was , but forgot , so I 'm keeping it . It takes some getting used to size wise , but I do n't wear it every day so it 's not the end of the world .
 All the features are very helpful . read the manual before u operate . Its the basic feature watch in the line of ABC - Triple sensors . An outdoor watch with affordable price tag compared to Suunto watches.If u like Big watches then buy this . its not at all suitable for a kid and people will think that he is using a wall clock . If u are buying a only for the features then better buy a digital compass , baro , alto , thermo and other feature instrument which is much cheaper .
 I 'm a retired military guy , and have always appreciated Casio Watches . They have held up in the field under a variety of weather conditions , recoil and shock waves from weapons and explosions , and getting banged around on gear and vehicles.Pros : Nice looking watchEasy to use -LRB- not as complicated as a Suunto Vector which I also own -RRB- ComfortableTypical Casio qualityCon : Compass is accurate to within + / - 11 degrees which is a pretty significant margin of error if you are navigating overland . I use this feature to give me rough cardinal directions . . North Side of building , South West Corner , etc. . .
 I had an old Casio Pathfinder 15 years ago and I really liked it . This watch have the same functionnality but is smaller , solar powered and lighter , so I 'm now more than liking it :--RRB- I 'm using it to check pressure tendency in airplane to adjust the pressure in my ears before the pain occure . Very good watch .
 This is the second pathfinder I have owned , the first one being the pag40 , and I must say I prefer the pag80 much better . For starters the fact that it 's solar is a major upgrade ! The baro alti compass features are all accurate , but take a second to adjust to changes . These features seem more accurate if you take the watch off and keep it leveled . Especially for an accurate temperature measure , the watch has to be off your hand for about 5 minutes . The auto backlight is a great feature ... also included on the pag40 , but I never used it because of the battery drain . Overall I 'm very pleased with this watch , although I find the price on amazon expensive . I paid $ 80 for mine
 Wow . . I found it by fluke just browsing at Coscto and I just paid it 89.00 bucks . . Im surprised to see it so expensivce here . . Its a great watch . . I dont like the green coloured buttons on the side . . The temp . is if off because it takes a reading off your arm , . . so it is ALWYAS 7 degree warmer . . You have to take it off your wrist and place it down then in about 25 - 30 minutes the temp will readjust to the correct temperature . . Nice watch . . but check elsewhere for prices . . UPDATE : I dropped the watch out of my car . . `` do n't ask . . '' Well it fell onto on coming cars on city road . . and I see a small truck just run over it . . strap went flying / / / / etc. . The watch itself was a total loss . . shattered dome , just gone . . not a G Shock from what I hear / . /
 Watch is big and looks nice on larger wrists . The numbers are big and easy to read , which is nice . The only real problem is that the altimeter works off air pressure , so there is error with some of the readings . The watch can be calibrated very easily , so it is not something to worry about . I have enjoyed using it fot the past four months .
 I bought this watch to use while deployed to Iraq and it has never failed . It does have a problem with taking tempatures quickly ... it does not take them quickly . You have to let the watch get acclimatized to the temp while it is not on you . It does say that in the operators manual too . It takes about 20 minutes but I will say it does accurately go up to 110 degrees in the shade . I love this watch !
 I bought the Casio Sport Pathfinder Triple Sensor Solar Power from Sam 's Club for about $ 162.84 . It has all the features I wanted . The only complaint I have about this particular model is that the light button is hard to press , especially at night when you need it . And when you press a button after you press the light button on the watch , it automatically turns light off . Kinda sucks when you are trying to do multiple functions during limited visibility . All the other features work well including the full auto el . The five alarms is a great bonus !
 I bought the watch when I lived in Texas . I then moved to Seattle where the sun is not as bright and and the days are a little more cloudy than those in Texas . So ... after six months of Seattle clouds , the solar power charged watched started to flash LOW all the time . I even tried leaving outside all day on a sunny day but couldnt charge it to full . So I went back to Texas for a weekend and after one day , it charge the battery and has been full for about four months now.The watch looks great , compass works fairly well although the altimeter is not that precise -LRB- can vary by as much as 500ft -RRB- . All in all , if you have sun it 's a good watch , if you do n't save your money .
 This is the second Pathfinder I have purchased . The first was the Sea Pathfinder and it has worked flawelessly for 4 years . I finally managed to knock off the corner of the case hitting it against a steel rail . Rather than sending it back to get a new case I opted to get the newer version of the Pathfinder with solar power . I did experience some problem in getting the batteries replaced in my original watch while I was travelling in Melbourne , Australia -LRB- Only one jeweler in town had a water pressure tester ... since I use the watch in the ocean a lot , water resistance is a must . -RRB- The new Pathfinder has held it 's charge well -LRB- never fallen below MAX -RRB- and I have worn it with and without a suit jacket . The barometer and the altimeter measure air pressure and are not corrected for sea level . What you see is what you get . Bear in mind that you can correct the barometer to reflect sea level reading however that will distort the altimeter . The important part of the barometer is tencency up or down . Actual meaurements do n't tell a lot ... only movement . Likewise it is important to set a reference altimeter reading when using the watch for hiking purposes . Using a georef map set the reference altitude in the watch at the beginning of the hike and then you will be fine . Remember that changing weather conditions are usually accompanied by changing air pressure so if you are hiking up hill and the pressure is falling due to the weather also you will receive a false high altitude reading . If exact altitude is important buy a GPS receiver and use it in conjunction with a georef map for more exact readings . The compass and all the time functions seem to work as advertised . I wish that the alarm was louder ; but then I 've never found a watch that had a really loud alarm other than a big old windup I purchased in Switerland 30 years ago .
 Watch came about 20days early wasnt expecting it for a while when i got it i automatically started reading the 200 + page booklet it was exactly what i was expecting
 My wife bought this for me for the holidays . This watch does everything it advertises , plus some ! I played around with the watch for good hour or two right out of the box . The instruction manual -LRB- though dauntingly big -RRB- was very easy to read and understand . I was quickly able to setup the watch for time keeping and learn to read the barometer , altimeter , compass , etc. . This watch is a must if you are a backpacker and hiker . I highly recommend this watch if you are shopping for one .
 Just what I wanted & expected from a Casio . Definitely worth the money ! Took only a few minutes to set it up & was ready to wear.Easy directions , thanks@!
 Great watch , clear instructions , good to wear . The warnings about the watch needing exposure to bright light are clear and repeated , so nobody should be surprised if it fades if not exposed regularly . Not sure yet how accurate the altimeter is , but looking forward to using it .
 I have been looking for a quality outdoor watch for a few weeks and came upon the Casio PAG80-1V Pathfinder on Amazon afer looking at some local stores . This watch is exactly as advertised ... compass , barometer , altimeter and timepiece all function great . Could you get a more accurate reading with a GPS unit on the altitude ... yes , but then you ca n't wear it on your wrist . Is your local weatherman going to give you a more accurate barometer reading ... yes , but you ca n't watch him if you 're hiking the trails . Will the compass lead you to buried treasure ... no , but it will give you a good sense of which direction you are travelling and where you are headed . Amazon has the watch listed for a great price ! The watch face is big , but I knew that from the photos so I am okay with the size . The band on the watch is very comfortable and the watch is lightweigh considering the size of the face . I would recommend this watch to the average weekend warrior . I liked it so much that I ordered another one to give as a gift to my Dad on Father 's Day .
 This is a nice watch with a lot of features . However , whoever writes the instructions for its use is not effective in what they are trying to do . It took several hours to figure out how to set up what needed to be established.Once done , the product is very nice .
 I 've had two Casio Pathfinders . The first was a PAG-70 which I picked up from Sam 's Club for $ 109 . xx . I had it for about 1.5 years before it found it 's way onto the wrist of my 15 year old Life Scout pursuing his Eagle Rank and serving as a summer Camp Councilor this summer . So , off to Sam 's I went and found the PAG-80 for $ 109 . xx ! I was thrilled . This -LRB- and the last -RRB- watch are supper easy to use , and given that I 'm a `` reads the manual '' type of guy , learning how to set reference altitudes , etc. is important for hikes , etc. . Most important though is the small bump on the end of the rubber wrist strap that keeps it locked within the strap catch ... the PAG-70 did n't have this feature -LRB- and it was most irritating . So , this is one great watch you ca n't do without .
 I wanted a watch with a barometer to use when fishing and ended up purchasing this watch because my brother has the previous model and it has served him faithfully for many years , despite taking a lot of abuse . These watches are durable to say the least . A few minutes in the sun seems enough to keep it fully charged and performing smoothly . Its also very light-weight given its overall size and not bad to look at . All functions seem to be accurate as well . I would buy one again .
 This is the second one of these watches that I have purchased . My first was battery powered . The only gripe that I have is when I tried to replace the batteries after 5 + years , I accidentally damaged the barometer sensor which took out the barometer and the altimeter . I bought the second one for my son 's high school graduation gift and I made sure it was solar powered . I still use my first one daily .
 well what can i say , after reading a few doom and gloom reviews i still went with the watch.the size was perfect , battery life has been on full charge since day one . compass and barometer are working correctly.this was a toss up between the suunto and the casio of which i had owned the SPF70 before and im really glad i went with casio.the service from Amazon was excellent.thanks guys.p.si will be buying from Amazon again .
 I have a number of Pathfinder/Protrek watches from Casio . The PAG 80 is an `` ABC '' -LRB- altitude/barometer/compass -RRB- watch with a solar battery . Each `` ABC '' Casio has similar and different characteristics . The solar battery is usually a plus . The readout on this model is very good . It is one of Casio 's largest Pathfinder models-this might be of concern -- depending upon the size of your wrist . Once the barometer/thermometer/altimeter are calibrated they give a acceptable degree of accuracy . Casio does not claim that these are `` highly precise '' instruments . The compass can also be calibrated for magnetic declination.I really like the size of the digits in the display . They are very easy to read `` at a glance '' . This is a great watch for the out-of-doors or for every day usage as well .
 I bought this as a gift for my friend who wanted a watch . I spent about $ 150 , thinking I was giving a `` nice '' gift . Now I 'm no watch expert , but I get the drift a $ 20 watch may be just as good . We live in Colorado where elevations are posted everywhere , and the watch is alwayws at least 500 ' off . I do n't know , maybe we just never put enough effort into figuring out the features . As far as the time , looks and being waterproof , great . As far as all the other stuff , not impressed . Again , I am not a `` watch person '' though , so maybe I just do n't get it .
 I backpack in the east where you can not always see the sun or surrounding terrain from either tree cover or clouds/rain . I 've found the functions on this watch to be helpful when backpacking.Navigation
 Love my Casio . It was shipped faster than what I thought !!! Works good and peoplehave been asking were I bought it !!!
 Big face , easy to read . Lightweight and comfortable to wear . Very easy to navigate through time , alarm , stopwatch , compass , barometer , and altimeter . Great Watch !
 I have had nothing but Casio watches over the last 20 years and they always worked no matter what . I wore them out . This one is no different . The Solar charging , compass barometer , and altimeter reliable . It is n't meant for precise measurements but will keep you well informed when you need it and for the price it ca n't be beat .
 I bought this as a gift and it works great . No complaints . Only thing is that it came backward in the box so you could tell someone had opened it and it was supposed to be new .
 i 'm still reading parts of the manual , ha ha , love the watch though , even if i 'm still learning of all the cool things it will do , i 'm very happy with it , excellent service and delivery , i 'm looking forward to doing more shopping on amazon , thanks
 I have looked around quite some time for a good multi sensor watch , and when this watch popped up in a special for $ 99 I could not resist . Fantastic watch , sensors work well , nice auto light feature etc. highly recommended .
 I bought this for my techno 11 year old . He loves it . Easy for him to understand/operate and substantial so it 'll hold up . Seems very accurate compared to his fathers technichal climbing gear . Great value . No problems and it 's been heavily worn .
 Great watch for not too much cost . Does most everything I want it to do and is easy to operate .
 I have been wanting a Casio Pathfinder Watch for a long time . The prices have come down and the features and different watches available have increased . Let us hope the quality has not . I work and play outdoors a lot and need the features it offers . I can get a quick reference direction , Altimeter height etc quickly . This or no other watch that I am aware of that will replace your compass , GPS , real altimeters , precise thermometer , barometer etc , but augments other instruments and gives a good `` quick reference '' Buttons are easy to use.I have used similar products with varying degrees of satisfaction in the past . Some cheap ones only offered Compass and were broken in 6 months , some of the more expensive ones -LRB- Scandinavian made -RRB- were fine , but required new batteries about once per year , that are supposed to be owner changeable , but I had to send back to the manufacturer for changing after tearing the back up trying to get it off . This one has a solar battery and is not supposed to need replacement -LRB- A + + -RRB- . The only reason that I gave a 4 star rating instead of 5 is I 'll have to wait and see if it holds up -LRB- to me and the elements , battery etc -RRB- and how cold weather will effect it 's use . -LRB- I live in Alaska -RRB- . The `` Extreme Cold '' feature of 14 degrees F is not realistic , even in other climate IMHO . I really love the watch so far . Cheaper at Amazon by at least $ 30 than the big box stores.UPDATE * I have used this watch for about 3 years now . I have not noticed the cold affecting it too much . The short Alaska days and limited sunlight caused a `` low Battery '' warning . I have learned to leave the watch in the window sill on a sunny day every once in awhile to prevent that .
 Received excellent service from my first Pathfinder -LRB- currently undergoing open watch surgery -RRB- . Have n't been below 160 ` FSW with this one , but assume it will perform like my older model . This model is a bit more stylish and has the solar power option . Looking forward to years of fun -LRB- like announcing the altitudes of different locations while climbing around Machu Pichu -RRB- with this one .
 Really a GREAT watch . Does everything as promised . My other watches are lonely ... Thanks Casio and thanks Amazon
 I have been using this product for the last few weeks . I am very satified with this product . Instructions were easy to follow . All features of this watch work well . The watch is large that I expected , however the window display is easy to see and set . I purchased this product because of the compass feature . The feature works well and fairly accurate in identifing direction .
 Replaced a Suunto , great watch , very happy , good price , was worried about size -LRB- being too big -RRB- but fits great . I sail for a living so it 's essential I have these functions .
 this altimeter watch is the fourth i have tried -LRB- thanks to generous return policies -RRB- . it is the first that combines what i think important , namely
 My husband wanted this watch for Christmas . He loves it ! I purchased the watch through Amazon . Price and shipping were great . Thanks .
 I love the Casio Sea pathfinder for it 's functiionality.PRO 'S
 Finally , I found a birthday present that my husband is so appreciative that he wears it every day . Came in handy in the Caribbean where tides are based on the moon . Highly recommend this watch and it looks great on !!
 Hello , I have owned this watch for a few weeks now , so I feel I can review it.The good : Rugged , Great features , Easy to read in day and nightThe bad : Stopwatch and timer functions are integrated - you ca n't have both a timer running and a stopwatch running at the same time . The stopwatch only does seconds . The light does not stay on very long.Overall I am very happy with this watch I would recommend it .
 1 -RRB- recived order within 24 hours - very impressive2 -RRB- watch # 1 given to my son-in-law - working well3 -RRB- watch # 2 not used as yet but expect same performance.Will submitt claim if watch # 2 does not perfom
 some of the reviews was complaining about the size of the this watch , my hands are small and this watch fits me well.i think it is exellent watch.the two missing things in this watch are the water dipth meter and diving log .
 i got this watch as a birthday present from my wife and what a gift it was . this watch is almost perfect . The digital compass , the barometer , tidal chart , and moon age functions work great . the only part that is questionable is the thermometer . while wearing the watch you wont get an accurate reading you have to have it off of you body for around 15 mins . but other than that its great . the size is awesome but i like large watches so some people might not like that part . if you are an outdoorsman get this watch . 5 stars !
 I have been reading reviews on this watch for some time before I finally got it from Amazon this Xmas ; - -RRB- Size - big watch but not as big as some reviewers mentioned , I have seen bigger watches.Thermometer - in my case the temperature is definitely influenced by body heat what makes temperature readings while on wrist unusable . I have been using other old model of Casio with thermometer and it was not as bad as with this one . When removed from the wrist and left for 15 minutes the readings were pretty accurate . Bad thing is that there are absolutely no other temperature readings that the current one :--LRB- No history of previous temperature readings.Barometer - very very accurate . I only used it for several days indoor only and I have been verifying the readings with accuweather service and it was always exactly the same . It is worth to mention that it keeps the track of 26 hours back.Compass - hard to tell but seems to be right.Solar power - there is no solar power as some previous reviewer has mentioned.Moon / Tide data - easy to read , easy to set up , downside is that the fluctuation of accuracy is + / - 2 days as to moon position.Countdown timer - offers many different options , I would even say way too many if you are not involved in yacht racing.There is only one time zone in this watch.Anyway the color of the watch itself is slightly darker than presented on the pictures on Amazon , looks rather black than dark blue . Also the bezel on the face of the watch in reality is more shiny.I am pretty happy owner of the SPF-40 ; - -RRB-
 buying form amazon is very good and apprciated way of electronic trading but i was trying to buy laptop from amazon and ship it to saudi arabia , but i got electronic message telling me sorry we can not send to saudi arbia ; moreover , we are having three option for shipment to saudi arabia either by saudi postal or DHL or USPS , so please advicethanks so much
 If you sail small boats or big boats this watch is really cool . I have really enjoyed using this watch . It has some features that I will not use often , but if you race competitively then they will come in handy . The only problem that I have found with the watch is the stop watch only has second resolution . This is usually fine for most applications , but some times when you are not on the water and you want to to time your 100m sprint time this is a little less resolution than wanted by some . This watch is a fun tool , and sometimes I am not sure that the thermometer is right on the money , but it is close and there might be some influence from body heat or something . The barometer is handy in all sorts of situations other than regular weather prediction , like when you are taking a flight and want to know what the pressure is inside the plan , one button and you are there.I have enjoyed this watch very much and would recommend it to anyone who wants a watch that has a compass , barometer , thermometer , timer/stopwatch , moon chart , and tide graph .
 A great big , chunky , manly man watch . Just what my husband wanted . And the numbers are big enough so he can see them easily . I love that it tells the temperature and has a compass , but on different screens so I do n't have to distinguish between a half-dozen little dials on the face .
 I have had the same watch for over 5 years now , when my old one broke I bought a new one , and it is everything I want in a watch . I do wish the temperature would work accurately but I guess I ca n't have everything . Very good Price and very good seller
 This is a nice watch , it certainly meets all the functions that I needed espcially if you are sailing but before I bought it , it was labelled as women 's model which was NOT ! it is far too big for a womens 's wrist it fits but looks funny . . as I had seen the watch on a mens wrist I thought it would be smaller with same functions unfortunately not so I can only wear it when I 'm on the sea but not daily wear . .
 Very nice and large face . Setting the features was not as easy as the instructions indicated , but you can figure it out . The alarms are a bit of a challenge , but you get used to it .
 I ordered this watch for my husband 's birthday and I was pleased to say that it turned up well in advance of the date I needed it by and in good condition . My husband thinks it is a very good watch and wears it all the time .
 This is an excellent watch for outdoorsy types , especially for those who sail , kayak or surf . With a compass , barometer , thermometer , and tide/moon tracking , it provides essential -LRB- potentially life-saving -RRB- information in an easy to use package.The compass is seems accurate and is easy to calibrate . It is ideally suited for emergency navigation and for casual use such as trail hiking and river boating . I 'm not sure I 'd want to use it as my only compass for serious hiking or over the horizon boating , but perhaps that 's just my distrust of electronics in mission critical environments.The barometer is a little more hit-or-miss . It 's accuracy is questionable given its fluctuation with altitude or temperature . This is not a Casio problem - it happens with all barometers especially wrist-mounted . Despite these issues the barometrer does a fair job of tracking the trend over the last 24 hours . Serious moutaineers may miss the multi-day tracking and using the barometer as altimeter , but most will appreciate it for the simple data it provides . I wish there were more display options , like a large multiday graph option for instance , but the small graph is fine.Temp fluctuates when this is worn on the wrist , but not too much - perhaps a couple of degrees hotter than true outside temperature . It may be less accurate in cold temperatures than hot , but I 'll have to wait a few months to test that theory.The tide and moon features are what make this watch unique among triple-sensor watches , so I imagine that will be a key selling point for most . Both work well enough , though they will not replace a tide chart . The tide graph shows the general point in the cycle , but not with great accuracy . It 's really only possible to estimate high tide with an hour or two . It would be nice of the actual hightide time were displayed or at least the graph had greater specificity . The moon tracking is a nice touch , since it allows one to estimate the size of the tides -LRB- spring and neap -RRB- . But it 's only an estimate - the watch does not tie moon and tide data together , leaving it to the user to figure it out . Some other tide watches actually have charts built-in that provide much more accurate data for particlar beaches , but are limited to limited spots . Since the Casio use longitude and other data to estimate the tide , it is less accurate for specific spots but more usefull overall . The ability to forcast the moon phase days in the future , but not to do the same for tide , leaves me wondering what they were thinking.Other features of the watch include a countdown timer , stopwatch , and five alarms , which are all just fine . The five alarms can not be set by day , but I suppose if you want to set a time for each day and just activate it as necessary that does the job . If you use the stopwatch and coundown timers frequently you may find switching between the two annoying , since they use the same function -LRB- you just set the the countdown timer to zero to put it in stopwatch mode -RRB- . Also there are no lap-timers . Downsides to the watch basically boil down to compleixity and size . While the watch is pretty easy to use once you get the hang of it , it is not entirely intuitive an all screens , and requires some memorization . Setting the tide data requires far too much research on the internet , and casio should provide better data either in the manual or on their website about how to set the data for most large coastal cities and popular recreation areas . The size of the watch is HUGE . It is larger even than the Suunto watches with similar features . The biggest annoyance I have with the size is the height , which is made unnecisarily taller by the rotating bezel . But for some the size wo n't matter -LRB- some may like it -RRB- so it is really a matter of taste.Overall the eatch offers a great set of tools for most casual uses and does it at a very reasonable price . I recommend it to casual adventurers unconcerned about the size .
 I am really happy with my new watch . I go to the beach often and always forget my tide charts , so that function as been very useful . The barometer is a great way to predict short term weather patterns and the digital compass is accurate , easy to use and very handy when directions need clarifying.The only draw backs to it are the size of the thing , it is very large compard to any other watch I have ever owned , the barometer button gets pushed accidently if you flex your hand to far and the stop watch rounds to the nearest second , no fractions here.I am very happy with mine however , it does everything that my three old watches did and more in one mannly looking wrist piece .
 I 've had this watch since last December !! It 's the best watch I 've ever owned . Love the solar powered aspect -LRB- will charge on cloudy days too -RRB- . It 's a very large watch , so if you do n't like that , then do n't get this . However , it looks cool and the compass and barometer features I use the most ... have n't used the altimeter -LRB- I do n't skydive -RRB- but the next time I fly I will check it out . BUY THIS WATCH !!
 I was looking for a replacement to an existing timepiece with compass , the Timex Helix watch . The Timex just was not accurate enough for me , and required frequent recalibration . The Casio Pathfinder , by comparison , is very consistent with its readings , though still not as accurate as a hand-held oil filled compass . Yet for navigation about strange lands , or seas , it does the job . I also like the 24-hour history barometer , which shows atmospheric pressure trends . There 's a thermometer on the same screen , which is only accurate when taken off the wrist and left to equilibrate with ambient air awhile . There are five presettable alarm times , something my old Casio G-shock watch had just one of . I find I use at most two . I would have preferred the Pathfinder including a dedicated stopwatch screen in place of several of the alarms . Instead , the Pathfinder uses an either/or screen for stopwatch or countdown timer . One must bring the countdown timer preset time to zero , and then the stopwatch mode will engage . And unlike the Casio G-shock model , the Pathfinder stopwatch displays whole seconds only , not hundreths like the G-shock . For the feebleness of the stopwatch feature I gave just four stars instead of five ; but hey , the Pathfinder was not targeted to runners ; it 's a yachtsman 's watch .
 I have read everyones review regarding this watch . Yes this watch is big which is fine because I am a big guy . I would n't recommend this watch for the ladies because it is so large . I really do like the look of this watch . The face is big as well as the numbers so it is very easy to read . I have looked at and reviewed just about every tide watch none to man kind before I purchased this one . Lets talk about the tide mode . Most tide watches allow you to put in a city code choice into the watch . Well would if the city code that is in the watch does not match to where you live ? Would if it is n't even close to where you live ? Well what good is a tide watch if it does n't give you a tide reading in your area ! This is what I really love about this watch . It uses longitude and Lunitidal interval readings to give you a tide reading no matter where your at . The Lunitidal Interval is where the moon is set between Moonrise and Moonset . Once you figure that time out then you figure out that time and the next high tide and program those numbers into the watch . It is not an exact accurate reading but , you can program this watch to come very close to an accurate tide reading in your area . Depending on where you live there can be two high tides taking place in one day . This watch is not set up to tell you this . On the other hand there is no other tide watch that will do this either . This watch will by far give you a more accurate reading than any other Tide Watch on the market . How nice it is to look down at your watch and be able to tell what the tide is and wether the moon is full or not . The other thing I liked about Casio is that they help you program this watch by giving instructions on the internet . How do you know if your going to like the watch if you do n't know how it works ? I was able to pull up the instructions of this watch on Casio Pathfinder watch manuels in the internet before I even purchased the watch . Which explained everything to me about this watch and how to program it . The Barometer graph is small but very helpful . This watch will tell you the temperature but you really have to read the instructions carefully to program this watch accurately . I like the fact that this watch is light . The watch ligths up really well when it is dark . The illuminesence is so bright that you can even see it in the sun light . I would recommend this watch to anyone who likes to fish , scuba dive , or any kind of boating or Sailing that you may do . If you like being on the water this is the watch for you . I scuba dive but I would not recommend you use this for scubadiving . 1 . because it does n't give you a depth measurement underwater . 2 . if you push the buttons while you are underwater it might leak . This watch has been rated to go 100 meters which is 330 feet . I use a wrist computer made for scubadiving . I have had Casio watches in the past that I did use for scubdiving and they never leaked so I leave this decision upto to you . I have had a lot of Casio watches in the past and they are tough as nails . So plan on having this watch for a while . I hope this review has helped you in making your decision .
 Excellent watch -- except for the size and setting the Luni-Tidal Interval . The instructions in the manual are not at all intuitive and I spent a couple of hours two days in a row talking to Casio Customer Service to help set the watch up for local tides . No one in the tech shop seemed to know which variables to plug in the formula listed in the owner 's manual . I finally figured out a better , simpler way of calculating the LT Interval on my own . The tides are accurate but not precise , due to the 6-hour time increments on the tide graph . It it still excellent as a handy general tide reference . There is also no capability of predicting tide more than about 6 or 12 hours ahead of time.The temperature function is only accurate when the watch is removed from the wrist.The barometer is a cool function and it graphs over a 24 hour period to show trends.I 've not yet had to replace any of the four batteries , but I imagine this will be a royal pain when the time comes.All in all it is a great package of information available on your wrist . The watch is durable and functional .
 this is really a great watch . works just as promised . i have no complaints . the only thing is its really BIG . if you dont have big wrists or forearms it may look alittle stupid on you .
 I needed a timepiece that was rugged , solar , and had the functions I needed when out on the water . This unit seems to fit the bill . I particularly like the 5 alarms , hourly chime , and auto-backlight feature that can be set to turn on by simply lifting your arm to view the watch . The compass , temp , tide and baro features also provide a nice backup if my on-board navigation equipment fails .
 I gave this as a gift to my husband , who loved it because it was featured on House , his favorite show . He says it 's got great function and is comfortable , too .
 I really like this watch for the tidal feature , among all the other features.I Sold my Casio PAG40 which did not have tides , and that was a fantastic watch , It had a altimeter instead . The tides will be accurate if you program it correctly . I am amazed by reading other reviews that people have such a problem with this feature in setting it correctly , if the lunitidal setting is not in the directions they blame Casio not their own ignorance . It is so simple it is the time of the lunar meridian passing -LSB- the highest point in the sky of the moon -RSB- to the next high tide in the locale you are . That time difference is the lunitidal interval DUH ! . You can find this information on most weather and tide sites , try NOAA it will take a little poking around for the Lunar meridian passing time , but you will be rewarded with a highly accurate tide prediction on your watch . Now Casio made this watch for mariners that should not be perplexed by some thing as simple as calculating their local lunitidal interval . So all around for anyone that interacts with the sea this is the watch to have . Also no matter where on the planet you are there are only two tides in 24 hours always advancing because of the moon and the rotation of the earth . In certain areas the lunar tidal influence is disturbed and altered by coastal and oceanic subsurface topography , which can result in tides are not in the normal sequence . No watch can take into account these differences , the SPF40 bases it predictions on the gravitational tidal forces only .
 I have owned several of these watches over the years . I love all of the features . My favorite is the Barometer . Very helpful while out fishing.The only draw back is that the temperature is not acurate while the watch is being worn.Had a problem with one in the first year . I sent the watch for warranty repair.At first Casio wanted me to pay to have the watch repaired.I called back three times and finally asked them to reinspect the watch . Once they did they called and agreed to repair the watch under the warranty .
 Im a 10 year , retired , US NAVY Quartermaster -LRB- ship 's navigator -RRB- and I used this same model watch for more than 4 years at sea during the Iraqi War -- I love this freakn ' watch ! Sea , salt , sun nor sand could stop it . It 's tough and never failed to keep up with any demand at sea . In all that time , I only ever changed the batts . once.As long as you know how to input the right data into it , it 'll do .
 This was purchased as a replacement for the same watch I purchased 7 years ago . It is perfect for the use - for a sailing watch where you can see the tide at a glance and also the countdown timer which repeats . Although large it is very light in weight . and it is quite rugged but after 7 years of mistreatment the buttons were broken and although it still did not leak , it was time for replacement .
 This watch is lighter than my last one but still looks good . In less than one hour I was able to master all of the functions and trust me there are several . The setting of GMT and location was easy and straight forward but you need to look these up for your location unless you live in Sydney , LA or Miami etc. . Easy enough . The watch looks great , feels lighter than I expected and every function checks out . I spend an enormous amount of time in and around the water . I use more than one of these functions each day . I recommend the watch to anyone who wants all of the tools you need to sail , surf and count down your race time in one place . Backlight is easy and everything works great . The little manual is well written .
 I got this watch specifically for the tide function so I was slightly disappointed with the accuracy of that function . Everything else about the watch is great.Pros : Large Size - for some reason I like the large size makes me feel like I have a piece of scientific equipment on my wristBarometer - works well and checks out accurately with other sourcesCompass - Very cool option that works wellLunar Cycles - Do n't use it so much , but its accurate to within a dayTimers - A few good options for setting for different purposesThermometer - Works well when the watch is off your wristWaterproof - Why yes it isCons : Tide Chart - Its not very accurate . It gives me a good idea around where the tides are , but I use it for surf fishing and need -LRB- prefer -RRB- much more accuracy . I would suggest a watch with a programmable tide chart if you want a watch for this reason.I would buy this watch knowing everything I know about it now . All the bells and whistles make up for the lack of accuracy on the tide graph . I may get a cheapo watch for surf fishing with a programmable tide option .
 I bought this watch for yacht racing and kayaking . The most important features for me are the timer and the tide chart . Compass is very handy as a backup device.Downsides : a . The tide indicator is mighty approximate . It would be very nice if you could manually enter the time of high tide for one or more favorite harbors and then have the watch compute the tides from then on and display the high and low tides digitally . Currently , the best you can do is `` about an hour from high tide '' or `` the tide should be going out '' . b . The button for reading the barometer is situated so that it can be pressed accidentally by flexing the wrist . 50 % of the time when I glance at the watch , I get a barometric pressure instead of the time . Not convenient when counting down the seconds before a start . This issue could easily be solved by making the barometer a `` press twice within one second '' switch.c . Given that they 've got a barometer in the watch , would it have hurt to make it an altimeter as well ? Some of us sailors go on the occasional hike or skiing expedition too.The watch is big and I occasionally get the `` that 's the largest watch I 've ever seen '' comment , but so what ? Lots of info is immediately available and it 's in sufficiently large type that I do n't have to squint .
 Great watch , I use it for surfing and wear it just about every day . The tide function is really accurate and the large read out is great for use in the water . At times its almost too large to use as an every day watch but until the novelty wears off - the barometer and compass also seem to work well .
 Attention all HandsThis watch is an excellent choice for any cruiser , sailboat racer or boat owner . This is like having the electronics at your helm on our wrist.The tide application is easily set with directions from the internet . The tidal chart function is uncomplicated and simple to understand . The barometer provides a guide to the pending weather in providing a chart for falling , rising or steady barometric pressure for the local area . The digital compass is better than I expected in that it provides actual compass degrees and headings . Countdown timer is excellent.I have had several other tide and sailing watches and this is the best yet . The watch has enough applications and features to make any boat geek happy . I recommended the watch to my local marine store that they should stock this model .
 Nice Watch . I just returned the regular pathfinder for this one . The regular one has the nylon band backed with some kind of leather or pleathor that will end up looking like three kinds of hell in a couple of months or if you get it wet or happen to sweat like a pig a few times . This band is rubber and looks cool . I collect diver watches of various kinds that span cost from this to the rediculous and this is a good quality watch . The size is not bad . I have very small wrists and it still looks good on me . While the face goes from one side of my wrist to the other it does not look like a giant hubcap like some watches do . It looks cool and does a bunch of crap I will never figure out . I just like the compass and hey it even tells time .
 Casio 's reputation is known , one can not fail in purchasing one of their products . The Sea Pathfinder Tide Watch is one of those good products . Yet , I believe it could have been better in the sense that although it provides chronometer and all for the purpose of timing races , it does not offer a stop watch for the use in taking one 's position with the help of a navigational instrument such as a sextant . And although its compass can be useful and accurate , it does not provide a memory to keep multiple bearings at single one time , again a helpful program for navigational purposes . So , although I am satisfied with the product , I am still left on my expectations . Perhaps a word or two to Casio might bring some improvements . . As for Amazon , well , it is always very good in providing the goods it sells . No complain there .
 Finally received my watch . At first it was not delivered and Amazon kindly offered to send a replacement . Thankfully my freight forward finally managed to locate it , about a month later.I got this watch to accompany me for my kayaking and fishing.Anyhow , the watch works as advertised . The watch is actually lighter that it looks , though it does look rather chunky on my wrist . Chunky is good ! It arrived in a `` Auto Display '' mode , so that means it 'll be switching screens around and you wo n't be able to do anything else until you turn it off . Look out for a little blue instruction sheet tucked inside the manual to deactivate the auto display . Getting up and started is relatively easy , just follow the booklet and all will be over in about 10 minutes or so.As another user has commented , its a little off from the tide readings , about an hour or so be generally still gives you a good tidal indication . Barometer and temperature works best if its not on your hand for awhile and allowing it to cool to the ambient temperature . The barometer was spot on when I got it , it rained not long after it detected a drop in barometric pressure.Overall , would recommend for this watch for the price range that it is in . Its functions and its data gives you a good indication of weather and tide . So have fun with it , I 'm off kayaking with my new toy . !
 I surf and fish . This watch became really handy for me becasue it indicates all the information I need when I surf or fish .
 I ordered this autographed Ron Santo ball as a surprise for my husband for Christmas . I was unable to be with him this year , but had his family record him opening the gift ! It was a priceless moment , and he even broke down crying , stating that `` My wife is the best !!! '' He had no idea it was coming and it now sits proudly on our dresser , which he constantly looks at ! I am so pleased with the gift and it will be treasured for years to come !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Very good product . Nothing hard than to attach two poles if you do n't have two left hands . Works great in the ocean . Unfortunately , you have to have your buddy to enjoy .
 Live Bait is a Must for Fishing in the Florida Keys . My wife and I catch Pilchards , thread herring and Mullet with this bait net . Many times a Throw Net is require but when the bait fish move to the shallows this is a very good way to harvest bait without killing half of them . We keep it on board our flats boat . Thanks .
 I have had to install and remove the device at 3 times and have had no problems with it . Only an extremely diehard fan of your bike or rack would figure out a way to break this thing
 Wanted something to get that funky odor off the mat and kill those germs . This spray does the trick . Great scent and does not leave the mat sticky . Would buy again
 I 'm not sure if it actually cleans the mat ... I suppose it looks cleaner once I wiped down with the spray . The scent I definitely love though !! I have the lavender spray . Would buy again .
 I am training for a triathlon after doing a marathon and many half marathons in my middle aged years . I think the quality/design and fabric is great . I ordered XL and I normally wear XL or L but it was way too small . I know the design of these guys is body tight but this one was way too small for me . Returned for another size . Would recommend the product .
 I bought this as a gift for use while stand up paddleboarding in South Florida.The shirt is well-constructed . It is perfect for our `` winter '' weather , and serves as a UV guard as well.In terms of sizing , I was concerned based on the design of the shirt 's fit -LRB- to fit like a glove -RRB- and notations on Body Glove 's size chart . The shirt does run small , but if you order one size up as recommended , you will be set . For example , the XL fit a 6 ' 3 ' , 190-195 # man perfectly.The only disappointment was the logo on the shirt . It is not as pictured , and displays their updated logo , which has kind of an `` Ed Hardy vibe '' to it . Nothing wrong with that , if that 's what you are into , but I had bought this shirt specifically because it was pictured with the traditional logo.All said , it 's a great shirt at a reasonable price .
 I try to be conscientious about the feelings others . I have no business going shirtless at the pool . With this one I do n't have to worry about nauseating onlookers and as an added bonus I do n't have to sunscreen up . Hail progress !
 The actual color -LRB- I bought it in silver -RRB- has blue/aquamarine tone that is not represented in the photo , and the logo is actually a massive gothic-font , not the small one depicted at the time of my purchase/review . The light color has been stained some off colors from the sea . When you get out of the water , the shirt holds a lot of water , so if there is a breeze , it is quite cold , even in 100 degree heat . I bought silver because I was afraid a dark color would be too hot in the tropical sun , but in retrospect , a dark color would help the stains and the solar gain might be nice . I bought it for UV protection . For that , it worked . I bought a large , my normal shirt size , and it fit snug , as designed . I only deducted a star because it was not as pictured , and it stained very easily .
 make sure when u order to git a size or two larger than you wear . i wear a medium and have to give the shirt to my 9 year old . there was no way i was gitting it on me .
 I really like this top - as it fit very well and does n't irritate me like others I own . I found evidence that the sun protection works well on it too as I forgot to apply sunscreen to my hands and they got pretty sunburned while the line ending at the sleeves of this top revealed totally protected/unburned arms . -LRB- and yes , my neck showed the same thing ! -RRB- Highly recommended !
 Great rash guard for surfing , I 'm a hard fit and this was good for me . Should have gotten not the black one . Black , in direct sunlight , gets a little toasty if i 'm not the water
 The fit is a bit small as previously noted . Ordered an XL for someone who always wears a L and the fit was perfect . Used 2x daily for a week and the end threads in 4 places had to be trimmed ... this has occurred on my rash guard , too , so I assume that it is `` normal '' , but I figure they could anchor the thread better at the end of the seam or something ? Otherwise , the shirt is great , comfortable , non-restrictive and the SPF factor appeared to be as advertised .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 We love this tent . It is very spacious . The instructions are precise and simple . It comes with a great storage bag with wheels . Make sure you do follow the directions and not deviate from them thinking that you may have a better way to get it up . The directions give you the best way of getting the tent up quickly . The tent is very sturdy . We camped out at Acadia National Park for a week and it worked great for us . HIGHLY RECOMMEND ESPECIALLY IF THE PRICE IS RIGHT !!!!
 We absolutely love our Gardner Peak tent . We are a family of 5 and I wanted a lot of room . I got it with this tent . Both my husband and I are able to stand up straight while inside . We sleep on 2 king size air mattresses . My favorite part of the tent is the top . It is mostly screen . It is so peaceful at night . We even strand x-mas lights throughout the inside of the tent . My girls love it.Columbia customer service was excellent . When doing my practice run of setting it up before taking it out for the first time I noticed a small hole in the top of the tent . So I called them up and they sent me a whole new shell free . Since the hole was minor we saved the new shell until we were ready to switch it out . They were very friendly and no questions asked.In the first 6 months of having the tent we took it out 7 times . We never had a problem with poles . Through the years of ownership we have been caught in many huge storms . Out of all the storms we were in , not once did our tent collapse . One of the storms was at the beach . I remember the wind was extremely strong . I was worried that it was going to collapse , but it stood strong . When the storm had passed we walked out of our Gardner peak looked around and could n't believe it . All the tents around us had fallen . Even the pop up campers sides were caved in . We even had a gentleman ask us about our tent . He wanted to get one for his 5 boys . He was even amazed that it stood through the storm . That is when I knew we had an amazing tent.Here are a few tips to keep in mind ... When staking the tent do not over stretch . This puts a lot of strain on the seams and zippers . This may even cause leaks . My cousin had a coleman . Their seam ended up coming apart and coleman would not replace it.Stake at an angle . -LRB- I know this is a common sense thing , but you would be surprised how some people stake -RRB- Seal your seamsIn storms keep your rain fly tight . It should not be able to flap around.Put a tarp under your tent . No matter how well you think you cleared the area . You will have missed something.I did a lot of research before purchasing the Gardner Peak . By far this was the best one . As with all things proper care will make your investment last a long time . We have had our tent for over 4 summers now and it is still going strong .
 i 've camping for years always top of the line tent like eureka , north face ... the first time i used this tent it rained nonstop for over 24hrs our campground flooded and not a drop of water got in our tent couldn , t ask for a better tent !!! colombia is the way to go !!!
 I 've read all the comments on this site pertaining to this tent . You 've got to be kidding me . I 'm an experienced camper . I am also a BSA leader like one of the other reviewers . So yes , I 've tried other brands of tents before including Coleman . Okay , zippers appear to be a big topic . There is a rain-fly that can get caught . Big deal . I pull the zipper with my thumb under the rain-fly . Works just fine . My 8 year-old son opens and closes the tent all the time without any trouble . Guess he is smarter than most of the adults on this site.Looks like some people snap the poles . I could see this happening if you 're not careful . Until the tent is fully assembled , it is not that strong . In my experience , this is a tough tent to put up unless you 've got at least 3 people . But hey , you should n't be putting up a giant cabin tent like this one by yourself anyway . My wife and I put it up last time with the assistance of our 8 year-old son . The main thing is , give your poles support until everything is in place . When you 've got one end 7 feet off the ground , and the other end is hanging , it can break . Have someone hold up the other end . Duh!Lastly , I want to address all the garbage I 've read about bad weather . Maybe this tent is bad luck for me because almost every time I 've used it we 've had bad weather , including high winds and thunderstorms . This thing has withstood winds gusting at 30 mph and strong rain . I 've never seen as much as a single drop of rain inside ! We woke up the next morning and the cheap tents belonging to our friends , including Colemans , were all ripped . Our tent looked good as new accept for the debris left over from the storm . It is one sturdy tent.As a quick little note to end my review , if you call Columbia they will put you through to their vendor that manufactures this tent . They have sent me a replacement dome light and two free batteries for the remotes . Extremely customer service friendly.Bottom line
 SIZE
 Pros
 I bought this Tent after reading the first reviewers write-up . When it finally arrived , the rain was threatening . That would not stop me , so , I set it up in the living room -LRB- YUP ! -RRB- WOW ! It was a truely awesome site to see , it practically took-up our eniter living room . We were all very excited , because Spring Break was right around the corner . As stated by other reviews , it has plenty of room for all . In fact we were able to fit three -LRB- 3 -RRB- Queen size blow-up matresses side-by-side , with three -LRB- 3 -RRB- feet to spare by the door and nearly three by the wall.I will also have to agree with a reviewer that the Door zippers need adjusting . The rain-flap kept getting caught in the zipper . I was so enraged that I came close to cutting it off . At one point the zipper was not even binding the two together . I calmed down , used my trusty Leatherman and made slight adjustments to it -LRB- squeezing down on it -RRB- . Problem solvedPro 's - Very BIG Tent for all your needs ... Con 's - Very Big Tent , you need a big campsite for this BAD BOY . . Zippers on the Door 's -LRB- Flap 's need to be bigger -RRB- Tip 's
 Here 's the whole backstory of why I have decided to purchase Columbia Tents rather than purchase Columbia 's tent competitors : I made some grave mistakes by buying cheap tents!My first GRAVE MISTAKE was purchasing Swiss Gear 10-person Dome Tent at Sears-item # 00674119000 Mfr . model # 74119 `` Interlachen '' four room cabin dome tent sleeps 10 people-lousy , weird design-my nieces and nephews complained the tent design was cramped , the zippers were getting stuck on the zipper protective fly , the room dividers were inefficient for privacy , and the tent poles were so cheaply made that the poles shattered into fragments . The figerglass poles caused slivers to lodge into my hand . Painful.I also bought the Swiss Gear 13 x 17 ft. Dome Tent Sears item # 00674115000 Mfr . model # 74115 `` Alpine Lodge '' family dome tent is weather-resistant with many Swiss Gear features like removable dividers , gear loft , pockets , factory-taped fly seams , 3 exit entry doors during the same time . The Alpine proved just as worthless as its counterpartner , Interlachen!The tent space for the Interlachen and Alpine are quite small and trying to size up a tarp as a footprint to protect the tent floor was trying my patience terribly . I returned both tents to Sears-I abhored these two tents ! The tent poles shattered and frayed ; the rain fly allowed rain to blow into the tent . Terrible design for both Interlachen and Alpine tents!Second GRAVE MISTAKE
 My husband and I bought the Columbia Gardner Peak to take camping at the Kerrville music festival -LRB- an 18 day outdoor festival held in Kerrville Texas in the spring -RRB- . This is probably the 7th or 8th tent we have owned over the last 30 years and we absolutely love it!First , it is humongous . And , the nearly vertical walls make practically every inch of the 180 sq ft of space useable . One rainy night we gathered 8 musicians with instruments - plus folding chairs for everyone - into the tent and had a song-circle ! We even had room for a stand-up base in the middle of the circle . Next , depite its huge size , it is a remarkable easy tent to set up . I can do it solo in about 20 minutes and I 'm over 50 , over-weight and totally out of shape . Third , no leaks whatsoever despite that fact that this was spring '07 when central Texas was having so much rain , our floods were making nationwide news on a regular basis . We had sprayed the tent with heavy-duty silicon spray before taking it camping but we do that with every new tent . Fourth , Columbia has finally figured out that no one -LRB- at least not me -RRB- can ever re-roll a tent quite as tightly as it came from the factory . So they put a zippered gusset on the rolling bag which gives you two extra inches of depth and means the tent will actually go back into its bag even after collecting a layer of grime ! Fifth , although I laughed about them at first , the battery powered tent lights turned out to be really useful . We just kept them stuck on the velcro patches that are provided -LRB- just over the door on the outside of the tent and inside on the ceiling -RRB- . No more fumbling in the dark for a flashlight . We did n't bother using the remotes.After the festival , I told my husband we should just go ahead and buy an extra Gardner Peak tent now so that when this one wears out , we will have a replacement on hand . Knowing our luck , by that time , Columbia will have stopped making this model and whatever they replace it with wo n't be half as good !
 We tried this tent after a rain-soaked expereince with a Coleman 3-room family dome tent . The Columbia Gardner Peak Ten-Person Cabin Dome Tent is awesome . We have used it several times and are thrilled with it . We have been very impressed with the quality of the tent , the storage bag -LRB- with gussets and wheels ! -RRB- and the detailed instructions.On the downside
 Just to let everyone know , that is is one sweet tent.It took roughly 15 minutes to set up first time with two people , and I advise to read the instructions and follow them . It makes it easier to put up and take down.This tent is very large with enough room and more the storage in the tent is great as well.On the first three nights and days of use for the tent it rained none stop for hours and hours winds up to 25 to 30 mile an hour gusts and no problems no leaks and I was amazed.After camping for years and having several tents , this is by far the best I have ever had.I use it for my main tent and have a couple of four man tents for cooking and bathing etc : If you are looking for a tent that will stand up to mother nature and is easy to put up and take down this is the one.I am taking another camping trip this weekend and will hopefully get some pictures of the tent set up that I will post when i get back.I was able to put two king size air mattresses inside and all of my other gear and still have room for five more people if needed . being six foot three this tent is great for hieght to -LRB- 84 '' -RRB- ... stood up and walked around the whole tent never had to bend down once.Awsome Awsome Tent look for the great deal on Amazon.com and save lots of money.Tent rating 10 out of 10 A + + + + + + + + + + + The woodsman
 We purchased the Columbia Gardner Peak tent since we wanted to have plenty of room . I like the design - it 's fairly easy to setup and take down , and the roll-behind storage case is nice . Lots of room for a family - the tent is 18 feet long and quite tall when it 's up , so there 's plenty of room inside . Nice design , and as usual it 's of good quality which seems to be consistent with Columbia items . I looked far and wide and Amazon had the best price . Overall I 'm happy that we went with this tent , it 's a good fit for our family of 5 .
 Excellent tent for the buy ! Used three weekends in a row . Has plenty of space and sets up in minutes . -LRB- after first time figuring it out -RRB- Must have two people to set up though . Held up strong to hard rains and no leaks ! It is a great family tent .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I 've had these for more than 6 months now and am totally satisfied . I 've used them weekly for at least 2 hours at a time for about 4 months and used them for two full days in the spring . I 'm still on the first set of batteries . The sound suppression is good and they are comfortable . If you are in a windy area they may not be the best for you . 15 - 20 mph wind generates a lot of noise . You can turn them down to decrease the volume of it but then you 're turning down everything else that you want to hear .
 Bought this set of Pro-Ears for my new-shooter wife -LRB- I certainly would n't wear the PINK ones ... -RRB- Had ordered another pair for myself earlier and liked them -LRB- in dark green , of course -RRB- . These have been perfect for my wife to wear at the indoor ranges where we shoot - she just completed her NRA Course and did the CCW qualification shoot in them . She really likes being able to hear me easily at the range , regardless of what 's being shot on the next lane over . These are light enough weight , even with the batteries in for a woman to wear easily and are well worth the price !
 These ears are the most comfortable ears I have used in over 30 years at gun ranges . If you are looking for the most comfortable ear protection on the market these are the ticket . If you want a set that incorporates a connection for your Ipod the manufacture has those as well , would not recommend them for the gun range but , for mowing your lawn these may have a use .
 I paid $ 85 . oo for this because it was refurbished . I 'll assume it did not meet the expectations of the original owner and they returned it . It does not have something ??? that my Pro Ears for $ 300 . oo bucks has but is fine for a loaner here at our sportsmen 's club so if you want to support youth leagues let me know when you get more at this price .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 TheACCUSPLIT AE625M35 Eagle Stopwatch with 35 Memory , for $ 29.95 , is a high-quality stopwatch that also functions as a standard watch -LRB- including alarm , date , time -RRB- , as well as features of a stopwatch -LRB- countdown to 0:00:00 , breaking time -LRB- forward -RRB- into laps , held in 29 separate points of memory with aggregate time accumulating through the most recent lap , the measured previous lap , and continuous time -RRB- . This Stopwatch is highly intuitive to operate and easy to carry , with a stap that you can wear over any clothing . With the AE625M35 , you can -LRB- 1 -RRB- set time - hour , minute , second , year , month , -LRB- 2 -RRB- stop time into 29 points of measure , valuable for measuring individual laps of a team -LRB- up to 29 persons , each with one lap -- particularly handy for relay races -RRB- , -LRB- 3 -RRB- keep track of your own time - such as lunch hours . The Accusplit Eagle Stopwatch is also an interesting timepiece from a curiosity-seeker 's point of view . It 's modern and sleek design often draws compliments . Numbers are easy to read and the watch is easy to operate . I highly recommend its purchase and use .
 For its price i think it is a very good deal.It has a lot of functions.I do think that it is slightly bigger than it should beand also there is that annoying beeping each time you pusha button -LRB- btw ... does anybody know how to turn it off/on ? -RRB- . So far -LRB- i have it for 2-3 months ... all is good -RRB-
 The first watch that I received do n't work at all , so I contacted ACCUSPLIT and sent it back to them . I ten days I got a new watch that has worked wonderfully . It 's a good watch with a lot of nice features that I like . I also liked ACCUSPLIT customer service , as they showed there committment to good quality . I would recommend buying it , the only reason I did n't give it a five star , was the first ones problem .
 I needed a timer that had selectable up/down cout function . This one does so it will counnt down , beep and continue countig up.I has 3 rows of display , the bottom one is active and I wish it was a bit larger digit . Since it is an older model the display contrast is ' t so ideal.I like it very much . $ stars only because of display .
 this watch fits well in the hand and workes very well . for a runner , the pacer is hard to find , great product
 Stopwatch would only be better if it was a silent stopwatch . Otherwise , it is my stopwatch of choice for timing commercials .
 One of the few I have ever found that has reliable switches - sad but true . One click and it starts , everytime . One click and it stops , everytime .
 I am very happy with my Accusplit stopwatch . It is everything I had hoped for .
 Bueno lo que les puedo decir del producto que es muy bueno su envio fue satisfecho y que la calidad del mismo es superior a los otros gracias !!
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 It was about time I got a new one of these . It is perfect and fits great . Soon as I installed it , which installation was incredible easy , and put my mask on I could feel the significance of a good strap . I highly recommend it to anyone feeling their goggles are n't fitting just quite right anymore .
 The Life is Good chill caps are so cute and colorful you can still look like a girl while wearing a ball cap . I have a few different colors to go with whatever I 'm wearing . After wearing a surgical hat all day long at work my hair is thrashed , so I always stick one of my chill caps on when I leave work . Ta da , nice & fresh looking !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 My attraction to gadgets has it 's roots in my unwavering love for watches , especially high tech watches . As both a previous owner of Casio G-Shock solar powered time pieces and Suunto brand wrist top computer watches , I have often wished for a watch that could combine both the solar power and atomic time keeping features with those of an altimeter , barometer , compass , and thermometer . This is that watch.The watch appears to be well designed and is very light weight . I do n't have any problems with the resin band as it seems plenty sturdy and is quite comfortable to wear . The watch face is larger than most watches , but it 's not too big . Some of the Suunto watches are much larger , and thus look much more awkward . The display and readout of the LCD display is sharp and good and easy to read . One of the biggest complaints I 've had with the Suunto watches is that the displays are not easy to read unless you are in bright sunlight . This Casio watch is easy to read , even indoors . Also , the setup and functionality of the instruments on this watch were very easy with everything working right out of the box - there was no set up at all other than adjusting the units to imperial instead of the default setting of metric . Comparing to the Suunto , the watch gives the same readings as the Suunto so it seems to be spot on with reliability and accuracy.Overall , this is really the ultimate watch . All of the features just about anybody could want on a watch -LRB- except no heart monitor -RRB- but everything there for the outdoorsman , athelete , or just the plain uber-geek techno junkie like me . A big selling point is that the watch does feature world times with 26 time zones which is very useful for a business traveler . The Suunto watches do not have this feature and require you to manually reset your watch if you travel into a different time zone . The watch will never require a battery , stays perfectly in sync with the atomic clock in Boulder , CO each day , is easy to read and set up , is tough durable and styled such that it does n't look like you 're wearing a kitchen timer on your wrist . It would be nice to see the day of the week along with the date in the same view , but it 's only one button push away . That would really be the only thing I wish was different on the watch , but not enough to detract it from the 5 stars this watch obviously deserves . And finally , it should be noted that this watch is a couple of hundred dollars cheaper -LRB- depending on which model you compare to -RRB- than the equivalent Suunto model . I ca n't see any reason to spend more for the Suunto instead of going with this one . You really do get more for less .
 I love the feature set of this watch , and all the features work as advertised . I 'm getting good signal on the atomic/radio update , the solar panel charges the battery , the compass and barometer works great . The watch is very solid , build quality appears to be excellent.There are only a couple of caveats that prevent this from getting a full 5 star rating . First , the watch is HUGE . You do n't really get a good impression of the size from the pictures , but it is REALLY big . It 's very light though , so weight is not a problem.Second , the color of the arm band ... it 's army green , something that 's not very clear from the pictures . I would have preferred a black band , but this is not that big a deal.Last , and this is very minor . . with such a large display I do n't understand why Casio decided not to display both the weekday name and the date at the same time . It either shows the day name -LRB- as FRI -RRB- or the date , and you have to press the big ADJ button to toggle between the two . Much smaller watches than this finds room for both.Overall , this is a cool watch that will satisfy geeks and gadget freaks as well as outdoorsy types .
 This watch is great . It has all the things you need and some you probably do n't to boot . What 's more , it 's solar so feel free to use the auto illumination and check the compass , barometer , altitude , temp. , every five minutes since it will not run down the battery . Now , if they will only make this watch but also have a dive computer ... of course it will then be as big as a quarterback 's play sleeve.I have always loved Casios and G-Shocks especially . I have owned two G-Shocks but as my last one is falling apart what else could I get but this Pathfinder ? This thing is huge ! It seems to be all face across the top of my wrist ; my old G-Shock 's body will fit in the face alone of this thing . It measures from edge to edge just under 2 '' , the face is 1 1/2 '' . The display is , of course , large and easily read , but because of the size there also seems to be a lot of empty space most of the time . As you use different functions these spaces fill up with digits , letters , symbols , etc. but when you are looking at time for most of the day , the left third of the face is just blank gray . This is my only complaint about the display but you can solve this by using the 24 hour format display . The numbers on a G-Shock are only 2/3 the size of these on the Pathfinder.The instruments are easy to use and fairly accurate . The temperature can be thrown off from your body heat so if you are outside and really need to know the temp. , take the watch off or look on a thermometer and see what the difference is so you can do some subtraction . Barometer , seems accurate since a storm has been approaching and I can see the fluctuation as it nears . Compass works great and also self-updates as you turn around in circles thinking how neat it si that they put a cool needle movement effect on it . Altimeter , the watch reads that it 's the same where I am at as the USGS website says . All settings can be changed between standard and metric and the barometer does millibars and hectopascals . Time can be either 12 or 24 hour formats and has easy three letter abbreviations , for either a major city or the actual time zone 's name as in the case for those over oceans , for all the world 's time zones.When I received it the battery was fully charged even though it has been in a box somewhere for who knows how long . The power display is easy to read ; it 's divided up into `` L '' , `` M '' , and `` H '' . You have full function when it is in `` H '' but as you start going down on power -LRB- which has yet to happen to me -RRB- it begins to lose some functions that drain it more in order to conserve power . Finally , when it is in `` L '' you only get time and then it starts blinking for a while to tell you to get it into light . If you do not then it shuts itself off when it goes completely dead . Ambient light seems to work just as well as direct sunlight at keeping it chargedThe auto set feature is great . I admit it is complicated to do and you will probably never remember how to do it without referencing the 100 + page instruction booklet . No worries , the first time you calibrate the watch to the atomic clock , simply set it for auto and it will take 6 readings per day at pre-set times so you will not have to go through the ritual again . They say you need to set the watch by a window to get it , but there is a signal meter for the atomic clock 's strength and sitting on my wrist in the middle of my house it is full . Think cell phones , the more bars the less you have to get nearer a window or to a high point . The only complaint about this feature I have is that I had to roll back the hour after the auto calibration for daylight savings time and one of the reasons I did not give this thing 5 stars . Of course in the subsequent auto calibrations it has stayed correct -LRB- i.e. not adding that extra hour I had to subtract -RRB- . The only other complaints I have about this watch in particular is the band . It is attractive and comfortable but not long enough . The end is constantly coming out of the retaining slip . If you have a small enough wrist then I guess it is not a problem but for me the strap end is constantly sticking out . Also , the wrist is too narrow for a watch this big . You really can not tell from the photos but the strap is not beefed-up and widened to be proportionate to this big of a watch . It is only 3/4 '' wide . It should be at least 1 '' wide . My G-Shocks never lost their bands so I am sure this one will hold up fine it is only aesthetics I am complaining about.My only other complaint about the Pathfinder , as a series and not this watch in particular , is why no titanium -LRB- Ti -RRB- watch ? You have one that has a Ti band but not backing or body . If you are going to make a watch out of titanium then make the whole watch out of it . I would have gladly paid more for that but I can not see paying extra for just the band over a resin one when they are still the same watch material , where it counts . I dive so I love titanium stuff and have certain watches dedicated to saltwater because I lost a G-Shock to corrosion even though I though I cleaned it completely after all my dives.I have never used the other features like the barometric tracking so that if you are a meterologist and know what the barometric trend means then you can predict when a storm will arrive . The programmable altitude alarm will come in handy the next time I 'm scaling Everest and wonder why I 'm passing out and my sherpas have died ... oh , ok ! I 've got altitude sickness . It also has two alarms , a stopwatch , and countdown timer . There are other programmable features but like I said , owner 's manual 100 + pages . You would think they could just put a readme.txt somewhere in the recesses of this things memory.If you camp , hike , hunt , or generally spend a lot of time outdoors , like me , this watch is great . It means you can save room , and weight on things you might have had to pack -LRB- like a compass and some sort of temp . gauge -RRB- and also get things you would never pack but now have -LRB- altimeter , barometer -RRB- . Plus the watch is self-setting so you will always have the correct time and never need another battery .
 This is the fourth Casio Pathfinder watch that I have owned , and I have loved them all . They are truly watches that do it all , and fairly well at that . The Pathfinders have gotten better over the years adding features like tide timetables for some models etc. , then `` Tough Solar '' solar power , and then Atomic Time . When I saw that they combined to GREAT features like solar power and atomic time in one Pathfinder watch , I had to get it . However , there are a couple disappointments . The band is cheaper than my older Pathfinders . I like the older ones that are more of a canvas weave type rather than the thin resin one of the new Pathfinder . It makes the watch a bit less `` chunky '' , but I like `` chunky '' watches . Also the layout on the face is n't as good , you can not read the day of the week and the date at the same time like on my old ones . Overall I still say it 's a great watch . If they make another ones with a different band and better face , I 'll buy that one too .
 This new Casio PathFinder is a much improved version with a sleeker look . The atomic time sync and the solar cell is a great improvement over the older models . It is much lighter in weight as well . Comes with a nice thick manual with detailed instructions . I live in San Francisco bay area and the atomic time checking works fine . The atomic time checking uses sync from a atomic clock that uses cesium atoms that are agitated using a microwave frequency to create a very precise pendulum . There are atomic transmitters in US -LRB- Colarado -RRB- , Europe and Japan . It supports different world time zones as well .
 My G-Shock of 10 years finnally gave up the ghost about a month ago so I set out to purchase another one . After researching I started leaning more towards the ` Pathfinder ' series of watches from Casio . I decided on the Pathfinder Men 's Atomic Solar watch #PAW 12003V because of function then looks.This watch has about as much as you can put into one watch . Get GPS and a heart monitor on this thing and it becomes the greatest watch ever made.This watch is HUGE which I was very pleasant surprised , I have a thing for enormous watches . I like them absurdly large and guady , this one fits the bill perfectly . It is larger than the picture lets on.My only complaint is the thermometer is essentially worthless since it is greatly affected by your body heat . So to get an accurate reading on the thermometer you have to remove the watch and let it acclimatize for about 20 minutes . You can see how impractical this is for a wristwatch . The altimeter , Compass , and Barometer are simple to use and calibrate if you need to . The atomic time keeping and solar cell are just a fantastic asset for an outdoorsmans watch.Most everything else was covered already , but for me I love hunting , hiking , camping , and MTN biking and this watch is perfect for me -LRB- I 'm going to be honest the thermometer bothers me , I wish it worked better -RRB- . I would recommend this watch , any man should love it , it has too many toys not to .
 Short and sweet ... Love the price ... the quick shipping.Had the Pahtfinder for 2 months now . . Still finding new things it does.This is the best piece of equipment I have ever strapped on my wrist !
 One of the interesting things about the design of this watch is that the various features are n't crowded or difficult to access . All readings are direct and clear . If one has a clear understanding of barometric pressure the chart the watch displays can be used as an indicator for local conditions . For those in highly variable and potentially unpredicateable weather environments this feature alone could be very helpful providing clues independent of media announcements.Hopefully , one day the reliability and accuracy of professional weather stations will be available in such a format as this watch -- until then however this watch , in my view , can help provide reliable clues/hints to move to shelter when other information is not easily available.Although Casio , in it 's manual , states that the watche 's features are not at the level of professional and dedicated tools which do single tasks -- I can only state that if one is careful regarding the facts of one 's environment and otherwise knowledgeable regarding cross-checking what the various features of this watch report then one could be pleasantly surprised , as I have been , regarding how well the watche 's functions report the facts of one 's environment.For those who travel , the fact that the watch can pick up radio signals across the planet and keep time in the city of one 's choice while setting up and maintaining an alarm there as well as where-ever city one is located at the moment can interest those who require accuracy .
 I actually enjoy my Sea Pathfinder more . However , this seems to be the land version and I enjoyed the altimeter as I hiked through Volcano National Park . Nothing beats the Atomic Solar watch .
 When I ordered the watch , the picture was practically black and white , and there was no mention of the drab green colored band . I was expecting a black or gray band . I looks fine , is good for treking out into the woods , but you might not want to wear it as often because of the color . I have not yet learned all of the features of the watch , but it seems to be easy , though not intuitive . You 'll have to read the instructions .
 I 've purchased this watch in december of 07 , and the only complaint I have with the watch is the color . I like green but the whole watch is almost green , I went and bought a black band just to break up the color . The compass on this watch is easy to set and when compared with my field compass , it is spot on . Temperature readings are accurate , as long as you account for your body heat . The altimeter is not really accurate , but I do n't climb anything anyway so it does n't matter . The solar power on this watch is nice , you never have to worry about a battery . When I got my watch , I just left it in the sun for a day and it continues to have a high charge . The size of this watch is big , but I do n't care , it does n't bother me . If you want a nice outdoor do it all watch , I suggest you buy this one or any of the pathfinder watches .
 I 've had this watch since Christmas . Besides being a little big , it has been very nice . I wear it everywhere . I especially love the atomic time keeping and the tough solar function . The thermometer and compass function also come in handy a lot since I do much travelling . Highly recommend this watch .
 the service was excellent the watch is good but the instruction and everything is kinda hard to undertand but overall product is excellent i just need time to calibrate and understand the guide book
 I bought this for my husband to use in Afghanistan . It is has everything he needs , plus it does n't have any metal so it does n't reflect light .
 I purchased this watch from amazon to give it as a fathers day gift to my father!He liked it so much ! The watch is simple yet elegant!It is lightweight . At the very first look itself I liked it so much.One of the best in it 's kind !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I had been ` eyeing ' this tent for quite some time . I finally decided to purchase it in early August . I just got done with a week of camping at Lost Lake in Hood River , Oregon . The tent was well packaged in its carry bag , the instructions were very easy to follow , and the tent was up in about 30 minutes . I think that is pretty good considering it was the first time I had set it up . Columbia 's Customer Service was great ; I phoned them regarding seam sealer and they recommended a brand and that I seal it as soon as possible . The GoBe Dry System seems very effective , though I must admit we had no rain during our trip . I can testify to the Cyclone Venting System however , it worked wonderfully ! The tent stayed a consistent cool temperature during the hot day , and retained a lot of heat at night , it was very comfortable . Columbia 's patented bay windows were a nice touch and added a bit of privacy . The remote control light and remote needs batteries which are common to most stores . The light has 3 places that it can be affixed with velcro , 2 inside on the top and one outside by the front door . While the light was not too bright , it was definitely effective in providing enough to get around inside the tent . The gear loft is ideal for wet swimming suits , and the cup holders were very convenient . If there were any drawback to this tent I would say it was the positioning of the doors . You can only enter and exit out of one half of the tent ; the side with the bay windows has no door so if you have children or guests staying in the rear half they would have to open into the front half of the tent and then open the door to get out . I would find it more appropriate to have a door for each half of the tent . The tent suited my needs however . I would definitely recommend purchasing this tent , you most certainly get what you pay for . The limited lifetime warranty that Columbia offers is nice , covering things such as faulty seams and zippers . If you get an opportunity to own this tent , leave the rainfly off and gaze out at the stars , the view is magnificent !
 Brought the tent on a family week long trip . Great tent for a family . 3 people and 2 labs . I like the design for air flow . The tent had plenty of room . The construction is sound . Once you practice setting it up , it is easy to accomplish . I have set it up myself . I do not recommend that in the wind ! The first couple of times the ceiling supports are difficult to get into the seats . Take your time . The tub tarp is great no rain in the tent . The extra cup holders , etc. are silly . I would like an electronic port . The doors are great for getting in and out , however at times the zipper gets stuck between the change in zipper covers . The rain fly is easy to setup ! The bag is great with the overstuff feature . I have had a lot of tents . I used to run an overnight travel camp . This tent works well for a family with great construction for a good price .
 Everything we expected . Easy to set up , roomy and plenty of head room . Zippers worked fine . Got the tent back into the carrying case , but could n't get the poles back into the case . Still , love this product .
 This was our first tent purchase and we read reviews on every tent for months before deciding to purchase this one . We are very pleased with it . The tent is quite roomy -LRB- we purchased it for 2 people -RRB- and we find the divider useful - separating the sleeping area from the rest of the tent . It is also tall enough so you can walk around without stooping . We also purchased a queen-sized inflatable mattress which fits perfectly in the ` bedroom ' area with room to spare . In the other part of the tent , we set up a table and chairs and our supplies . I recommend using a door mat to avoid tracking dirt into the tent ; since the bottom of the divider is elevated - it is harder to sweep out the bedroom area.This tent is very easy to set up and tear down - though it takes a bit of planning to get everything to fit back in the case . Of course , I can never fold a map back properly either ! Not a reflection on the tent itself - but the accessories provided with it smell like they survived a warehouse fire -LRB- quite pungent -RRB- so we are trying to air them out - unsuccessfully so far.The tent is very heavy so thankfully it comes in its own case with rollers . We are going to use this tent to camp out at a couple of NASCAR races , another first time experience for us . I think it will be perfect for that .
 I have not used this item but plan to when the weather warms up . I gave it 5 stars because it was an extremely quick shipped item . After using , I will review it in full then.We have used it several times and it is very spacious ! We are a family of four including two teenage kids and there is plenty of room . I like to sleep on a queen blowup mattress with my daughter on one side and my husband sleeps on a cot with my son in his sleeping bag on the floor -LRB- he now got a cot but has n't used it -RRB- on the other side.It does take some time to put it up and you need at least two people . All the items were not able to fit back where they came from despite the way they were folded and placed .
 We purchased this tent for a 10 day camping event in Mississippi . We belong to a historical recreation group so our supplies and garb are bulky and require much more space than traditional camping gear . We researched , staked out sizes in the yard to be sure it would meed out needs - all the things you should do before you purchase . When this tent arrived we found it to far exceed our expectations . It 's beautiful . It 's roomy . We loved the room partition and put a queen-sized bed in the bedroom area . We were able to put all our camping supplies -LRB- and a 4 ft table -RRB- in the entry room and have plenty of room to dress . My husband and I are both tall and found the headroom to be excellent . Our daughter usually uses a separate tent , but for short events she could easily join us in this tent and save setting up the extra tent.Putting 6-8 people in this tent with the bulky clothing and supplies we carry is unreasonable , but for 2-3 with all the supplies , it is excellent !
 We purchased this tent in 2004 because of the front room . The kids call it `` THE CONDO '' . We use it everywhere we go , beach , forest , mountain . The materials used are top quality.My only complaint is that with such a high ceiling , you need a heater in order to keep the tent warm for the kids . We use it from May to October and since we camp mostly in the Northeast that means 40-50 deg F at night.Just need to think about it if you want to extend your season.Great purchase , we just love it .
 One person can set up and take down the tent in a few hours . The instructions are in fluent English . Trial and error will raise the tent . Rage was not induced.Identification of parts could be more explicit in the instructions . For example `` small poles '' is relative . The smallest poles are the bay window poles . Color strip id on some of the poles is very helpful.The rain fly is the most confusing part . The rainfly `` Columbia '' tag should go above what is called the front window.It would take 6 people to get it back into the nifty carrying case with wheels.Too bad mosquito repellant is n't built into the fabric.It 's a big , good looking , seemingly sturdy tent . Hopefully it can withstand wind and rain since it might need to . The tie downs and stakes are impressive .
 THe tent was perfect for our family with 2 kids . Easy to set up . It hold steady on a pretty stormy day with lots of rain.The one downside was that after 1/2 an hour of raining , drops of rain started to come in the tent via the door zippers in the lower corners.Besides that a great tent , but a tent should not leak at all in my opinion .
 After reading all the reviews , we purchased this tent . I put it up by myself -LRB- female , 5 ' 4 '' -RRB- in our yard . It took awhile the first time , but after I figured it out , can set the whole thing up in less than 20 minutes ... . with help it takes 10 . It rained extensively during the `` yard trial '' and very little water got in , and that was due to my staking errors . I learned quickly that the rainflats and bay windows had to be staked tightly.When we actually took it on a trip we were able to get 3 queensize air mattresses in easily and there was plenty of room for the whole family with space to store extra gear . Venilation was excellent and the whole family including the dogs slept like babies.I have a two person , high end Sierra backpacking tent . I am used to ease and quality . While backpacking and family car camping are two different worlds ... I can say that I appreciated and enjoyed this tent as much -LRB- and in some ways better -RRB- than my small tent . I 'm just amazed at the change in technology in tents over the past 20 years . For the price this ca n't be beat !
 Hits - Spacious , good ventilation , lots of storage space , sleeps 6 ~ 7 comfortably , carry bag big enough to pack tent easily , remote controlled light was a nice addition and so were the cup holders and pocketsMisses - need 2 hands to open and close zipper otherwise it gets stuck - could use a bigger fly , noticed some dampness after rainfallThe carry bag wheel and zipper broke after my 1st camping trip - call customer support and a replacement is being sent - no hassle , good customer support.Overall commentNice tent ! Durability - we 'll see after a few more trips
 I 've used this tent with my husband and three girls for two summers now . We love this tent . Both my husband an I can put this tent up all by ourselves why the other person watches the kids . This tent even held up against 50 to 60 mile an hour winds . I thought it was a goner , but low and behold after the storm was over I checked everthing out and only had to tighten a few guide ropes . This tent is more expensive than the tents you 'll find at Target , Sam 's Club , and Costco , but it is well worth the money -LRB- steel poles , great tote bag with wheels , and heavy duty tent stakes -RRB- .
 This cabin dome type tent will sure be the envy of the campsite ! Its huge and durable and it even sleeps up to 8 people ! You can store your stuff in here and it separates into two separate rooms so changing is n't difficult ! Its venting system will provide fresh air throughout the whole cabin day and night , so stuffiness is out of the question . This cabin is comfortable and a great buy . It 'll serve you well and it 's a great thing to have out in the wilderness ! It wont let you down ! I recommend this to all of you nature lovers and campers out there !
 My mother is Karen M and she was right about how easy this tent was to set up . We finally got to put it to some use and with my 9 year old son helping me put it up it only took 20 minutes . We could n't be happier with this tent . We had beautiful weather so I ca n't speak about rain yet but I will be sure to write a new review once we try it in the rain . As for right now all I can say is THANK YOU MOM !!!!!!!!!
 Perfect tent for the larger family . Well made , all accessories are high grade - nothing cheesy about this tent . Only thing to remember during inital setup is that the `` roof poles '' are the thinner fiberglass poles - once you get past figuring this step out , its a breeze . I had it set up in less than twenty minutes out of the box and thats with a curious 4 and 2 year old under my feet . Probably could set it in about 15 minutes now that I have done it once . Its huge , well made , has excellent venting , and has a high ceiling for us tall guys -LRB- I am 6 ' -3 '' and never came close to touching the ceiling . -RRB- Nice product .
 I purchased this tent as we now take many trips to the lake throughout the summer ! It is great ! It is divided in half and seperated by a zipped divider . The one end is a screened area and can be accessed on both sides . The other end has 2 bay windows and a larger window . This tent can easily sleep 8 . There is just 4 of us -LRB- 2 adults , 2 kids -RRB- , so we lay 2 inflated queen size mattress on the sleeping side -LRB- side by side -RRB- and put a table , our clothes , food -LRB- no bears at this lake -RRB- , etc on the screened side . No ants have been able to get in.I also like the fact that you have to go thru the screened end of the tent before the sleeping part . Reduces the chances of bugs getting into the sleeping end . We only had 1 flying bug on the sleeping side in the 4 days we were camping.The tent was very easy to put together - literally took less than 10 mins -LRB- after the first time -RRB- . The poles have colored coded dots on them - just match the colors and wah lah - tent is up . The rain fly is also easy to put on . The inner `` floor '' is very strong . No rock or jagged punctures to tent floor.Great craftsman ship ! Great product!I definately recommend this tent . This is the 2004 model , there is a 2005 model but I do n't think Amazon sells it .
 Just returned from a week long camping trip with my family -LRB- 2 adults - 2 kids -RRB- and I must say that this tent was great . I spent a long time analyzing tents from all manufacturers - trying to find the best of comfort , quality and size . I bought -LRB- and returned -RRB- 2 similarly sized but cheaper Coleman brand tents and was very disappointed with the quality when I set them up in my backyard . Cheap feeling material and broken-out-of-the box poles and zippers caused me to re-evaluate . It comes down to - you get what you pay for . This Columbia tent lived up to all of its great reviews ! Materials on this tent feel more rugged that the Coleman brand . In 4 very strong thunderstorms , only 1 resulted in any water within - amounting to just a teaspoon of water during the entire night . It came in through a seam where the label was sewn on . This was trivial to me - some seam sealer will resolve this . Oh , and during at least 2 of the storms , I was able to have most of the windows cracked open for air flow and the dormer windows almost completely open -LRB- because of their angle -RRB- The tent is very easy to set up and VERY easy to fold and get back into the bag ! Zippers feel solid and I like the many places to `` hang things '' from the inside.Highly recommended .
 I bought this tent after looking around for awhile . This tent had the some of the best reviews of any tent I could find online . I was lucky enough to see one set up as a display at Bass Pro Shops , and after reading the reviews and seeing one in person , I bought this tent . We just had our first child , and this tent has more than enough room for all our gear , a play pen and all of my sons gear too.I did not have time to apply seam sealer before we left for our first camping trip in this , and I was lucky enough that it did n't rain , until our last day . It sprinkled for 30 minutes , then poured for 30 minutes , and not one drop got inside this tent.My last tent was only tall enough to stand up in the middle , this tent is tall enough to stand up anywhere inside . And that was extremely nice !!! I set it up by myself when it arrived -LRB- could n't wait for my wife -RRB- . It took me about 45 minutes and I was just taking my time . When we went camping , it only took about 15 minutes in the dark . It goes together easily , and comes down easily.The only bad thing I would say about this tent is as some other reviewers said about the zipper around the door , it is easy to get the fabric covering the zipper in the zipper . Kinda frustrating at 3 in the morning when you got ta go ! It just took a few times to learn to hold the fabric back as you zip , problem solved . Also the zippers have large pulls on them which makes it easy to grab and open/close as needed.The gear loft is very nice as we had magnetic fans that we attatched to it and it held the weight of them fine . Also the storage bag is nice , you know how you cant ever quite get something packed the way it came out when it was new , not a problem here , the bag unzips around the bottom to expand . I am leaving it expanded to accomodate some extras I bring along . Also it is on wheels , so I just rolled it right out of the back end of my vehicle and straight to our site.And it came with `` real '' tent stakes , not those cheap coat hanger ones that bend easily.UPDATE -LRB- 09/14/2007 -RRB- -- after having used this tent for almost 2 years now , I can say it is as good as when we bought it . I never have sealed the seams , and it has seen its share of rain , and has not leaked AT ALL . After seting it up around 15 times it still looks new , no tears or rips anywhere . A few of the shock-corded poles you can tell the shock cord was getting stretched out , so using a wire , I pulled it out from the end of the pole , tied a knot about 4 inches down and cut the excess off , now they are as tight as new . I am looking forward to having this tent for years to come .
 We recently purchased this tent and have been enjoying it . It is a nice solid tent . The fabric feels substantial and durable to the touch . Even the screens feel durable . The zippers are smooth and the flaps all close without leaving gaps at the corners . The bottom feels tough also . We still put a tarp under it but that is just to be sure ... Set up is n't too bad . Took about 40 minutes the first time and has been taking about 15-20 on subsequent tries . Take-down takes about 20 min also . The carying bag is excellent . We pack out tent tightly and even have room for our under-tent tarp in the bag . The tent stakes are solid also . The tie-backs for the window flaps inside are convienently located and do a good job of keeping the rolled flaps out of the way . The inside accessories are ok . We have n't used the cupholders , do n't know if we ever will . The shelf is small but would hold a few small things . The sewed-in storage bags are nice though . Convenient for wallets , flashlights ... . The light inside is a light , what more can you say . Take note , the light reomte takes an unusual battery , like a camera battery so buy one before you go or you might not find it in the wild . If you do n't install the rainfly the view of the sky is really good . The ventilation with the windows open is good , of course about 80 % of this tent is window , but the flaps do well at providing privacy when desired . Keep in mind , even though there is 150 sq. ft. of floor , the dividev is there so you probably wo n't get a king size airmattress in here . It will sleep 4 large cots well though , 2 on each side.In closing , we have no regrets about buying this tent . It appears that , as I have said in other reviews , you get what you pay for .
 This tent was referred to as the ` condo ' on our recent camping trip . Even though we were set up next to motor homes our tent held its own with its great size and look . The tent was easy to set up once we quit looking at the poorly written instructions . Lots of nice storage inside . We were in pooring rain for 6 days and once we figured out we had the rainfly on backwards we stayed completely dry . The tent was so easy to take down and store in its own bag .
 This is a big tent ! Read the setup directions carefully , and setup is a breeze for 2 people in 15-20 minutes . Make sure you open the windows when you take it down to ease the air flow out as you roll it up.Poles are color coded for easy setup , but the stickers may come off , so maybe nailpolish dots would work.Quality workmanship is everywhere in this tent.Fantastic venting system for good airflow . The pop-out windows are incredible ! They provide great ventilation on a rainy day and they look sooooo cool!The loft is great , as are the cupholders . Not sure about the hanging shelf . It hangs in an akward place and does n't work well for us , but might for others.Windows and doors roll up nicely and hook up w / great toggles that are `` just right '' . The screens on the roof are great for venting and stargazing.The carrybag is wonderful , with zip pockets for stakes and directions attatched to the inside . The wheels rolled very well at every location we were at , and help with moving this tent.The fly is not like those on a backpacking tent , but it should suffice in normal camping conditions.This is a great tent for families and those of us who are tired of rolling out of bed on a damp morning . Cots fit nicely in the bedroom area . Being able to stand up and stretch or have coffee inside is great for those of us who have moved to car camping.All in all , a great tent for the money .
 So far so good , we had one day of nothing but rain and the tent only leaked minimally at the seams where the stake loops are sewn on . I am very pleased with the spaciousness and wind blocking capabilities of this tent . I will never buy a tent without a seperate rainfly again , I love it ! The double doors also came in handy . The bay windows are great because you can still have ventilation in wet weather without getting the inside of the tent soaked . The gear hammock was a good place to put things up from my toddler and the shelf was nice to keep certain lightweight things up off the floor and possible moisture .
 My husband and I bought this tent as we decided we were getting too old to be crawling into our dome tent . It was very easy to put up and took us less than a half an hour . It took about the same to take it down . We both thought it was easier than the dome tent . And it was so nice to be able to stand up . We use the second room to set up a little table and few chairs and our `` stuff '' . The second room is great for those days you are rained in playing cards or visiting with friends . We are looking forward to enjoying it more and more . I highly recommend it .
 Just received the tent last week , and took it for a test drive this weekend in the back yard.Folks , I will tell you that all you 've read about the directions being obscure is true . The roof `` trusses '' are the most confusing part ... I tried to put the bay window poles in as the `` short '' roof poles -LRB- heck , how was I to know the difference ? -RRB- , and worried and fretted over it before finally seeing that there were other short poles available . And it took me a while to figure out what `` sleeves '' on the roof were to hold which poles.I put it up by myself ; it 's not impossible , and next time it 'll go much more smoothly . Once I had the roof together , the side poles and rain fly were no problem . There 's tons of clever ingenuity and engineering that went into this monster . It 's supposed to sleep 8 , but I 'm afraid 8 would redefine `` family togetherness . '' Two adults , four kids sounds more reasonable , and a family of four would have space galore.So , when my wife came home and saw it in the yard , she said , `` I see the circus is in town . '' The high ceiling is a definite plus . And I was also intrigued with the cyclone venting ... I could feel air moving in the tent even with no breeze.Oh , yeah ... I did break one of the skinny bay window poles on my first setup . One phone call took care of that , at no charge . How 's that for service?I think this one 's a winner . A more accurate rating would be 4 1/2 , because of the goofy instuctions , but it tilts more toward a 5 than a 4 . Hence , my rating .
 This tent is great and was a better than great value -LRB- bought at reduced price -RRB- . The first time setup took a bit to master , but after that , it goes up easily , although it is a two person setup , at least for us . The tent has been used once on a trip and worked flawlessly . Setup was in rather rocky ground but the stakes had absolutely no problem penetrating and holding . This tent is well made and has good ventilation when needed and seals up pretty tight , as far as tents go , when less air flow in wanted . It will more than stand up to a stiff wind , but we have n't used it yet in a rain , so ca n't comment on that yet . The one time we used it , at a hunting camp with other tenters , there were winds with gusts up to 40 miles per hour during one evening and night . The other two tents in the `` tent city '' with us had problems -LRB- one collapsed and had to be `` re-setup '' with a great deal of additional tie-offs and bracing and the other had to have the rainfly removed to allow for the wind to flow through -RRB- , but this tent required absolutely no extra bracing or modifications to make it through the wind storm . It was warm enough that we left the windows on the windward and lee sides open to allow for some flow through , but I believe it would have been fine even if we 'd closed them all . Tent is nice size , but it would be rather crowded with 6-8 persons . We had three people on oversized cots in the tent and had plenty of room . We bought it to use with our family of four and with the amount of space left with the three oversize cots in it , it will be more than adequate when we have all four people on oversized cots in the tent . We spent a great deal of time researching a new tent purchase prior to buying this one and could n't be more pleased with our purchase .
 For the price it ca n't be beat - an especially great value with Amazon Prime shipping -LRB- it 's a heavy tent -RRB- . I also called the manufacturer 's customer service to order a second remote light -LRB- nice feature -RRB- . The customer service was great . I 've owned a lot of tents but this is the first 6-8 person tent that can really sleep 8 reasonably . Among the nice extras are the shelves , remote light , and ventilation features . A well thought out design and pole configuration - the height inside the tent is amazing . The tent comes with solid metal tent stakes -LRB- not the plastic cheapies -RRB- and a wheeled storage case that actually expands so that you do n't have to tug and shove to make it fit . The large windows and doors are great . The only improvement I would want is to add a door in the back half . My tent also had a small discolored area on a piece of the light-colored fabric - apparently from contact with the red - does n't affect its functionality at all . This tent was featured on the cover of a national outdoor magazine recently with favorable reviews .
 I set up the tent once at home before we left and I labeled the poles so the tent sets up very fast and easy . The two rooms are great
 Love this tent excellent quality !! Pouring rain no problems ! Read all directions prior to set up . I did return this tent just because of door placements & Columbia makes one larger that had the door set up we needed . Both doors are in the front room so you have to unzip & go into front room to get out of tent & kids had to walk over my bed to get out of tent . I do n't care for the light colored floor but my new one is the same color lol ! Great quality tents . Love them . Set up is not hard directions a lil confusing .
 Easy close zippers with no snags . Very roomy . Lots of nice features . We loved this tent and would highly recommend it
 Just went camping with two small kids . The tent layout is great , neat to have a sleeping space separate , we set up the front room almost as a front porch.Only complaint is the lame directions on putting the tent up , and the fact that there was no sleeve -LRB- despite directions that there was -RRB- to put the fly pole into.But the fly worked fine , and we figured it all out , so no bad no foul . Just a great tent .
 I purchased this tent for my daughter and her family . They had a tent that was much smaller and you could not stand up in it . To my knowledge they have not used it yet , but my daughter immediately set it up in my living room by herself on Christmas Day . She obviously could not stake the corners , but still had no problem.Once the tent was set up we went inside , there was plenty of room , and plenty of head room even for someone over 6 feet tall . There were some very nice extras . I think the tent was a good value for the price . Of course once they have the opportunity to use the tent in a camping situation , possibly with rain , then we would have better knowledge of it 's performance.As far as setting up , room , privacy and extras they were very pleased with the purchase.This was my first Amazon.com purchase . I was very impressed with the ease of purchasing a product through Amazon.com , -LSB- ... -RSB- . I would definately shop through Amazon in the future .
 We were the proud owners of this wonderful tent for the last 4 years . Just last week , both door zippers finally gave out , we broke too many poles -LRB- duct tape can only do so much ! -RRB- and it finally started to develop leaks during the last rainstorm . Overall , we were very pleased with it . We used this tent approx . 10-12 days each year . Going to purchase the newer version of the same tent from Amazon !
 After reading the reviews , I was very encouraged that we had chosen a good tent for us . Upon receipt of the tent -LRB- which we received within a couple days of our order , which I was very impressed by -RRB- , I was able to set up the tent in a half-hour by myself , using the directions that were sewn into the carrying bag . The steps were very logical and easy to follow . We are looking forward to using this tent for years to come .
 The tent , so far , appears to be very good quality and appearance . The instructions could be a lot better , with better illustrations of how the poles locate on the tent .
 In 4 words
 I bought this for my camping son and wife and they adored it . They can take both of their dogs without getting their own space dirty !!!
 I purchased the Cougar Flats tent after reading many reviews and I am very pleased to say the least . I love the two room cabin feature , and let me emphasize CABIN . It accommodates two families and secures privacy . It is designed for warmer climates with it 's ventilation at it 's maximum throughout the entire tent . I searched far and wide for a tent that could allow my 6 ' 4 '' husband to be able to stand up in . I am a massage therapist and found myself working on him after our camping weekends with the height challenged tents that we have owned in the past . I am happy to say , that not only can he stand in the middle ... but he can walk throughout the entire tent with head clearance.As for the waterproof end of it , it has survived torrential downpours with slight drip around window ... we realized that we had the rainfly on wrong and we had not applied the sealer/weatherproofing yet . It also made it through very strong winds , unlike another tent that I had purchased for my sister and we were on the beach in front of theirs . Our tent is known as the tent-o-minium every where we go . Love this tent ! Would highly recommend purchasing this tent .
 We bought this last summer for our first family -LRB- 3 little boys -RRB- camping trip . It was 100 degrees that weekend , so we minimized our time in the tent . However , this thing is huge ! It has ample headroom . The fully-separated rooms are very handy for coping with little kids . My favorite feature is all of the gigantic windows . It almost seems like the whole thing can become a mesh tent.Also , the footprint for this seemed a little less obscene than some of the other family-sized tents . It 's super heavy , so it 's not for backpackers ! However , the case has rollers , so it 's easy to get from car to site . Like any tent , it 's a bit tricky to get back in the bag , but the bag also has an `` expanding '' zippered section that can increase the bag size for less-adept packers .
 After careful review of different tents of similar sizes , I settled on the Cougar Flats and am impressed by it 's roominess . This tent has been nicknamed `` the condo '' and the moniker is n't too far off.The first time I set the tent up , I set it up alone and it took about 45 minutes to an hour . I 'm sure the next time will take less than that , and I 'll probably have a friend helping.After setting up the tent , I weather proofed it - it took two cans , then sealed the seams . I slept in the tent that night and it was very comfortable and I look forward to using it during my next camping trip.I highly recommend double or tripling the seam sealer around the zippers for the doors to the outside of the tent . This was the only area where water was able to get in -LRB- this , after being set up for three weeks , and two straight days of a deluge -RRB- . All in all , I sopped up , maybe , a cup and a half of accumulated water.This tent is everything I expected and look forward to it being my last tent .
 We bought this tent a year ago and used it for the whole summer , probably 6-8 times . It is sooooo easy to set up , one person can easily do it alone . The wheeled bag it comes in is very handy . One tip
 Bought this tent for family camping after looking at many different tents and reviews . It more than fits the bill . As with any tent , you should do a trial set-up prior to camping . Found it was n't too confusing . All the poles were color coded making it relatively easy . Set it up for the first time with my 8 year old daughter in a half an hour . We did n't have trouble with any poles being too tight but if there is a problem the inserts attached to the tent can be adjusted.The tent has plenty of room allowing a queen matress to fit in any direction . You can also stand anywhere in the tent . The divider is great , as it can be partial or full . Ventilation is the best I 've ever seen making this tent very comfortable . The lower control vents really work well in all conditions . The pop out style windows are a great idea . Cooler in the sun -LRB- the sun does n't shine directly in -RRB- and dry in the rain.The overall quality of this tent is great . Factory sealed seams , good quality materials and nice zippers . At the reduced price , it definitely ca n't be beat.The only drawback that I could see was that there could be a little more rain fly over the door . This definitely would n't be enough of an issue to keep me from buying this tent again .
 The reviews posted really helped greatly with my decision to purchase this tent and I must agree that this really seems like a great tent , I have not yet had the opportunity to see how it holds up in wet weather but I will let you know how it holds up when I do . It really is very spacious and set-up is rather self explanatory , the only problem I had was with the zippers on the entrances , as mentioned in other reviews as well , they tend to hook at the point where it crosses from inside to outside . Other than that , everything positive mentioned in other reviews about this tent I have to agree with.I have only used it once so far but I plan to do a lot more camping this year and will keep you updated.The only downside to purchasing this tent on Amazon was the wait for delivery , I chose the FREE Super Saver Shipping and it took almost a whole month before I received it.Used this tent on another two camps in 2006 and I am still as happy as ever with it . We got caught in a storm with it and it held up well , no water leakages . -LRB- I must add that I got quite few compliments on the tent as well from fellow campers , they liked the look -RRB- One thing that I must add as well is that with the ventilation being great due to the screened roof , it can get a bit colder at night in the tent even with the rain-fly on . My previous tent was totally air tight and was a lot warmer at night but at a price though , lots of condensation .
 First off I would like to thank all the reviewers of this tent on this site ... their reviews convinced me to buy this tent over others . What a GREAT choice ! Set the tent up in the backyard to try it out . Instructions were actually pretty good once you figure out where the roof/middle poles go ... that was the only part of the instructions that slowed me down ... the rest were spot on . This tent is HUGE , spacious and pretty cool looking . Ventilation is awesome , no leak check as of yet so no comments there . Back to the setup , I did notice that before you start clamp everything down -LRB- stakes and such -RRB- you need to tug on the pole you are at to kinda tighten it up . . seems the poles move in during setup and this looks like it would cause the other reviewers problems of notso tight in one area but super tight in another . My tent went up evenly taut all around with no problems using this technique . I really like the way the tent is designed with half being a screen/entry room and the other half designed to be a sleeping area . It 's very nice to be able to zip up the screen room divider -LRB- can zip up cover on the divider for privacy if needed -RRB- this keeps the bugs out of the sleeping area while going in and out of the tent . Obviously the front/screen room area can be a sleeping area too . Zipping the covers up on the room divider is like moving into another tent . They are that quality ! I 'll admit I 've never owned a tent this large and it currently has me a little awestruck , however this tent is perfect for me the wife and our 5 kids . . plenty of room and space to manuever . If you are looking for a quality large tent then I do n't think this one can be beat for the price . . I 'd recommend this for any family the size of mine or smaller . Thanks again to all the reviewers , I 'm really happy with this tent.UPDATED NOTE
 I 'm a weekend camper . I was in the market for a family dome tent . Did some research and bought the `` cougar flats '' . I also purchased an under floor protector tarp . The first setup took some extra time , mostly because my prior tent was a really old small canvas style . I can set this tent up by myself in 10 minutes now . On the last night of camping we had high winds and 4 '' of rain in 6 hrs . We did have a couple of small rain leaks down at a lower seam that were of no significance to us . Surprisingly we were able to keep the cross flow circulation widows open during the rain ! The tent stood up to the wind no problem . We really like the build quality and room this tent has to offer and love camping even more now . It comes with a few extras including a carrying case . Its not a back packing style of tent .
 10 foot by 15 foot is a huge amount of space . Pace it out . It barely fits on the lawn in our large backyard . I 'm worried that it wo n't fit in the standard campsite ... Roller bag is cool but the whole package is very heavy . Came out of the bag okay but right away I could see that there was some color transfer and a couple pin size holes in the tent wall.Set-up was a sweaty nightmare . Two kinds of poles in four sizes ... Do the top first with the smaller black bungy poles slid into the red sleeves . Bigger bungy poles go into the black sleeves . Bend them to arch the tent and slot them into the three cornered hubs . Now before you put the side poles in ... do you think you are going to need the rainfly ? Put it on before you raise the tent 9 feet off the ground ... All the instructions and many of the reviews warn of the serious need to water seal the seams ... Today I did the windows , the floor and tomorrow I 'll do the fly and the horizontal seams ... only 18 or so to go ... So final review
 This is a great tent . I was lucky to be able to view the actual tent on Amazon . It was nice to see the size in the rooms . This tent took us only 1/2 to set up the first time . Once you know where the roof poles go it is a breeze . All the other pole are color coordinated . I know it will take less time to set up when I go camping this summer . I recommend this tent to anyone who wants a large place to hang out and a large room to sleep in .
 This was our first purchase of a tent . We read the reviews and decided that this would be a great tent ! We did find it pretty easy to put up . My husband and I had `` practiced '' putting up the tent in the backyard like other reviewers had suggested . That helped . We had our king sized air bed on one side of the tent , and there was still room for some gear , and a 3 year old in a sleeping bag.The other side of the tent provided sleeping space for 3 more campers , plus there would have been room for 1-2 more kids . Although we would n't suggest that.The 2 things I did n't like about this tent was 1 -RRB- The doors are only one one side of the tent . So since our `` room '' was not in where the doors were , it proved difficult to not wake , nor step on anyone when needing to exit tent in the middle of the night .2 -RRB- I seemed to have the bay window poles not in enough . They kept moving up and in.Overall , for our first camping experience and needing room and being able to stand upright when inside , this tent was what we were looking for . I will be contacting Columbia about the windows .
 I LOVE THIS TENT it is dry cool and comfertable even in rain the screen room is great and i have a camper and i purfure the tent more then the camper . bottom line a great tent
 I am very happy with this tent . It is roomy with enough hight for an adult to stand up , and its ventillation helps maintain decent temperature even in extremely hot days .
 OK , we bought this tent in preparation for a scuba diving camping trip . I am not a camper , and did n't know what to expect . When it arrived , we put the tent up in the back yard . I must be honest , the instructions are n't great , and I made a couple of sequencing mistakes the first time . But because of this dry run through , the assembly on the trip was a breeze . 15 minutes from start to complete , including the rain cover and all stakes . Inside , this thing is huge -LRB- for a tent I guess -RRB- . There are 2 separate rooms , and we put a queen size air matress on 1 side , and all our scuba gear on the other . Plenty of room . On the second day , we had rain . The tent stayed perfectly dry on the inside . No leaks . We just got home , and its in the backyard drying . The only challenge I foresee is trying to get this big tent back into the bag -LRB- which , by the way , has a hard bottom , wheels on 1 end and plenty of handles -RRB- .
 Me and my friends love to campout . But my tent only fits 2 people , so i want to get a bigger one . I saw this tent and i thought it was great .
 This tent was just what I wanted , easy to set up after you do it once . I recommend setting it up once when you first get it , so that when you need to use it , it will set up in a jiffy .
 I have been through many , many tents over the years & this one is just absolutely amazing . With two queen air mattresses in it , there was more than enough room to walk around both beds with out having to hunch over . This is the best tent out there ! *****
 We have been tent camping for twenty years . This is a fantastic tent . I counted around 80 panels that were sewn together to construct this tent , not counting the fly and floor panels . There are over a dozen zippers , about 13 poles that are color coded for easy assembly . The poles are all fitted with elastic so they assemble effortlessly . It is amazing how well thought out and elaborate the construction is . I would give it 8 stars if I could .
 I 'm a long-time tent camper -LRB- 30 years -RRB- and have used domes from 4-8 person in the past.I went for the Cougar Flats for the stability of the steel poles , the sheer size of the tent and height throughout ... and like many others , the look . This is s great looking tent . Goes up easy . . two people is certainly best . The bay windows are a great feature for letting fresh air circulate.The door side is plenty for sitting through a rainstorm ... although I reccommend adding your own rug since the cream colored floor can get dirty pretty quickly . Rainfly is easy to install . . and while I have n't had to use it yet , I 'm pretty confident that it 's take care of most bad weather.So why not 5 stars ? Simple . I 'm on my second Cougar order from Amazon . I got my first Cougar Flats , and unlike some others who have posted , I did n't have time for the backyard set-up . No worries ... I 've done this plenty of times with other tents . . I 'll get it up at the site . Went without a hitch -LRB- directions are not that bad -RRB- . It 's up ... looks great ... except ... red stains all over the cream side of the tent from the fly . Pretty depressing in a $ 250 tent.OK ... I 'll try the return policy and try again . To Amazon 's credit ... realtively easy and my new tent delivered within the week . Next campsite ... open box ... same stains . What a shame . I love this tent and now will have to deal with the defects beacuse I do n't want to re-pack and send back again.Other than that I would be an extremely happy buyer . I 'd try again for one without the stains if I had any confidence that I would n't risk it being worse third time around .
 Well , I just got this tent , and I set it up in the back yard . Too cold to camp yet , so I 'll write again after a campout , but I just wanted to say
 We recently purchased this tent for our family of five . The tent had plenty of room for us , two queen sized air mattresses , two single air mattresses , duffel bags , and one medium sized dog . As with all tents , the set up instructions were a little sparse , but after setting it up once at home we set it up at the camp site in under 20 minutes . We had 30-40 mile an hour winds , 39 degree temps and driving rain on our 2nd night of camping . We were snug as bugs inside . The tent totally blocked the winds . Our door zipper on the rain side leaked a bit where water pooled at the bottom corner of the zipper , but the rain fly kept every thing else high and dry while our friends ' Magellan tent leaked like a sieve . Overall we love this tent !
 I have had this tent for a month now and it is in my back yard . it has been dry in the rain and is very roomy easy to set up and great ventalation . this tent is going to be my home in costa rica for 2 months next year and as of now I think it will be perfect for that .
 We got this for a camping trip to South Carolina - tons of room . We have 2 oversize cots from Cabella 's that we had crossways -LRB- the ends protruded through the divider door -RRB- but still had room to squeeze through to crawl in . We also had 2 chairs , a port-potty , all of our clothes , etc in the other side and still were n't cramped . The tent held up well during daily rains including 2 very heavy rainfalls/storms . The hanging shelf and cup holders were n't really used and probably wo n't be , but the gear loft was great for stowing hats . The `` bay '' windows allowed us to get a breeze in all but the heaviest rains , and with the full coverage rainfly we did n't even get a drop of water inside . We are very pleased with this tent and plan on giving a couple of them as Christmas presents this year .
 Tent could benefit from more detailed instructions , but once up the tent is incredible . Setup and takedown is really easy and the tent is well made and is ready to go ! Tent was up in no time , storms came through the night , not a leak , not a drop ! Winds gusting , no problem . Tent will comfortable sleep 6-8 . Two queen size mattresses on each side . Tent is very spacious and incorporates all of the latest features as far as portability , weatherproofing , etc. . Great Tent .
 I just received this tent in the mail -LRB- early as usual , thanks amazon ! -RRB- . My family -LRB- of 5 -RRB- slept in it last night and had a great time . Adults in one room , kids in the other . I 'm looking forward to putting it to the real test and think it will be great on our next car camping adventure.The quality seems to be very good . I was nervous about buying a tent with more than 3 poles , but set up was not bad . I think it only took us 20 minutes the first time.It really feels like you 're taking part of your house with you camping ... it is big compared to my old dome tent !
 I 've had several two-person and family tents - this one is my favorite . I 've always gotten the dome-style -LRB- less embarrassingly huge -RRB- tent instead of this mammoth , but I consider this an upgrade.Quality was very good . I thought I would be spoiled by my L.L. Bean tent , but actually prefer this one for the bells and whistles -LRB- included gear loft ! and shelves ! etc. -RRB- . Rain protection excellent.Some tips for best avoiding problems in the rain
 We just took this tent out camping last week for the first time . We are renters and have no yard to practice putting this monster up so we went to a park and scratched our heads trying to figure out the roof poles . To try to help , there are three size flexible poles -LRB- 2 each size -RRB- , the two smallest are for the bay windows . the middle size go in the red roof sleeves and the largest go in the black sleeves . Once you solve this problem , this tent goes up in a snap ! I really do n't see how one person can possibly put up this tent . Some of these reviewers must have eaten their Wheaties!We left for our vacation to camp in Michigan during a monsoon . My biggest complaint about this tent is simply that if it is raining out , unless you drape the rainfly over it while elevating it ... it is impossible to keep the inside dry . Having said that , we did just that and draped the rainfly over it after we got the roof poles in.It rained for over 24 hours straight and not a drop got in the tent brand new out of the box . No seam sealer required . Once the weather cleared up , we were able to play with all the bells and whistles and were blown away at how cool and large this tent really is . For two people we loved how we could use the front half for chairs etc to hang out in playing cards , and use the other half for sleeping.This tent easily folds back into the nice storage case . Even though the poles are color coded with stickers , I brought a silver sharpie to mark the poles in case the stickers fell off with all the rain . -LRB- Which a few did -RRB- . I wish that the tie down ropes were not black . In the pitch dark silly me kept tripping over them . I will say even tripping on them , they stayed sturdy and messed me up more than the tent.The biggest thing I can say about this tent is that ... even during a 24 rainstorm I felt safe and dry . This tent does have alot of windows so I was pleasantly suprised at this fact.No tent is perfect , but this baby sure comes close ! I ca n't wait to go camping again !
 We purchased this tent after taking back a Coleman family tent since the fabric looked flimsy . We have just finished our first camp out with the Columbia Cougar and are very happy with it . It has plenty room for two adults and two/three kids . My wife & I can put it up in about 10-15 min . But , I suggest a trial run at home first.Also , it rained and the tent did not leak . It has a seperate rain fly that sits about 3 inches above the tent roof and the rain just runs off . A lesson learned - do n't put up this tent in the rain . The tent -LRB- without the rain fly -RRB- has a mesh roof in many places . This is great in good weather , but since the instructions say to put up on the rain fly after the tent is up , if its raining when setting up , the inside of the tent gets wet . Other than this operator error , the tent is a good value .
 I am from the rainforest of Panama ... and we have rain like no place on earth . The tent passed the test . We did not get water in but it was damp caused by osmosis . Size wise , in my opinion the tent is confortable for 4 people . To accomodate eight people as suggested I frankly find it difficult . The first time we set up , took us more than an hour . Written instructions are poor or my english defficient . . but after we figured out every aspect of the tent , now we can set up in about 20 minutes . I am happy with my tent , however more traveling is ahead and we shall see how it goes under different weather and terrain conditions .
 went camping over labor day weekend and this tent was fantastic ! I loved looking out the sky lights in the morning , you could see squirrels in the trees to seeing the stars by just laying in bed ! The height is perfect because you can stand all the way up in this tent , no bugs , and a lot of room . Easy to get up and a breeze to bring down . It comes with a nice canvas bag with wheels and the tent fits back into the bag very easily . I love the remote light that you can velcro to the tent , just enough light in the dark . I love the colors of this tent and the bow windows ! It is nice to have a tent where you can be comfortable in , do it right the first time , you get what you pay for ! and after all this is so worth the money and more . Choose the cougar Flats Tent , you 'll be stylin ! trust me !
 Have used this tent for camping 18 times over the past six months
 We bought two tents before this one and returned them for poor construction and design . We purchased ours at our local Dick 's store . We had a Coleman before , used it one week camping and returned it after our trip for poor design . My husband and I were able to stand up in this tent compared to the Coleman . We also liked all the windows and doors and the split rooms . One night we slept seven people in the tent with room for one more . The gear loft was great for placing the kids PJ 's . Did not use the cup holders or shelf , but with less people next trip we may . Great quality material . We had bought the Eddie Bauer cabin tent from target and returned it immediatelty upon opening and attepmting to put up . The Columbia tent is up in less than 10 minutes . One person could put up if needed . Great tent !
 My wife and I usually camp 3 or 4 times per summer and we decided it was time to retire the old tent and buy a new one . Based on reviews here , I purchased the Columbia Cougar Flats tent.My previous tent was a Hilary and I could set that thing up in under 10 minutes in the pitch dark . I set this one up in the backyard before our trip and it took me about 25 minutes the first time -LRB- alone -RRB- . I found the directions somewhat vague and at times confusing , but ended with a more thorough knowledge through trial and error.Fast forward to this past weekend and our first camping trip with both boys -LRB- 18mths and 6yrs -RRB- . Mother Nature did not want to cooperate as they were calling for showers most of the weekend . Against our better judgement , we went anyway . My wife and I set the tent up in under 15 minutes and it looked great . Soon into our trip , the skies opened up and it rained off and on through the evening and all night long . We left the bay windows open the whole time and cracked the others at the top . With the exception of some condensation on the inside of the end windows that were zippered down 8-10 inches , everything remained dry . We did have a tarp under the tent and put seam sealer on before we left , but this tent gets high marks.My only complaint -LRB- and it is minor -RRB- would be with the zippers on the doors . They tend to get stuck because of the ` crossover ' half way down . I 'm sure this design is to keep the rain out , but the time it takes you to get past this you tend to let more rain in.One more note
 This is a great tent to buy IF you have a family , are car camping , and do n't want to spend an ` arm and a leg ' to get a good quality tent . To find this tent I had researched much by asking many questions of retail sales persons , reading many manufacturers descriptions of family car-camping type tents , talking to friends and aquaintences of types of tents they would recommend , narrowed down a few selections to my price range , and read comments from owners who had purchased tents that they valued as worthy for others to consider buying , like this one . I have to say that this tent is pretty much as others have described it to be . It is very roomy and has plenty of -LRB- height -RRB- head room . There are only two minor complaints that I have . First , the room divider does not come out , meaning it would be better if it was velcroed to the exterior walls as opposed to sewn to them . But part of the wall can be rolled vertically to create an opening . Second , the light that comes with the tent does not come with a battery to run it . And the type of battery needed is not to be found in any store I have gone to that sells batteries . This is a frustration since the remote controlled light was a selling point . Neither of these issues detracts from the condition of the tent itself , however . The tent is constructed well and it does take about 20-30 minutes with two persons to assemble it as others have said . But once it is up , it is nice ! I had read from one pleased owner that their tent leaked ever so slightly in a rain storm . So I applied seem sealer right away to make sure I would n't have a similar problem . I think it is worth the precaution no matter what tent is purchased . My family and I love the second door on the tent as well as the ventelation system for great air circulation . The construction of the tent , poles , zippers , straps , and even the tote with wheels are excellent . A great tent for the car camping family !
 I got this tent to replace my very old favorite tent -LRB- 8X10 -RRB- and I think this will become my new favorite . I like the large amount of room and being able to walk around inside . Right now it 's just me and my dog but I 've had more than enough people to fill this tent in the past and anticipate taking the grandkids in the future . I was also looking at tents with attached screen rooms and this can be that too . The tent is very comfortable in both hot and cold weather , actually 90F one weekend and 40F the next . There is good ventilation with all the available window openings and it holds heat well when all closed up -LRB- 40F out 50F in -RRB- . I found the setup instructions adequate but do recommend practice setting it up before you head out . I put the tent up by myself several times without difficulty and it took about 20 min . including rain fly , tent pegs etc. . The tent is real sturdy . Putting the rain fly on after the tent is up -LRB- as directed -RRB- is a challenge unless you 're seven feet tall . I 've been putting the fly on top before I raise the tent . Reviews I read mentioned red color transfer to the tan while new/unopened . My tent had tissue-like paper between the folds from the manufacturer . I still had a little color transfer but not a problem . There was a slight leak during a heavy rain the first time I set the tent up but I had n't taken particular care that all the flaps and rain fly were set right . It 's worth the money .
 I researched a family tent and finally settled on this one -- mostly for the space and the separate rooms -LRB- it 's hard to keep the mess out of the sleeping area with the little ones , now 3,6,9 -RRB- . I LOVE being able to stand in the tent -- makes changing clothes so much easier . The first time I set this up was with my 9 yr old and I thought it was pretty simple . We 've only used it 3 times -LRB- and getting ready to again -RRB- and every time , it 's been he and I setting it up . It holds up to some weather well -- we had a 3-day that included 2 days of rain and one of unbelievably high winds . I agree with most of the reviews -- not enough adequate covering from the fly for the entrance but we slept in the far room so we kept the muck contained . Would have been nice to have a place for shoes outside . Held up great in the wind -LRB- truly fierce -RRB- -- ironically , we only staked the tent -LRB- not particularly necessary -RRB- because my sister nagged us and I woke up when a corner near me came up because the wind pulled the stake I had just jammed down . I went out in the weather and properly staked the corners and the tent held tight with us safe and cozy inside ! Highly recommend sealing the seams and spraying/waterproofing the sides/fly . We have n't had a leak -LRB- the tent is crafted well so may be redundant but camping in a rain storm is not the time to find out -RRB- and condensation -LRB- a problem in our previous tent -RRB- is not a problem -- tent has great venting . We still have n't figured out how to pack it back into the bag but at least the bag is well-designed to mostly zip and roll it to the car . Good buy -- enjoy !
 Love the tent , hate the directions ! Once you figure out how to and where poles belong , very easy to do . Great ventilation , stayed dry during moderate storm . Again , once you figure it out , GREAT tent .
 This is a beautiful family tent . I am very pleased with the design and workmanship.The instructions are not very good , but after you figure it out the first time , you can put it up easy in about 20 minutes . I even put it up alone with no problem.The rolling carrying case is great . The tent actually will fit back into it . It is not for backpacking because of the weight , but it is perfect if you can drive up to the campsite.I could not be more proud of this purchase .
 We had read several wonderful reviews about this tent so we bought 2 , one for our son and his family and one for us . Our son put his up in our back yard and loved it . He and his wife have camped a lot more than us and were delighted with all of the features , especially the airflow and ease of setup for such a roomy tent . They loved that everything fit back in the wheeled case when they took the tent down .
 I purchased the tent in advance for next season . I did put it up as a practice run to get make sure all parts were there.I have to say it was a bit challenging getting the roof pieces together at first . In order to get all of the pieces together without tearing the sewn attachments , I had to put 2 poles in without sliding them through the sleeve , then put the 2 others in properly . Once those had been in place , I had to remove the first ones , and gently install them properly . I strongly suggest taking it apart and putting it back together a couple of times to get used to the sequence . Who knows , each one may be a little different , but once I got the roof done , the color coded poles were a snap.The tent did come with some of the `` color bleeding '' as I have read in several other reviews , but honestly , it really does n't matter . Very spacious tent , and I am sure we are really going to enjoy it.It did come with 1 remote controlled light , but it would have been nice to have at least 2 . 1 for the outside of the tent and one on the inside . I have looked all over for a second light to no avail . I will just improvise later .
 The cougar flats tent is wonderful . I received it as a birthday present and used it this summer . It is a bit difficult to put up with just one person due to it 's large size , but with two it is a breeze . This tent offers great space on the inside and excellent airflow . When we went camping it downpoured for a day and the tent stayed bone dry . It is well constructed . If you are a casual camper or one that goes frequently this tent would be a wonderful investment .
 This is CLEARLY the BEST tent I 've ever owned . We purchased this for the space as the whole family -LRB- 2 adults and 2 kids -RRB- camped out for the weekend with my son 's Cub Scout Troop . Lots of room for a QUEEN sized mattress on both sides with tent -LRB- in each room -RRB- to walk around . Of course it rained but we managed to stay fairly dry . ONLY COMPLAINT was size of rain fly as water can come in - I recommend Seam Sealer and Waterproofing before first use .
 I bought this tent for it 's size as my family has outgrown our old tent . The tent is well made and has lots of space for every one . My only complaint is that the first time we set up the tent it was very frustrating as the directions were not that clear . And this is not a do it yourself set up
 We 've taken this tent on only 3 trips so far but love it already . It has enough space for even someone 6 1/2 feet tall to stand up comfortably , plus plenty of space for our dog and to store our belongings without having to trip over things . The ability to zip down all the windows to screen is a great feature . Even when it 's hot out it stays cooler inside than any other tent I 've ever had . We 've only had it rain once but not a drop of water got in the tent .
 Big , roomy and spacious , Big zippers which are nice . The only thing that I did not like with the tent was the poles for the top should be marked because they are very confusing , we put this tent almost togeether right several times only to find out the poles were wrong and that is a drag . Other then that it has alot of room and feels like a condo . Do n't forget to put a tarp underneath it before you put it up to keep you the floor dry . Even when It does not rain the ground gets damp . A real nice feature and convenience was that there is a place to hang your battery lantern from the ceiling , that way the whole tent lights up . It also has lots of screens making it real airy and opting for a nice breeze from virtually every angle if you would like one .
 We 've had this tent for 3 years , used 6 times . Overall it 's been a great 3 season tent for our family of 4 . At 150 ' sq. ft. it can sleep 8 with a little room left over for personal gear . Perfect size for us . Everyone can sleep in one room , leaving the other room for gear and for playing games , video , etc. if the weather turns bad . Has been through torrential rains with 50 MPH gusts and held up fine . Just make sure you guy it out properly as with any tent . Can be setup by one person , but two makes it much easier . Takes about 25 min . without rushing it.Probably it 's best feature is that you can standup anywhere in the tent . I 'm 6 ' and have inches to spare . And the sidewalls are pretty vertical so there 's little lost space . Another one of my favorite features is that there are interior doors as well as the outer doors . If you can train your kids to keep the doors closed , you have a bug free sleeping area . They might make it into the anteroom but the bedroom is still secure.Ventilation is excellent . The windows in the bedroom are designed so that you can keep them open during rainstorms . The roof is almost entirely mesh so condensation is a non-issue . And if you know it 's not going to rain during your trip or have dew issues , you can literally sleep under the stars . Another great feature is that it has two doors so you can enter/exit on the downside of the wind which is nice during rain . Also has plenty of pockets which keeps things off the floor . Even has a remote controlled light which is nicer than you might think.While this is a great tent , it does have a few areas it could be upgraded . I 'd like to see a canopy over at least one door . The fly does provide some protection from rain entering when you enter/exit but it could be better . Maybe it 's a fluke , but the first time it rained , we got about 2 tablespoons of water at the doorways via the zippers . After I waterproofed them , it was never a problem . All the seams were already sealed . The fiberglass rods over the bedroom windows are a very tight fit and I broke one of them early on . Bought two replacements , but have n't had a problem since . Instructions were confusing . Fortunately , I 've plenty of experience with tents so I was able to figure it out . After the first time , much easier and faster . The wheeled carry bag is slightly oversized so no fighting to get it in and makes transporting the tent easy.BTW , I 've worked with Cub Scouts for 7 years so I 've seen/setup a lot of tents . This one 's better than most of the larger family tents . Construction quality much better than your typical Walmart/Costco tent . It 's held up well for us and the large space is great .
 We have had this tent for about three years now and have used it for several campouts . The standing room inside and the two-room set up is great ! We fit four cots , two dogs , a cooler , table , and porta-pottie in this tent . And still it folds easily back into its wheeled carrying case . We love this tent ! Setup takes about 15 minutes with two people .
 Happy with the tent over all BUT a entry screen zipper came off track and wont re-align and a pole for the bay window broke with little force on it.Still trying to contact customer service but they have bankers hours.Good luck
 You have to understand when I buy something I do my homework . I read and I read until there is nothing to read anymore . Then I shop . This was the tent that we wanted . We tried to also find something similar as well . We went to Dicks Sporting Goods , Cabela 's , K-Mart , Walmart , Target , and everyone else you can imagine on line . Cabela 's carries it but did not have it in the store and it was on back order . This tent all of a sudden was extinct . Ebay had them used or slightly flawed . . and they were selling for full price . I was getting nervous . I had 4 adults going and did not want to be like a bunch of sardines . I wanted something affordable and desirable . I finally lucked out and found one on line sold with the terminology `` soiled '' . Now realize that it was not on this site all the other times I checked them out . I was in the right place at the right time.I put her up with my husband . . I stood back because he gets frustrated using a ziploc bag . I just kind of stood there assessing . The directions are a bit cryptic , but you know once you look at the tent and figure out what poles to start with ... . it was no problem . Took about 20 minutes the first time . We did not stake or put the tenafly up . . it was a basic inspection and initial look over . The term `` soiled '' ... is that it was used one time prior by the store itself . Maybe they just wanted to try it out themselves . It had a tinge of campfire smell . . that is all . We took the tent down until our trip.It is time for the camping trip . The inlaws cancelled a few days before the trip . One of my girlfriends stepped in and stated that she would go ... which worked out fine because my husband did not show up until the 2nd night of the trip . My husband was concerned that I would have problems putting up the tent . Hah.I put the tent up all by myself ... except the part where you have to put the side poles that stand the tent . I just needed my friend to hold the first one and I could of had any passerby do that . Please realize I have not tent camped since I was a child . So it has been a couple of decades since then.It was simple . If anyone is reading this . Everything is color coordinated ... start with the small orange poles for the dome ... then the olive green small poles . . from there the rest is a breeze . Also something my husband would be impatient at ... but the height and support poles ... let them follow the naturally slant and make sure the base of the tent is nice and square . Then you stake it . This Tent is part dome and part cabin . I believe that most of you that are having problems with the tent set up is partly the directions are cryptic ... . and partially on the impatience of the tent pitcher . My husband is one of those individuals . When he got to the site he was so impressed . We had seen it up before but 1/2 a@@'d and not with the tenafly . I was worried about putting up the tenafly do to the height of the tent . It was a sight to behold.Ventilation system was wonderful . The Accessories were great . We had 2 queen size air mattresses ... one in each room . My girlfriend was so impressed with the tent and in awe that I put it up basically by myself . You can zip that baby up or just leave the windows open with air coming through the mesh screens . We were by a sound . . so there was a lot of moisture . We had no rain ... but it was great . I was excited when it was time to go to sleep . Then I saw some of the other campers tents ... but ours was beautiful and big . The picture does not do it justice . Other campers made complimentary remarks and admired this very nice tent.When I read reviews I never see someone totally happy with something . They may of gotten a lemon ... they may not of set up the tent as best as they should of for optimum performance ... . they may just like to complain ... . or they have a preference for another kind of tent . There will always be something . But if a tent gets the majority of optimum stars . . then I would have to say it must be good . In this case the quantity of people giving it 5 stars compared to those giving it poor star ratings . . helped me put it in context . I am happy with my purchase . I love the bag . . love the tent . . love the size ... . love the quality of the stakes . By the way it was very windy being by the water ... I staked it well ... it stood up well . I myself have to perfect rolling my tent back up as small as it came to me ... . good thing that bag is forgiving . . that I can get it back in . Oh yes did I tell you I took the thing down by myself as well . My husband left a few hours early so he could get ready for work the next day.I am going camping again this coming weekend ... . I am so excited.Keep in mind there is tent quality -LRB- sometimes can get a lemon -RRB- and also quality of the way the tent is put up by an individual . I have the orange version of this tent . Very unique.Did I forget to mention ... I LOVE THIS TENT.SincerelyJack 's Wife
 I have used this tent twice so far , once in the Texas hill country and Big Bend National Park . The tent offers plenty of room for my family of five . Even with everyone inside there is room for board games and other indoor activites . The windows are huge and offer a teriffic view of the countryside . The tent is heavy so do n't even think about taking it too far from the car . Now I know why the carrier case comes with rollers .
 used this tent for the first time last week ! lots of room , pretty easy to set up , was in MOAB Utah rock crawling for a week , tent was great had all my gear neatly in the tent lots of room , woke up to some wind on tuesday morning , checked all the stakes , and tie down lines , and went wheeling , when hours out on the trail the winds really picked up , by the time got back to the KOA , it was late eve , and the tent was trashed rain fly was shredded , tie down lines were riped from the tent , pretty much the rain fly took the bulk of dammage , 2 holes and one broken pole in tent ... watch out in high winds bigger the tent the more she wants to go flying ! hopefull i can get a new rain fly and a pole , they said got over 50 mph gusts ...
 We have used this tent on two camping trips . First , I 'll say that it was a little cumbersome to put up the first time . After that - it was not hard at all . My wife and I can now get the tent up in about 15 min . We had a few nights of rain while using the tent - and not a single drip of water - and no , we did not use any type of sealer . It is a little heavy - but nothing a family can not manage .
 Very good product , it has alot of windows so its airy . The directions were not that easy to understand . But once we figured it out , it was fast to put up .
 After crawling in and out of several varieties of 2 and 4-man tents , bouncing on the air mattress that took up all the floor space to get to my stuff , I decided I would NEVER camp again . I admire the adventurous folks who can simplify their lives by taking off on a whim with a tiny pup tent strapped to their backs but clearly this type of camping is not for me . When I saw my friend 's cabin-style tent , I started the search for one of our own . I 'm totally anal about the stuff I buy so I read a lot of reviews and decided on this tent because it got such good user ratings . We 've taken it on about 3 camping trips so far and it 's been great . We have n't experienced any torrential downpours but not a drop of the rain we did get leaked through to the inside . The only reason why I did n't give it 5 stars is because the zippers could be easier to pull . The tabs can be cumbersome to get into a position to be able to pull them and when you 're fumbling around in the middle of the night so you can get out to go to the restroom it 's very frustrating . Otherwise , this tent is perfect . It 's roomy , airy , and relatively easy to put up and take down even though we promptly lost the directions first time we put it up . I love camping again . We did replace the stakes with sturdier ones but everything else is perfect out of the box . I even love the colors . Thanks for a great tent Columbia and for another great price and free , fast shipping Amazon !
 I ca n't beleive how much I love this tent . I seriously would buy another one right now , if my husband would let me ... just in case they stop making this style . Bought this tent in April 06 , put it up to seam seal it and before we could , it rained . 2 teaspoons of water in the tent ~ max ~ and I was n't sure where it came in . Had to take it down w/o seam sealing it . Was going to try to seam seal it again Memorial Day weekend , on our first camping trip with this tent ~ a 5 dayer on the lake . Got the tent up , it rained . Poured buckets and windy , with tornados warnings all around ~ on two separate occasions ~ NO LEAKS !!!!! I could n't believe it , since we never did get a chance to seal the seams . We did have a 10 ` x20 ' tarp folded to size as a -LRB- cheaper -RRB- footprint . The huge tarp fit in the tent case , too ! Spacious , breezey , cool accessories included . Not a walk-in kind of tent because it is HEAVY . Set up instructions ~ not so great , but as with other reviewers , the second time up was easy and quick . Time will tell how long this tent survives ~ we plan on camping often . Love the tent so far and was sad to pack it up .
 We did a trial run of putting the tent up first and it went up within about 15 minutes . On the actual trip our friends who hand n't put up the tent before volunteered to put the tent up for us -LRB- we were delayed -RRB- and they also had no problems . The tent is very spacious and airy . I really liked the remote control light and the hanging area above the bed . Kept hitting my head on the hanging shelves though - saying that they still came in handy . Found the cupholders were in silly places though . Did n't really have any problems opening or closing the tent , as per some other reviewers appear to have done . We had some rain one night and the tent stayed completely dry . Overall we like the look of the tent . The tent was also very easy to take down and to put away . A great buy overall .
 Me and my wife recently purchased this tent to use for our wedding anniversary camping trip in the high Sierra 's of Northern California . The tent was incredibly easy to assemble and take down was a breeze . The roominess of the tent was important because we normally camp with our three daughters . However , because of the occassion , we were alone and able to use half of the tent for sleeping -LRB- using two large cots -RRB- , changing clothes and storing our extra items . In the other half of the tent , we set up a large folding table and chairs to use for watching the sunset through the large screen window , while we enjoyed a bug-free meal of played board games by lantern light . At bed time , we enjoyed leaving the rain fly off so we could enjoy the view of the stars over-head . The ventilation was great and there was zero condensation to contend with . The gear loft , shelves and cup holders were a nice touch and it was nice to know the remote controlled light was there if we needed it . I was very pleased with the rugged construction of the tent and the tent bag . I was equally pleased that the tent bag came with wheels , as we had a long walk to our camp site ! This trip was one of the best I have spent with my wife , and the comfort and reliable performance of this tent made it even better !
 We just got back from our 1st week long camping trip with this tent ! We were very impressed with the way it held up . We love the 2 room feature . When the weather was nice we left the bedroom shut and were able to leave the front door open for walking in and out of easily . We had plenty of citronella going and a campfire most of the time , so the bugs stayed away most of the time . We felt that it was very roomy inside and had room for everything we wanted , and believe me , we brought everything but the kitchen sink . At night it was dry for the first part of our week and were able to leave the big screen room windows open , which was very nice . We have taken this tent on a couple of 2 nighters as well and the ease of setting this BIG tent up is so surprising . Literally 10 minutes and it is up . We like the fact there is no `` ducking '' to walk around in this tent . It feels like home . Did I say WE LOVE THIS TENT !!!!
 I bought this tent for use by me and my two children , as we had outgrown my other tent . I did not have time to practice pitching this tent prior to the camping trip , so I had to figure it out once we arrived at the campsite . I attempted to read the instructions , but found them pretty useless . So I just laid out the components and figured it out . The color coding on poles and connectors on the tent made that part of the assembly easy . However , three small flexible poles were not color coded , so it took me some time to figure out where they went . -LRB- Hints
 We have a family of eight and this tent was great ! The set-up was a little confusing , but since I am not new to the world of tents , I easily figured it out and even set it up by myself at home . The zippers are really nice . I like that there is one zipper to open the door -LRB- instead of one horizontal and one vertical/horizontal one -RRB- That makes getting in and out a breeze.Usually when we wake in the mroning , our bags are wet from condensation . They were completely dry in this tent ! . We did not plan for the nights to be as cold as they were , so all eight of us slept in one half of the tent to stay warm ! This tent is nice and spacious!At first , I thought the `` bay windows '' were kind of hokey . but then I realized they serve a purpose
 I bought this tent last Christmas for my daughter and her family . They had to take it on an airplane to get it home and with the wheels on it , it was like another suitcase and there was no overweight charge due to the fact that it only weighs about 52 lbs . They finally used it this summer and they loved it , it was easy to put up and it rained very heavy and never leaked . They are so happy with this item and I recommend it very highly .
 I hemmed and hawed over purchasing this tent because of the various reviews . In the end , I got it and do not regret it.I have used it 3 times this season . My camping experience during the past few days prompts me to write.When I think of tents - I do not think `` oh , get a Columbia tent ! '' I got it because I liked the features but worried about how it would handle the elements.The past couple of days , I camped along a lake and came upon some heavy duty rainy weather that included down pour and high winds . There were no trees to protect . Inside , we were dry with no worries . Occasionally , I would touch the sides to `` test '' - though , I could feel the moisture as in any tent , nothing came through . The winds blew HARD and it stood up.When it was a medium/hard rain , I loved how I could peer out my OPEN side `` bay '' semi-circle windows to look outside without fear of rain coming in -LRB- you really ca n't do that in most tents ! -RRB- . The low side vents were perfect for letting air in too.I also loved the two room feature being solidly two rooms -LRB- having that additional division along the floor/walls - some mention this as a negative -RRB- as it kept the sand and dirt out of my sleeping area . I had this sort-of `` changing '' area . No sand or dirt in my `` bedroom '' . The little extras are big extras . The corner shelf really IS useful beyond those side pockets every tent has . The cup holders are cute - though , i wish you could have two in the `` bedroom '' area . The `` loft '' piece is worthy as well . The remote light sounds `` cute '' but is useful when coming and going from that camp fire or being in bed in the middle of the night and having to get up to relieve yourself . No fumbling for the flashlight or lantern.Things that would have made this tent perfect
 I have bought many tents in my life . So I am not easily impressedby a tent . Every tent I buy I check out before it 's purchased throughblogs and customer reviews . OK now to the point . I love this tent.It has all the features you could want and the quality is EXELENT.The instruction are horrible but throw them to the side and use thecolor coding and some common sense and it all works out . I was surprisedon how sturdy this thing is it is built like a tank . I wish they came ina bigger size but for most it will be great .
 I did a lot of research before buying this tent -LRB- too much actually -RRB- . I was looking at the one Sam 's club sells , but North Pole , the people that make Columbia 's tent under their private label said it is a lower grade . When I first received this tent , I was impressed with the quality of it , the stitching , the thickness of the fabric , etc. I have been using it since Oct 2005 . Last weekend we had a strong thunderstorm , but it kept us completely dry . I used the seam sealer Walmart sells on what seams that are not already sealed by the manufacture - not sure if this helped or not . The pole for the window was broken , which we must have done the previous camping time as we were in a hurry to beat the rain that was coming -LRB- taking it down -RRB- . I called their cs people and I did n't even have to ask for a new one , he just asked a few questions and took my mailing info . They are shipping me a new one ! Talking about service from the manufacture ! The only problem I have is the zipper on the door -LRB- the side we use all the time -RRB- has a tendency to skip the track all the time unless you close it a certain way . I 'm not sure if it is just my tent or what , but that is n't that big of a deal . Other than that , I am very happy and that was a well $ 230 spent . Like they say , you get what you pay for !
 This is a tough , well-made tent with great ventilation and no leaks . My husband and I just returned from an extended camping trip to the mountains of north Georgia , and we weathered a some roaring thunderstorms and all-night rains without the nightmare of seeing our gear floating in the tent the next morning.Being baby boomers who are past the point of being able to pull on our jeans while lying down in a backpacking tent , we decided to invest in the Cougar Flats for our car camping . Great decision ! The tent is roomy - we use one side for sleeping on a double-height queen Aero bed , with a couple of feet clearance on either side of the mattress . The other side of the tent is given over to gear storage , chairs , and being able to get dressed standing up ! My 6 ' 2 '' husband has head room to spare.In addition to the obvious space and protection , I was pleasantly surprised by a couple of extra finishing touches
 Highly recommend this tent ! First-time setup is slow because instructions are poorly written with inadequate illustrations . But subsequent setups were a snap ... did n't even need directions . The color-coded side poles and obvious placement of flex poles on roof make it easy for me -LRB- female -RRB- and 12-year-old daughter in about 15 minutes -LRB- staking takes a bit longer -RRB- . Plenty of room for small family and could sleep eight easily , but would n't leave much room to move around . Our queen size airbed took half of one room leaving other half for clothing and supplies . We used the screen room for food/cooler storage , small table and a couple of chairs . Passed rain test with flying colors and great to be able to leave canopied windows open . Remote light was another nice feature as well as plenty of standing room . Threshold is a little high because of offset bottom seam . I tripped several times before finally wiping out . But have n't tripped since ! haha See our beautiful Lake Martin pictures . Happy camping !!! Addendum 7-27-06
 Shopped around a lot and the reviews here helped . Was looking for a large tent to go car camping , so weight was n't an issue . It had to have room to spare for a queen air mattress and tall enough inside to be able to stand . It also had to have great ventilation since it will be used in warm weather . I have a Eureka 4 person tent I use for hike-in camping , but that is tight to try to live out of for more than one night , so we needed one we could pitch at a drive-in campsite and use as a basecamp . This is VERY simple to put up , the poles are all bungied together and most are color coded with rings of tape . This color coding is essential for quickly sorting the many poles . I am planning to enhance the color coding somehow with more substantial markings as finding the smallish colored tape can take time , especially in the dark . It would have been nice to have a more rugged way to color code the poles besides tape which I am sure will eventually fall off . The first night we used it , we had a steady rain , not a drizzle , but a rain . I had added more seam sealing to the seams around the doorways and large screen windows . The seams were already taped and seam sealed , but I added more anyway . To my amazement , we had very few -LRB- 2 small -RRB- leaks . One was on the windward side of the screen door . I agree with reviews here -- the overhangs on the screendoors could have been larger -LRB- that would have helped with the one leak -RRB- , BUT , that is why there are 2 doors , you can use the opposite door that is downwind when needed . The other leak came down through a seam on the rain-fly and through the screen roof . I admittedly did not add any seam-seal to the rainfly and should have -- -LRB- I did afterwards -RRB- . I was amazed at how leakproof the rainfly was right out of the box , especailly considering that the entire ceiling of the tent is a screen -LRB- great ventilation -RRB- . The side `` bay windows '' and ground vents provided great drafts so we never felt damp and clammy inside.We did n't have any issues with the zippers getting snagged or stuck . The zippers they used are not the cheap ones used on inferior tents that I have had snag . You just have to realize that this a door to a tent , not a screen-porch , and it needs to be treated as such . I 'm sure I could have ripped or snagged it if I impatiently muscled them.Love the fact that this is free-standing . After removing the rainfly and stakes , we were able to carry the whole intact tent to a dry area and let it air dry and even shake off debris and brush any loose sand/dirt off quickly . Rolling up was a snap . We did find that rolling it up how the instructions suggested made it difficult to fit into the carry case . We have now adopted an easier method . First fold the long side of the tent in half -- this is where it is seamed . Then fold again . You should end up with the TENT LABEL -LRB- sewed onto the side -RRB- at one end of the resulting rectangle of tent fabric . We then roll from the opposite side of the label so that when you end up , the roll of tent had the label facing out.The only reason this did n't get 5 stars is because the previoulsy mentioned `` limited '' rainfly covering the doors . I will need to work on extending that in a fashion similar to the extended rainfly of my Eureka tent . Overall it is of exceptional quality for the price paid .
 We just got back from our 5 day camping trip with our new Cougar Flats tent and 4 children . We had a non-forcasted 14 hour Thunderstorm on day 4 that rained non-stop HARD . We had no leaks , and the tent was solid as a rock under the winds . I had even forgot that you are not supposed to place items against the wall of any tent and our airbeds were against the walls in the corners . The storm had splashed debris and dirt up from the ground even though we were on a rock bed camping site . After a couple hours drying I broomed it off with 1 to 2 strokes . The tent zippers are super strong . This tent is one of the few things in life that far exceeds your expectations . You will love this amazing tent , do n't even bother to shop . Never expected things like the tent storage bag has a bottom made out of truck bedliner plastic coming up with 3 inch sides and the bag has an additional zipper all the way around that allows the bag to raise and expand another 3 to 4 inches just in case you ca n't pack as good as the factory and Tough roller blade type wheels on the bag . . The tent itself will blow you away with all the things they thought of and its all built like a tank . My family zipped and unzipped the front door 50 plus times a day going in and out , minding moms bug policy . No care was taken not to be rough and no failures . This is truly an amazing product , with features you never even thought of . I 'll say that I am amazed at its cost , without raising the brows of the powers that be too much .
 I took this tent to eastern Pennsylvania and camped for 5 days . My camping trip coincided with the torrential rains and flooding experienced all over the east coast in late June of 2006 . Although it 's never any fun to camp in the rain , my Cougar Flats tent kept me and all my gear thoroughly dry . Not a single leak anywhere . What made this tent particularly nice was being able to move about inside without having to stoop . When I camp , I take * everything * , and arranging it all for comfort and efficiency was absolutely no problem . The `` cyclonic '' venting system really made a difference in keeping the air moving inside the tent . All the components worked beautifully , from zippers to guy lines to corded poles . No problem setting up or taking down , even in a downpour . One thing I really appreciated was the gear loft -- a great place to spread wet towels to dry when hanging outside is n't an option . I did n't find much use for the corner shelf or the cup holders -LRB- nor the remote light -RRB- but overall , I 'm thrilled with this tent package and ca n't wait for the next trip out .
 Every inch of the Cougar Flats has been constructed with top notch quality . We have owned several tents and none compares to the attention to details such as the snap lock fasteners for the rain fly . The bay windows allow you to partially unzip the window covers even in the rain -LRB- makes nice ventilation along with the vortex vents -RRB- . The best feature of all is the height . It is great to be able to walk all through the tent without hitting your head on the top!It took a couple of set-ups to become familiar enough so we did not need to refer to the directions . But taking it down was a breeze the first time .
 I am completely new to the camping scene and relied heavily on the reviews I found on Amazon to choose my purchase . I am so glad that I did and that I chose this tent . It has turned out to be much more than I expected.First of all , the size is incredible . My husband and I are both over 6 ' tall , with a son an inch behind and two daughters racing to see who will be next . This tent is more than comfortable enough for all of us . The first time I used it alone with my two daughters . I followed the manufacturer 's advice and set it up in the backyard . Set-up was a snap , and I did it by myself.Our first trip was in the Florida Keys during December . No major rain/wind issues . I did n't even stake it down completely . Once of the selling points was that it was considered a `` stand alone '' tent . Since I knew that I did n't really know what I was doing , I figured that would probably come in handy at some point.And now the second trip . A complete comedy of errors , but the tent held its own . Went camping over the Memorial Weekend and it poured at least once each day and there was a storm with winds up to 60 mph . Once again , I did n't stake the rainfly properly -LRB- I guess I thought that Mother Nature would show me a little favortism - - not -RRB- . Water collected on the top and caused the front of the tent to cave in where the door is located . When I tried to pull the tent back up the pole broke -LRB- but duct tape fixed that -RRB- . Although we collected about an inch of water on that side of the tent , I had expected it to be much worse . Thankfully we had closed-cell sleeping pads for the kids and most of their gear was on top of the pads . The `` adult '' side of the tent -LRB- w / bay windows -RRB- was untouched . Once I cleaned up the mess and figured out what I had done wrong the rest of the weekend went on without a hitch . And it still poured once every day.Bottom line - - I am EXTREMELY happy with this tent and feel like the reviewer who wants to buy another just in case they discontinue this model . The tent can be set up by one person in about 10 minutes , it 's super roomy , with lots of ventilation , bay windows do n't let the rain in and you can leave them open and still maintain privacy.Columbia 's customer service was great , and the pole is on the way . I hope they make a backpacking tent that is comparable .
 Read the reviews here and would have to agree . If you are car camping like we were in Tsali in Western North Carolina you 'll be right at home . We set the tent up in the yard just to make sure we knew what to do . Once we arrived at our campsite it took mabey 15 minutes to set it up . Once we were done we looked around at all the other ` small ' tent and decided we were really happy with the purchase . Everytime we saw somebody bending down to get into their two person tent we smiled . We attached the fly and actually rolled it over to one side during the day to allow it to vent . In the evening it was easy to pull it over and snap it into place . This thing is huge . Highly recommended !
 I read all of the reviews on this tent that were available in June , researched about 12 other tents an decided on the Cougar Flats . Unlike some buyers , I usually only have to accomodate two campers and two 70lbs dogs . I really liked the look of the tent and was interested in having a ` bedroom ' and ` screen room ' , moving up from a 4 person dome tent.I bought it six weeks before I needed it and out of the box , it took two of us 25 minutes to set up . I found the instructions quite easy to follow once I took a few minutes to study the parts page and knew which pole was being described . Columbia made the tent to be built in two parts , the roof first , then you raise it on the wall poles . The second time I set it up alone and it took me only 10 minutes.My tent came with two poles with severed shock cords . It appeared as though the tent may have been stored for a while and the steel poles cut through the thin cord . Instead of troubling with customer service , I bought some replacement cord and fixed them easily . -LRB- I would strongly recommend that you bring 20-30 feet of replacement shock cord - costs about $ 5 - when you take this tent to the wild . Avoid needing the duct tape ! -RRB- I was immediately taken with the tent 's `` cool '' factor . It looks nice and it was so nice to be able to walk into my tent standing upright . We put a queen air mattress and two dog beds in the bedroom section and two camp chairs and a portable table in the living section . There was plenty of storage and room to play backgammon on the table when it rained.We took the tent to Spring Creek Reservior in Colorado at 10,000 feet and had rain each day including a severe storm with some horizontal rain and hail . Knowing Colorado storms , I secured every guy wire and staked every point solidly . The tent held up perfectly and had no leakage ! I did take time to seam seal prior to the trip but was pleased to find that I only had seal the living area , the bedroom section was solidly pre-taped . I would confirm other reviewers comments that the door design could be better , but you get used to opening the tent flaps outward with a little practice to prevent water from coming in during the rain . Having big doors on both sides of the tent was nice as well so as to use the one most protected from the rain.The awnings on the bedroom windows were excellent and the ventilation was the best I have ever had in a tent in 20 years of camping.While at the campground -LRB- Mosca -RRB- several other people from the campground admired the tent and inquired about who made it.I have had Eureka , North Face and Columbia tents before and the Cougar Flats compares very well with the quality I had experienced with those brands . The rain fly was taut and the guy supports were appropriately placed and reinforced . The fasttex buckles on the rainfly are particularly handy when wanting to get the tent up quickly . I would strongly recommend this tent . I have no regrets and am also tempted to buy another and store it for then ten years after this one is retired!Must go camping now !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 My 11 year old somehow became a Clippers fan despite the team history and this was a gift for him . It has been a hit with everyone who sees it and worth the price and a great addition to a game room .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I have done a lot of research on tents and screen rooms over the last 2 weeks . This screen room from Columbia beats anything I 've seen for price vs. quality either online or at the local Sams and Costco centers . The price plus free shipping makes it real bargin that I am still surprised at finding - in fact at the current 60 % off price it is cheaper than almost all the lower quality versions ! And Columbia makes very good stuff . After getting it within a few days of ordering , it took me a little more than 20 minutes to set it up the first time in my backyard . Will be quicker next time -LRB- probably 10 minutes -RRB- . It is not a difficult one man job , although I 'm a bit over 6 feet so that helps . To move it once setup though is really a two man job . Some of the pictures you might find of these on the Internet make it difficult to tell whether there is a floor with it or not - there is not -LRB- which is the way I wanted it so we could put it over the campground table if need be -RRB- . I am very pleased with the size , design , look , quality , and price - recommended !
 I found this product on a comparison shopping engine . I was shocked by the price , and even though I did n't really `` need '' the screenhouse , I decided to get it.This is what I like : - The price . I still ca n't believe the deal . And free shipping . -LRB- I bet Amazon is losing money on this -RRB- - The design/quality of the screenhouse . It 's just good quality -- have n't had any problems with zippers . Additionally , when I set it up in the backyard , it actually looks nice . - Appearance . From an appearance perspective , it just `` fits in '' in my backyard . Nothing over-the-top , but also nothing that is flimsy or cheap quality . - Canopy or Screen House . Here 's the great thing . Given sizable screen windows on the side of the screen house , it can double as a canopy . I have set it up semi-permanently in my backyard , and use it more to get out of the sun than for mosquitos.A strong recommendation .
 I spent awhile searching for the perfect screen tent for car camping . I was looking for something that would be easy to set up and provide shelter from bugs and rain . I stumbled on this one at a great price with free shipping . It had great reviews and looked like a quality product . Columbia has always had a great reputation . Well I have not used it camping yet , but I did set it up in my yard the other day . It was packed very well and the outside case was very well designed and seemed like it would hold up for a long time . It took me a few minutes to seperate out all the poles and figure out how it all went together -LRB- the instructions are attached to the case -RRB- . All in all it took me about 20 minutes to set it up by myself the first time . The fabric shell was a little tight , but I am sure after a use or two it will streach out nicely . The only negative thing I can see , is that since it is octogon shaped it does not provide a great deal of protection from the rain , if the base is 14 feet across , the roof area is only about 8-10 feet across . Overall it seems to be a very well designed screen tent that should last for a long time .
 We recently spent a weekend stubbornly camping in steady rain ... 36 hours of it , from drizzle to deluge . Our friends ' 1960 's - vintage cabin-style , though thoroughly baffling to set up , was the saving grace of our adventure . We had room to eat ouf of the rain , which probably was victory enough to keep us from abandonning what turned out to be an awesome little trip . I decided I had to get one , but the early stages of research turned up a selection that was either shockingly overpriced , very poorly constructed , or no more technologically advanced than the screen house my friend kept from her childhood . Then I found this , for a fraction of the price of many of the others , and more solidly constructed than all the rest . Shazam ! Since we bought it , we have become even more impressed . It 's strong , it 's sturdy , and anyone who has spent some time around tents can get it up in under ten minutes . A novice can do it under twenty . I did a lot of research before buying this , and you should too , but I 'll tell you now that there is nothing else close on the internet that can match the price , nothing within $ 50 . The only caution I would make is to review the specifics carefully . Well packed , the screen room fills a large duffel , and while this duffle is conveniently equipped with wheels it 's still heavy . Durn heavy . This is for car camping and home use , and with a different set of -LRB- easy to find -RRB- spikes it would be ideal for the beach . Just remember that the weight in a product like this equates to quality .
 We recieved our Columbia North Glacier Octagonal Screen House within 48 hours of ordering it although we picked the free shipping option . I was impressed by the quality . It comes in a great luggage type bag with wheels on it and a nice handle . We bought this screen house because we saw it on a neighbors beach and we were impressed by the quality . I could not believe the great price and free shipping offered at Amazon ! I looked online at other sites and Amazon had the best price .
 This is a great and fun item for those who love to camp . Got this for my friends and I to enjoy our outdoor adventures that much more -LRB- actually got it more for our girlfriends when they come -RRB- . We really like this product and recommend it to all .
 This is a great screen house very large and very easy to set up . I am a 50 year old grandmother . And if I can set this up anyone can . After reading the reviews I dicided to try this and it was easy . I do recomend this screen room .
 Amazon would not price comp , so I bought the item from Campmor for $ 20 less . Although shipping was not free , the charge was less than $ 7.00 . Sorry Amazon , I would have preferred buying from you .
 It is great product for outdoor living such as autocamping.Easy to build up and storage .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 I am aware of some of the premium and highly touted holsters such as the Crossbreed Supertuck or Comptac minotaur . Given that concealment of my guns is more on a casual , as opposed to daily use , and the 2.25 '' barrel is a more compact gun this makes a solid choice.I needed a concealed carry holster for a compact revolver for the nice hot and humid months in Florida . The SP 101 by Ruger is highly concealable and 357 or 38 + P is a solid self defense round . I am not a fan of in the pocket holsters so I opted for an in-the-waistband-use . For my purpose , this works for both the summer and winter , when I carry concealed Snubnosed Revolvers.Constructed of cowhide and reinforced at the opening with hard plastic , this holster is comfortable and stable for in-the-waist-holstering . The plastic clip works well with and without a belt so I can use it if I am running with jogging pants or sports shorts . However , in practical terms , a belt is a better option if you want to draw the gun without the holster still attached to it.The holster does tend to stand out and looks like a pager or cellular phone under an untucked shirt since the wide plastic clip is wide . I carry it at the either the 2:00 , 6:00 or 5:00 position with an untucked shirt . The 3:00 position will only work , if you are wearing a jacket or coat . I even tried to cross draw from the opposite hip without problems , but it is not my personal preference . The suede is quite comfortable and aside from the slight bulge , I do n't tend to feel like the gun is there - especially , when compared to carrying a Glock . It has one cant , vertical only . That is a limitation but fine for me for a gun of this compact size.Drawing from the holster is quick once broken in , and the clip is pretty stable in that regard . Since the 2.25 '' 357 is smaller , I do n't notice a shift in position , like I do with my Semiautomatic counterpart , the Glock 23/27 . Re-holstering after drawing your weapon has to be performed carefully -LRB- finger on the side of the gun and be careful not to catch your skin -RRB- . Given the plastic reinforcement at the mouth of the holster , it does not tend to stay wide open , though , so reholstering is a two handed operation . This does not have a thumb break making this a level 1 holster . The only way you can adjust the tension on keeping the gun in place is by tightening your belt.For the cost , it 's hard to find something better for a snub nosed revolver . This is the only holster I will use for my snubbies . Its simple design fits my lifestyle and wardrobe.Happy Shooting to You !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 If you have worked on marine electrics , you have cut and stripped a wire to find that it had water intrusion which corroded the copper strands . It is impossible to solder and you would be irresponsible to attach a crimp connector to corroded wire , due to voltage drop and resistance heating.Every strand of Ancor wire is tin plated to reduce corrosion . It solders beautifully , bends easily , and has a rugged sheath . It is expensive , but cheaper than ripping out yards of corroded plain copper wire every couple of years .
 A must for any small boat wiring project . Order arrived promptly , product as described . Do n't mess around with anything but the real thing , Ancor marine grade tinned copper wiring , for any wiring project that will be exposed to the elements , vibration and pounding that it will see on your small boat , whether fresh water or salt .
 This was for a secondary bilge pump setup . Works well and sealed routed easily . Boat did n't sink and nobody died , so that was a bonus .
 For the DIYer this is a great buy . Quality wire for a reasonable price . Great for auto and boat projects . Get a repair manual and spool of wire and save big bucks .
 As described and seems to be doing the job -LRB- all of a couple of weeks so far -RRB- . A 4 for now until I see how well it holds up .
 Name brand -LRB- Anchor -RRB- wire is notoriously expensive in boat/marine stores . This was the best price I could find for this gauge wire .
 Purchased to wire up my boat with 12v lights and fittings . The tinned wire is found right throughout and well coated and good consistent electrical insulated cover . Works fine on my boat and happy with quality all round .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 Brand new and arrived super fast . These socks are great and perfect if you are on your feet a lot . Will order again
 I ordered these for a hiking trip and have been very happy with them . I also bought a pair of the thicker cushion Thorlo hiking socks . Both are great , very comfortable and wear well . I like having both these `` semi-thick '' and the thicker ones depending on the day , the weather and how much cushioning my feet need that day . I plan to get another pair of these in a different color .
 This is a nice light weight sock that is comfortable and not too hot . I would recommend it . I plan to take them on a trip to a hot climate .
 These socks are attractive and well-made with comfortable padding . I was afraid my feet would get too hot while hiking in 85 weather because the socks are pretty thick , but the Coolmax material does its job . My feet were comfy the entire four-hour hike and I had no blisters or soreness . It 's worth noting that these are one of the few kinds of hiking socks offered that contain NO wool , not even Smartwool . This is a bonus to me because my socks wo n't deteriorate with repeated use and washing .
 Just got these last week and they 're great . I 've taken to wearing them even when I 'm not hiking - the cushioning feels great . ` Guess I 'll have to get more ... : -RRB-
 I love these socks . They are a bit expensive , so I waited for a sale , but they are really top of the line . One easy way to tell a well-made sock ? When you take them off at the end of the day , are stray sock fibers sticking to your toes ? That 's a sign of a sock that will fall apart on you . These Thorlo socks do n't have that problem.The sizing is true . I wear shoe size 6 and I have wide feet . I ordered these socks in Woman 's Small -LRB- 5-6 .5 -RRB- and they fit just right.The cushioning is great . I use them for everyday in my tennies - you do n't have to be hiking to appreciate both the cushioning and the CoolMax wicking.I noticed that sometimes the Thorlo sizing on amazon pages states Sm -LRB- 4-6 -RRB- . I do n't know if that 's an actual difference in the sock sizes , or just a difference in how the seller enters the sizes on an amazon page .
 These socks are working well for me so far . They keep away moisture and do n't get stinky . The one negative would be that they are not as warm as I would like . They are good for slightly cold days when you are wearing pants . I wear them with sneakers and need warmer socks on colder days . They do n't slip which is great . I 've also washed them several times and they still look brand new .
 Good socks , feet do seem to stay cooler in my steel toe shoes . Glad I bought them .
 Love these socks . Will never buy any other socks again ! They are comfortable and long lasting !
 These socks look good and feel good . They are comfortable and provide protection on long walks or extreme weather . They also work well around the house without shoes . I wear them all year round . They are designed well , made well , and wash well from my experience.I was discussing survival techniques with an Army officer who recommended Thorlo socks for warmth . I bought some for that purpose , for power outages , cold Winter weather , etc. , and never have wanted any other kind since . They last for years and I wear them every day , Winter and Summer , usually without shoes since I work from home , sometimes with shoes on 3-mile walks . These are everything I want in a sock . I highly recommend them .
 Let 's see , this is 2013 . I first started backpacking in 2004 , so that 's where my love affair with Thorlo began , so ... 9 years in love . Nine years ago , I bought a &#34; six-pack &#34; of these Coolmax Light Hikers from someone selling Thorlo irregulars on eBay . First , I wore them backpacking because they were just right for a cushioned ride plus moisture wicking plus quick dry after walking across streams . Then I wore them to work out in the gym , and then I wore them any other non-backpacking non-excercise time I wanted to be comfortable and warm , including sock-footing around the house all day . I owned NO other warm-weather or hiking sock , so you can imagine how much wear & tear these old socks got ! OK , so this winter they finally started getting a little hole here , a little thin there , until I was down to 2 1/2 pairs , barely , so it was time to reorder . -LRB- Doing laundry more often to keep a fresh pair handy was getting old . -RRB- The ones I got in the mail are EXACTLY what I got 9 years ago -- they feel and look like old friends . Admittedly , I was shocked to see how the price had gone up since 2004 , but once I considered the amazing run for the money those 9 year old socks had given me , I just want to say , &#34; THANK YOU THORLO ! &#34; In this day and age of cheap , cheap , cheap , you are nothing but quality , dependability , and value . I just feel bad you had to wait 9 years for me to buy from you again , but hey ! I did n't need to , you 're so good at what you do !
 I bought these socks to wear to go hiking on a somewhat strenuous trail complete with rock scrambles and a steep elevation gain last May . Between these socks and my hiking boots my feet stayed comfy , dry , and at the right temperature -LRB- as opposed to super sweaty and hot -RRB- , even when our trip down the mountain was accompanied by a downpour and muddy conditions.I have n't been back hiking since then , and I put the socks away with my hiking boots . That is , until today when I realized there was snow on the ground and it was 20 or so outside . I pulled these out to wear with my snow boots to keep my feet warm . Not only did my feet stay warm on my commute , but as I trudged through my day indoors in my winter boots my feet were comfortable . -LRB- In previous years wearing my boots all day meant by lunch time I could n't wait to take them off because of how sweaty and uncomfortable my feet got . -RRB- Also , as someone with small feet -LRB- size 6.5 -RRB- , usually my socks are a bit too big -LRB- like , the heel of the sock is closer to my ankle than my heel -RRB- . I was able to order these on Amazon in a size small and they fit really awesomely . They hug my arch nicely -LRB- adding some support where I need it -RRB- , stay up well , and are otherwise awesome . I originally saw these socks in a sporting goods store but they did n't stock smalls -LRB- only mediums and larges -RRB- , so I was happy to find my size here .
 These are warm and soft . They have a nice amount of cushioning - enough to feel good , but not enough to be awkwardly bulky .
 These are the absolute best for hiking , and I know I will be ordering more . They are warm and fit snugly , and of course , I love the coolmax feature .
 These are the best socks they are soft warm and very comfortable , they breathe so your feet do not sweat , I wear them all the time because I work outdoors
 These socks are simply the best I have ever had on my feet ; so comfortable in all the right places .
 Light , comfortable , thin even enough to be worn as a liner , cute enough to be worn alone . Love the support bands . These exceeded my expectations by a mile . * snicker *
 They are warm , comfortable , fit so well and so definitely worth the expense . No more bag o ' socks from Walmart . These are my choice from now on .
 This is the 3rd year in a row my very active mother in law has requested these socks . I 'd say they get a glowing review from her and I was thrilled to find them on Amazon Prime & at a great price .
 love the thickness and wrmth of these socks ... would order another pair or two for the winter . good value and good quality
 Love the cushion to make the hiking experience gentler on your feet . I go hiking almost every day and I find them great even when I am hiking in the snow .
 These are the best active wear socks I have ever worn . They fit great and are warm on cold days . They wash and dry to the same great fit . But best of all , they are durable and you will find it hard to wear them out !
 I actually wear these more for work than recreation . I work in a large building with miles of concrete floors and I spend most of my 10 hour work days roaming those floors . I need a more `` functional '' sock than your run-of-the-mill athletic , crew or girly sock . These fit the bill perfectly . They 're thin enough to wear under casual or athletic shoes without being bulky but they are thick enough to provide a bit of extra cushioning as I stomp around all day on concrete.I knocked one star off simply because of the price . While not a bad price for this particular brand , in my mind anything above around five dollars for a single pair of socks is too high .
 I own several pairs , wash dry , wear , no problem , comfortable and just all around great .
 These are terrific socks , have purchased the walking , running and hiking styles . But as in previous reviews , whoever is pulling orders makes a LOT of mistakes ! I had to return/reorder three times for one pair ! Amazon has been a dream in trying to resolve the issue but unless they have can review the orders themselves , we the customers are stuck ! So order early in case there is a problem ...
 I 've been wearing these to the gym , hiking , and walking for months and I absolutely love them ! They fit well ; they 're not bunchy or tight . They feel great - they 're soft and cushioned . But they 're not so cushiony that your regular walking or fitness shoes wo n't fit over them . I 've washed & dried them lots of times and they have n't shrunk or lost their shape , and they show no obvious signs of wear . And I have ridiculously sweaty feet , yet the socks never get more than slightly damp , and they keep my feet nice and dry.I 'm really pleased with them , although I do wish there were more color variety .
 I have health problems that make it important to keep my feet happy , and I have searched high and low for the `` right '' socks . In an effort to keep my feet warm I 've often resorted to buying thicker men 's socks , even though they never fit me quite right . This sock is the best I 've found . It 's thick but light enough to wear with everyday shoes ; sturdy enough to wear for hiking on rough terrain here in the high desert and southern Rockies . Very comfortable -- does n't bunch up , and it has nice padding in the right spots . I bought it specifically for cold-weather use , and it consistently keeps my feet warm even in temps around zero -LRB- Fahrenheit -RRB- , or on hikes where my feet are likely to get cold and damp . Feels comfortably dry even though I have notoriously sweaty feet.These socks are not cheap , and that made me hesitant to buy them . But I liked the first pair so much , I ended up buying three more . I 've tried socks made of everything -- cotton , acrylic blends , wool , bamboo -- and these socks are my current favorites . I hope Thorlo keeps making them , because I intend to buy more in the future .
 I have never experienced such comfort in a pair of socks ! I ordered these spectacular socks to wear with my hiking boots here in Afghanistan where I am deployed . I needed
 I bought these socks and gave them the ultimate test -- I hiked to the bottom of the Grand Canyon ! They kept my feet as cool , dry , and comfortable as possible in August 's 110 degree heat . Thank goodness I bought 2 pair so I had a fresh pair for the hike back up !
 I have used these socks for hiking around our high desert and mountain areas since 2006 . When my last pair wore out , I was pleased to find them on Amazon.These are my favorite socks for hiking the local trails . The moisture - wicking technology keeps my feet relatively dry and the cushioning helps in preventing blisters .
 I was glad to find my size on Amazon as my local store does n't carry small . It fits my little foot well and feels good . I like the design .
 These socks are wonderful ! Warm , comfy and not at all bulky with regular shoes . This was a great buy . I totally recommend these socks .
 These socks are amazing !!! Super comfy , perfect for boots , real to size . It will make you 're boots a lot more comfortable to wear . Cushioned on the right spots so you do n't have to worry about blisters . Definitely will buy these socks again .
 I have plantart fasciitis and these are the only socks that work with my hiking boots -LRB- that I have to wear everywhere for support -RRB- . I accidentally washed and dried them on hot , and they survived and are the same . When that happened with any other brand , the socks shrank , incl . smartwool , and I was out a lot of money . I bought ski socks and other socks from Thorlo , but I consider the ones with the Coolmax blend the best ones .
 I purchased these socks to go hiking in Costa Rica and wore them almost every day . My feet stayed comfortable no matter what the weather or conditions .
 Yes , it is different than a normal towel ... much better!I am a swimmer and am used to chamois towels . I love this large one because it 's long enough to actually reach across and dry my back . It is the perfect pack or sporting towel because it 's compact and always works . If it 's wet , just twist and ring out the water and dry some more.I 've never stored chamois wet in their container . Just let it dry and fold it up ! When you need to use it again , get it wet and use it to dry off .
 These are amazing towels . I use them when I go swimming , when I travel light with only a small backpack , or when I go camping/trekking . You can store it damp and it wo n't stink like a regular towel . You can wash it with your other clothes . They last a long time , and this particular model is bigger than the regular one , so it dries you even faster.I tried many kinds of travel towels and this is by far the best !
 It 's a small sports towell.The feeling comparing with a regular towel is different.Not to cover your body , or stay warm . It always wet , do not dry it.It has a limited lifetime , after that starts smelling and not drying well.It depends on how often you use it and storage conditions.But , it suits me . Great for my backpack training gear and go to work .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 After searching both online and through local stores , I found this treadmill to be the only one in it 's price range with a 22 inch wide -LRB- by 60 inches long -RRB- running surface , not to mention the 3 HP motor . I was also happy with the lifetime warranty on the motor and deck.The only cons to this treadmill are that it does n't fold up and it is extremely heavy . I have read , however , that treadmills that fold up tend to be less stable than those that do not so this may be an advantage . As far as the weight , this also adds to stability once you have it in place.The manufacturer did not include an instruction manual , which was a mistake , but I was able to find it as well as their contact info online . Their customer service representative was both helpful and courteous.The treadmill was fairly simple to assemble . It appears to be a well made machine and I am pleased with my purchase .
 Me and my wife log 35-50 miles per week on our treadmill . We have plenty of room for the treadmill so we were not in need of a folding treadmill . We are both runners and joggers and wanted to be sure that we got a treadmill that was going to keep up with us . After researching online we went with the advice from Treadmill Doctor and glad that we did with this treadmill . The 22 '' wide running surface was one of the biggest reasons we bought this as we have the treadmill set up in front of the TV and it is nice to be able to run and have the room `` to roam '' without worrying about stepping on the sides of the treadmill . Also , I do n't know if this is a preference and up to each individual but both my wife and I have noticed that on longer runs we feel less joint pain . Our previous treadmill that we had for almost 7 years had a lot of cushion and on longer runs would feel some knee and lower back pain , which we do not experience out on the road or to date on this treadmill . The treadmill is very quiet even at the higher speeds , it does go to 12 mph but we never go above 8 mph ... but I guess it is there if you are doing interval training . The console is laid out very clearly as well as it has a large blue matrix that tracks your progress and then it has 3 red windows below that just tell you the important information . I have my own chest strap that I wear with my Polar watch and the treadmill picks that up and I took the chest strap that comes with the treadmill . Believe you me the treadmill is VERY heavy . Be sure to have helpers and or a hand truck ! Surprisingly , though the treadmill is very easy to assemble . The handlebars and the console is already attached . You just have to lift them up and tighten the bolts . The only thing that you have to physically attach is the covers for the handlebar and the water bottle holders . It took us 20-30 minutes to assemble . I would strongly recommend this treadmill for anyone looking to log some serious miles for years to come .
 After looking extensively on the internet at different treadmills , I purchased the Pro 3 -LRB- 2008 model -RRB- for 1,633 . It is a great treadmill with plenty of room to run . Compare it to the Pro 1 and they are similar . The Pro 3 has these added features . Aluminum side rails and an ortho belt that is 2 inches wider than the Pro 1 , it also is more stable because it does not fold . The Pro 3 , in my opinion , is the best option out there for under 2,000 . It has a lifetime motor and frame warranty . 5 year parts warranty and 2 year labor warranty if used in the home . Look at other treadmills with this type of warranty and you will be paying 3,000 or better for them . The machine is very solid and is excellent for runners . If you can find one for the price that I gave for mine it is hands down the best deal on the market for under 2,000 grand .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 It covers reviews and suggestions of various rifles of different calibers . Very informative for the rifle shooter in general and important features to look for when purchasing a rifle . It does not cover military rifles in great details which is nice but rifles that the general public would be interested in shooting at rifle ranges . I have just extended my subscription because I enjoyed the magazine .
 This is a good magazine . It covers a broad range of rifles and information and accessories for them.Please note that the magazine is not a monthly publication , there are 6 issues a year , when comparing subscription prices to other magazines .
 I enjoy this magazine keeps me up to date on the new rifle that are coming out and reviews some of the old standbys . it worth the money for it this is my second year of it .
 I enjoy this magazine , and reading about rifles , and new rifle products . If there was one thing I would change , it would be to review fewer `` high-end '' rifles that most of us will never be able to own .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I am very pleased with the purchase , even though I had to pay the shipping . The product was received in original package and it is working excellent . The price I had to pay was less than any other store .
 Pen feels a little cheesy , but functions flawlessly . I 'll probably end up replacing it , just so I could have a better `` feel '' in my hand . However , for the price this pen is a win over the average ink stick.Case and pad are of excellent construction and a definite win .
 I bought this tackle box to replace my old Plano box that 's about 3x this size . I bought some extra drawers for it , and i store tackle for different types of fishing in each one . Going backpacking ? I 'll through in my stream and lake fishing drawers . Salmon fishing ? Swap out a drawer for my salmon tackle drawer . It leaves me with a smaller/lighter tackle box , that stores EVERYTHING i need , meanwhile storing NOTHING that i do n't need for that particular trip!The quality is excellent . Several times , I have forgotten to bring a chair , and used the tacklebox as a seat for hours on end , and it is still in 100 % condition .
 I am new to fishing and this tackle box works for me . Top tray handy and two racks plenty for my skill set . Sturdy enough to sit on in my sport dinghy . Now if only the fish would bite ...
 bought this for my son for xmas . just big enough to hold all his equipment and small enough for him to carry . great buy
 This product arrived as expected . I had seen it at Menards for a lot more . It was the right price , and perfect for storing all my Dremel accessories .
 I mean ... they 're socks ... and I ordered them on a whim from Amazon . Beats the hell out of shopping , and they arrived on time . So , 5 stars for giving me what I wanted at a good price , without wandering a mall .
 I think this unit is one of the best built screenhouses I have ever seen . I too was disappointed that the top was not incorporated into the frame as indicated in the discription . Other than that , I love it .
 This is by far one of the best designed and well built items I have ever purchased.First , the Sun Basin comes in a very nice carry case with rollers . All the parts have convienent storgae pockets.Removing the screen house was easy and setup was also , quick and easy . Everything you need is supplied except perhaps a big rubber mallet to pound in the stakes.The screen house unfolds like a big umbrella and stands on it 's own supports in a very stabile position.You cover the suports with the roof material and then expand the frame until it is completely set up . Close a few velcro tabs and you are done.We set ours up on our deck and it has given us a comfortable place to enjoy ourselves . We also take it in our motorhome and use it as an outdoor room .
 My husband and I were very impressed with this tent . It is very easy to put up -LRB- only took two of us -RRB- , and fits nicely in the bag when you take it down . We received many compliments on how nice it looked , and we have adopted it as our new favorite camping tool . The only thing I would change about it would be to be able to put up individual sides instead of all the panels at one time .
 the first up screenhouse is so easy to put up . everything fits right . it so nice not to have to mess with a bunch of poles
 Since I purchased this three weeks ago , I set it up at Jimmy Buffett concert and at a camp ground . Both times it downpoured . My wife and I as well as all of our friends fit under this tent and even BBQ 'd under there . It went up easily , keeps you dry , it is very big ! I was also nervous about trying to put it away after a few drinks , but it snapped right down and folded back up easily into the carrying case . I highly recommend this product .
 I previously had another screen house gazebo that I used on several occasions during my frequent camping trips . Each trip , it seemed something would tear off or break due to the cheap quality . I then decided to take a risk in another gazebo , but in the case , I paid a lot more . Well , as the old adage goes , you get what you pay for . This is a quality gazebo . Please note that it 's heavy -LRB- at least to me -RRB- , so be prepared . I 'm small in stature , but I was able to load it into my SUV , take it out , and put it up and tear it down all by myself . The carrying case with wheels is very functional with side zipper pockets , sturdy handle , and a zipper from top to bottom for the main enclosure , which allowed me to slip it over the folded up gazebo , zip it up part way , flip it over , and zip up the rest . Tah Dah ! I look forward to many more camping trips , bug free with this screen house gazebo . I 'm glad I was able to find it .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love this product , it 's helped with my swimming . I believe it can make you stronger in the sport . I use it 2-3 times a week to supplement my swim . Thanks for this item on the market .
 I am very happy with this purchase from beginning to end . The service was very good , recieved the product in a very timely manner . The cover is very cute , and substantial . My son loves it . Now if it could only improve his golf game ... Thanks !
 It appears that the Crab Headcover is no longer available ... too bad . It looks good and fits a 460cc driver . Our home course shares its name with the Dungeness Crab , and has a red-sand crab-shaped bunker , so this headcover is very appropriate . My only issue , for which I 'm knocking off one star , is that the crab should have been sewed onto to the sleeve `` butt-first '' so that the head -LRB- with the claws -RRB- faces out . In the bag it appears the crab is crawling * into * the bag . It should have the `` claw-end '' facing out , so that the crab appears to be crawling out of the bag .
 MORE THAN I EXPECTED . IT IS MUCH PRETTIER THAN THE PICTURE SHOWS . THANK YOU SO MUCH , I LOVE THE VIBRANT PINK
 I bought the deer cover for my father for father 's day . He got quite a chuckle out of it ! The product seems to be sturdy and well put together . Its sizing is also very versatile , so it will work for a variety of different clubs and drivers . These club covers are very adorable and whimsical . I definitely recommend this to any golfers ! It 's built well , and looks fantastic in person . Brilliant !
 Got 3 of these for my dad for xmas and they were great ! There are several varieties and different animals you can go with and my only suggestion would maybe be to get one with more of a pattern on it like a zebra or a skunk or something . When its all black like the panther one its a little hard to tell that it is supposed to be an animal . Overall though very good gift idea !
 My 41-year-old son laughed and laughed when he got his deer cover for Christmas . He wants to get one for his father . Very nice quality and just a riot !
 This golf club cover is too cute ! My nephew who is 9 wanted some fun covers for 2 more of his woods , so I got him this manta ray and the crab one from Buttheads . They are so funny , look like they are diving into the bag . Very nice quality for the price paid .
 I bought this to replace the battered beaver butthead club my husband previously owned ; I was delighted to find a replica .
 Ordered the Butthead cover for my husband 's birthday . We have a black toy poodle so he thought this was great !
 This is just hilarious . I got it for my uncle and he gets double takes from his fellow golfers ! LOL You ca n't help but laugh . Also , the quality seems to be there .
 If you have worked on marine electrics , you have cut and stripped a wire to find that it had water intrusion which corroded the copper strands . It is impossible to solder and you would be irresponsible to attach a crimp connector to corroded wire , due to voltage drop and resistance heating.Every strand of Ancor wire is tin plated to reduce corrosion . It solders beautifully , bends easily , and has a rugged sheath . It is expensive , but cheaper than ripping out yards of corroded plain copper wire every couple of years .
 A must for any small boat wiring project . Order arrived promptly , product as described . Do n't mess around with anything but the real thing , Ancor marine grade tinned copper wiring , for any wiring project that will be exposed to the elements , vibration and pounding that it will see on your small boat , whether fresh water or salt .
 This was for a secondary bilge pump setup . Works well and sealed routed easily . Boat did n't sink and nobody died , so that was a bonus .
 For the DIYer this is a great buy . Quality wire for a reasonable price . Great for auto and boat projects . Get a repair manual and spool of wire and save big bucks .
 As described and seems to be doing the job -LRB- all of a couple of weeks so far -RRB- . A 4 for now until I see how well it holds up .
 Name brand -LRB- Anchor -RRB- wire is notoriously expensive in boat/marine stores . This was the best price I could find for this gauge wire .
 Purchased to wire up my boat with 12v lights and fittings . The tinned wire is found right throughout and well coated and good consistent electrical insulated cover . Works fine on my boat and happy with quality all round .
 Service was excellent was sent out so fast I received it within 2 days!Was packaged with no issues nice note was inside thanking me for my business .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Elliptical arrived by truck and fully assembled . I have used this for one month and had no problems . I am very happy with the purchase .
 Although it is not commerdial grade it is still a good elliptical for the money . I expected it to be more robust but at a thousand dollars I did not find anything better .
 This is a very good , club quality elliptical for an affordable price . My wife thinks that the resistance is too high compared to the club models , but it is a fraction of the cost and appears to be very well made .
 Since I purchased the EX3 I have been using it every day and are very happy and satisfied with it . The EX3 has n't needed any special maintenance , once every other week I clean the dust on the rails and it runs so smooth that I think that it is still brand new . It has many programs for different goals , the programs are very easy to use and easily understood . The EX3 is highly recommended .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 This shower tent was very roomy There is enough space to stand in one section and not get wet , even for a large person you will not feel cramped . It has a place for all your stuff even a towel bar . It was very sturdy it held up through some pretty strong winds . The only thing I would change is in the flooring it has a mesh section on three sides for the water to drain and I would put it on all four sides . There is a place that unzips for you to put your shower hose through and connect the shower head to the top of the tent , We took a black 50 gallon drum and filled it with water and put a pump for a pond in it covered the top with black rubber mat for maximum heating by the sun and hooked a regular shower head to the end of the hose and had enough water for many showers . This was money well spent ! Sure you can buy some for $ 30.00 dollars but you can barely stand up or move and certainly can not hang your stuff in them and they do n't have floors . Buy this product with confidence .
 I purchased this tent to use as a private space for a composting toilet that was to be set up in my garage workshop . I had no difficulty with set-up . It took approximately 15 minutes and I set it up alone . -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and 120 lbs. , so it does n't take massive strength . -RRB- The directions were clear . I did not need to stake it out as my garage is not noted for windstorms . I did use the rainfly as it added strength and stability . The materials were of good quality , and everything went together without difficulty.This is a very large shower tent and was more than large enough to hold the composting toilet I intended it for . I would need to cut a hole in the back wall for the venting connections and finished that off so that it would not fray . I had no difficulty with the zippers or door . The shelves , towel bar and gear loft were nice accessories . The actual size is 4 1/2 ft. by 4 1/2 foot , not 5 ft. by 5 ft. as many sites list , which was a problem for me as I actually needed the 5 ft. by 5 ft. size to accomodate additional equipment . It is 84 '' tall center height . There is alot of room . The carry bag is very well constructed . The light and remote are also nice touches and worked well . There is a velcro patch on the ceiling that the light attaches to , with velcro on the back of the light as well . Batteries are not included -- 2 AA for the light and a 12 volt camera type battery for the remote.This is a heavy piece of camping equipment -- about 25 lbs . The poles are steel , very sturdy but heavy . I find it hard to think of something this heavy as camping gear , but then I have back packing gear . If you were car camping or setting up camp for awhile in one spot and needed a private place to shower or use a porta-potty , and either had a very strong teenager who 'd carry the thing in or could drive to your site , this would be great . There are bungee cord type connections to hold the shower hose out of the way . The shower tent takes about the same amount of time as most tents to set up , maybe a bit less . I paid $ 112 with free shipping for it on Amazon .
 Came in very Handy , great for rinsing the mud off the kids as well as taking a full complete shower . I went camping with my family -LRB- 44 of us -RRB- and the facility showers broke down , this shower saved the day , we all used it . I suggest you buy more than 1 solar bag , so you do not run out of warm water .
 I set this up in our backyard . Mind you we live on a hill with a good bit of wind . This shower tent handled the wind , no problem . I did however tie it down to the included stakes . Set up was n't too difficult . I was able to do it by myself . However , help in raising the top would be less stress on the frame . It comes in a really heavy duty carry bag . The stakes included are heavy duty , not plastic . The headroom and standing area are unreal . No worries there . Everything about this shower tent is an A + + + + .
 We found this shower tent gave us a lot of private space . It fit a large porta-potti with lots of extra room . We bought it so we could potty our wheelchair bound handicapped son close to the camper . We were able to pick him up , walk him in and were not crowded in the process . My husband and I are both large people and we enjoyed the extra room to shower as well . The height is great and it is easy to assemble .
 I just got my Columbia shower tent yesterday and already set it up ! At first I was going to just buy a $ 30 shower tent , but I 'm glad I found this one!Here are my first impressions :1 . Very roomy , but the ad states 5 ' X 5 ' and the box reads 4.5 ' X 4.5 ' ?? There is plenty of room to put a porta-pottie in the shower and make it a dual purpose tent .2 . Very easy to set up . Every thing is color-coded for easy set-up ! I was hesistant in ordering this because of the other review of how hard it was to set up . It did take a while at first because I was following the instructions . But I think the next time I set up , it will only take 5 to 10 minutes max . There are a lot of parts when setting this up , so be sure to set it up in the daytime or have a good lantern to see with .3 . Nice carrying bag ! Very well constructed . However , I wish Columbia could have spent less on the bag and taken that off the cost of the product . $ 112 was not bad though for everything you get . It sure beats spending $ 140 to $ 160 on one and it definately beats the cheap $ 30 tents .4 . Nice accessories like corner hanging rack , towel bar , and light . HOWEVER , the remote control for the light takes a 12v photo type battery . The light itself just takes 2 AA batteries . You do n't really need the remote though . There is an on/off switch on the actual light itself . I just hate it when battery operated items do not take regular batteries such as AAA , AA , C , or D . How many little convenience stores out in the middle of nowhere , when your camping , carry 12v photo type batteries ?? Plus those batteries are expensive ! Be sure to take the batteries out in the off season ! 5 . The tent comes with the nice thich metal stakes ! Not the cheap plastic ones that bend or break after the second or third time you pound them in the ground . We have the same stakes for our regular tent and ground cover and they can drive through rocky and clay soil with no problem ! 6 . IT HAS A FLOOR !! The cheap $ 30 ones do not all have floors , so be careful when you purcahse one ! The mesh around the floor to let the water run out was not what I expected . I expected more of a tent window type screen . The mesh around the floor has rather large holes in it to let the flow of water out of the tent . However , the holes are large enough to let in creepy crawly bugs such as ants and spiders . We 'll have to see though . Maybe putting a ground tarp on the bottom of the tent will help keep the bugs out as well as save the bottom of the shower from rocks .7 . Very sturdy . I think she will hold up well in high winds and storms . The one downfall is that in order to use the guy lines to give it more stability , you have to use the rain fly because the guy lines are attached to the rainfly . If you did n't want the rainfly on but still wanted to use the guy lines for stability , you could get some line and tie them to the corners .8 . Lots of storage ! There are lots of spaces in the shower to place your stuff like shampoo and what not . There is even a compartment in the hanging rack to put toilet paper in so it does n't get wet .9 . There is about a four inch zipper on the back to run in you shower hose if you use one of those hot water shower pumps . I wish they put zippers in all four corners , so you can place you shower pump anywhere and still run the hose into the tent . I would have like to see the zipper in one of the front corners because we have one of the those propane hot water pumps . The way it is set up now is that you would have to go to the back of the tent and light the propane shower and start the pump . There are also some connectors at the top to hang a solar shower bags . However , those so called 5 gallon solar showers would be a lot of wieght . Anyways , I have never been able to get a full 5 gallons in one of those things .10 . Heavy duty metal poles . I was very impressed on how sturdy they were!All in all , I was very impressed with the shower tent , even though I have n't actually used it . There are a few minor things I wish Columbia would have done differently , but still happy with the purchase.The reason we got this is because where we camp , there is ussaully just an outhouse , sometimes a shower house . There is nothing worse then having to hold your breath and go into an outhouse . That 's not the worst part . I hate wasps and every outhouse and shower house I have been in , there are always wasps flying around your face while you trying to use the restroom . YUCK ! It 's like the parks we go to wo n't spray for them or something !? We do n't have a camper or travel trailer becausse we take our boat with us . So this will be perfect . After a long day on and in the lake , a nice shower makes you feel better and you can wash off all of the sunscreen and bug spray before you go to bed!I know this will make your camping experience a happy one . At least I know my wife will be a happy camper ! Hope this review helps !
 This item set up fairly quickly in about 20 minutes . It appears to be sturdy enough for windy conditions . I have n't figured out the water bladder attachment because , it just hangs in the way . My best solution to this is to lay the bladder in a basket and suspend the basket from the `` S '' hook . Overall , it appears to be an satisfactory product .
 A great find and a great buy ! I found the same item advertised for $ 189.00 on the INTERNET but purchased mine from Amazon for $ 129.95 . Amazon paid for the shipping . The shower tent arrived a week earlier than I thought it would , which was another plus . I was planning a trip over Memorial Day so I had time to open the tent up to see how easy/hard it would be before taking it camping . It went together easily . The poles and supports are marked with color strips . The color strips do come off so it probably would be best if they were marked with paint instead of tape . The only other fault I found with it was that the maker only allowed one zippered hole for the shower hose to enter the tent , which was to the left rear as you enter . I have a Coleman Popup trailer and thankfully had added more hose to the outside trailer shower compartment . My camping trip started on Wed. 5/23 and ended on 5/28 . We were able to shower every day , a big , big plus . Do buy a carpet to place under the tent though . The flooring could be damaged if it was n't protected . I found a 3x5 rug , -LRB- green grass -RRB- at Home Depot that worked very nicely . All parts for the tent are packaged separately in a good quality storage bag .
 As our camping crew gets larger and more diverse , We have found that privacy is a luxury some hold onto the most . I recieved my shower tent this afternoon and of course had to set it up.I have found that this shower tent has all the features we need and more . I 'm sure it will prove to be a good investment when that August camping trip to the Blackrock Desert in Nevada , comes around . It feels big enough to put a tub into , but then that really would ` nt be roughing it .
 Easier to set up than earlier reviews indicated , especially in subsequent setups.Very roomy.We use ours for a kid 's potty and changing room by our pool
 Ive recently purchased this item and have had it up and in use on two differant camping trips . . first of all let me say ... I camp with a group that has anywhere from 18 to 30 people at any given time ... this product preformed flawlessly ... It sets up easily by one person -LRB- given the person has some camping experiance -RRB- ... is easily anchored ... and has outstanding room ... coupled with a zodi camp shower it serves its purpose well ... would recomend that . . as with all camping gear ... you lube the zippers before extensive use ... this product did very well in high winds once it was properly anchored ... its the hit of the bike rallies
 Nice sized shower tent for camping great to have room to turn around and also hang towels for use a little pricey but very sturdy and well constructed ...
 I go camping on the river with no power hook ups and a nasty outhouse . I had a simple shower from wal-mart and I need something bigger so I purchased this one we only change and go to the bathroom in it I have a porta potty we put in it and have a lot of room . Nice shelves in it also this item is just great for camping . very very very nice !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 GREAT SHOWERI LOVE THE SPACE .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I got this for my grandma for Christmas because she loves the 49ers . It 's a great size , has great colors , and is all around perfect : D
 Represent your NFL team in style with this cute , sporty antenna ball ! Excellent quality , very well made . I was pleasantly surprised at how sturdy my lil guy is . We rocket down the highway everyday but I 've never lost him ! I would caution against rabid NFL fans ; my sister had her Cowboys antenna ball ripped off and stomped flat by an angry Broncos fan ! A small amount of rubber cement applied to the inside of the ball before affixing to the antenna will discourage theft ! Cute way to represent your NFL team !
 Thank you for your fast shipping . I needed this sleeping bag right away ! LOVED IT ! It was better than I expected !
 Good box , lots of storage space . Sturdy . Should be sitting on flat surface before opening front door to trays though . Handle is super strong . My box probably weighs in about 35 + lbs . I bought some extra storage boxes for the top area . I would buy again if I needed one again .
 omethings I want in a drawer -LRB- hooks , weights , detc and other things -LRB- lkures -RRB- I need to look at all at once . this model lets me do both .
 I have owned a plano tackle box since the 1980 's & out grew it in no time . I recently asked for a new one , the old one is similar to this one . We searched everywhere near our home & not a single retailer carries large tackle boxes in our area . We searched the Plano company & found the style # of one that is similar to my old one . We found it on here at amazon . :-RRB- I am pleased & am looking forward to my replacement box since mine was damaged in shipping .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 My wife and I have been looking for storage for our sewing supplies , and figured we 'd try this out , since both our sets of parents used to use tackle boxes for sewing storage.This unit is great . The top section has two large compartments for storing scissors , measuring tapes , rolls of ribbon , pins , needles , etc. . The drawers have slot of varying width and length that are perfect for storing spools of thread , notions , more ribbon , & c. ; We got all of the stuff out of our tupperware tub and into the tacklebox and still have a third of the space empty for more stuff.As an added bonus , the clasps are strong enough that our 1-year-old twins ca n't get into this stuff and make a mess . Our three - and four-year-old are another story , but at least they understand `` No ! ''
 This was exactly as discribed . It arrived promply and I am very happy to use it for my painting supplies .
 Fantastic tackle box , , my second of the same model . The first I bought some years ago and I could n't find this in any Big Box Store . I am planning to buy another for my salt water baits before they discontinue . Buy this quickly , you will not be disappointed !
 It is an excellent case . I use it to store from art stuff to miniatures . This is the second one I purchased .
 This replaced a 25 year old tacklebox and what a difference ! I have plenty of room for everything , including a small ` Plano 23705-00 Half-Size Stowaway with Adjustable Dividers ' which I 'll use for small parts / screws . I needed the seperate small box since the drawers do not seal tight , and if the box tips over , small parts a liable to get completely mixed up.Two home-modifications I found helpful :1 -RRB- The drawers are not removable . I drilled a small hole for each drawer on one side neart the front where the drawer 's ` clips ' are so as to be able to push in the clip and allow it to come out . This allows to clean the drawers , and especially to modify them ... 2 -RRB- I modified a coupld of the drawers by Dremeling out a few deviders . This allows me to store larger pieces in different areas.Overall , I think this is an excellent product , especially for the price .
 This was a replacement for my husband who had the first one for over 10 years ! The first one cracked on the top due to being brittle from age , not from workmanship . This one is even bigger , and was a gift for Christmas . He loved it . This was hands down the best price I could find given we got super saver shipping.Thanks Amazon
 this makes an excellent &#34; parts &#34; boxi use it for screws , nails , electrical partsdurable holds the weight
 Perfect ! Stores all my husbands RC Car `` stuff '' ! This is exactly what he was lookin for-sturdy , compact yet it has plenty of storage !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 6 of us went to Colorado for vacation this summer to do some serious trout fishing . We 've been going for years , and I generally rotate between flys and spinners depending on what 's hitting . joe 's flys are basically a combo between a fly and a spinner , and with both a treble hook AND a standard hook ! There were times I could n't reel them in fast enough , and the rest of the group was n't catching squat with everything they tried . I ended up having to share my weapons so they could reap the same benefits , and low and behold they started catching fish as well . Unfortunately I only bought 3 of these , and I 'm down to 1 left -- so here I am , buying a ton more ! -LRB- FYI , these work by FAR best if you create about a 5-foot leader in line , and tie this behind a clear fly bobber -LRB- the stretched oval looking bobber with one round tip and one pointed tip -RRB- .
 I 've been shooting slingshots for over 50 years and had used the tapered band item when my prior ones bit the dust . On the basis of the review above I switched to the non-tapered bands the reviewer suggested . With those bands my accuracy went to pot despite the possile -LRB- ? -RRB- higher velocity . What 's the point of higher velocity at the sacrifice of accuracy ? None . Now I 'm back to the tapered bands and my accuracy has returned .
 I am very happy with the purchase very good recommend the product and a good price . I hope to buy again thanks
 I bought this as a birthday present for my son . He loves it . He plays in the backyard for hours .
 this slingshot feels great , better than most foldable slingshots but the pink bands are buns . they pull back waay too far and your amo may hit the frame of your sling shot . i have Trumark black heavy pull bands on mine and it is way better . the pink bands are better off for children
 This product works nicely . The most dificult part I encountered was elevating the stretch-cord device a bit above the pool 's coping stone so that my feet would n't kick it while swimming . The instructions advised installing/anchoring the device `` as low to the water level as possible ... '' to reduce the chance of risk.I anchored my cord to a pop-up peg used to secure the winter pool cover , then placed one of my kids ' float noodles at the edge of the pool . Viola ! the increased height was just enough to keep my feet from contacting the strectch-cord . Works GREAT !
 Works great ! For beginning or intermediate swimmers the 15lb cord would be much more appropriate . Comfortable to use , great workout . This product is designed for a strong swimmer because the resistance ramp of the cord is fairly steep . Perfect for a backyard pool .
 I purchased this product , not realizing it was sold by Swim2000 instead of Amazon itself . Swim 2000 marked my item as shipped shortly after ordering which was a blantant lie . More than a week later I finally received a tracking number but the carrier does n't show that the item has been received from the seller . Maybe someday this thing will arrive , but I ' not holding my breath .
 I am very happy with this product - I was skeptical as to whether it would really work well and provide decent resistance but it is much stronger than I expected and helps you get a good swim workout at a very reasonable price .
 I love this style of watch because the band tucks underneath . This is my second watch of this style as the first one finally broke -LRB- the band -RRB- after several years of hard use . The only thing I would change about this watch is the color . It is the color of salmon , and not a very pretty shade .
 These are such better quality than the original air hockey strikers i got with the table ! Thanks for the quick shipment !
 This skimmer is made of aluminum , and flexes nicely when skimming the pool water . I should get many years of service . It 's a good investment .
 this leaf skimmer does what it made to do , skim the top of the water for leafs and other debree !
 Well made , and far better priced than ones of similar or lesser quality that are being sold at my local pool supply shop . ~ Rusty
 Perfect fit for my Smith & Wesson 38 special . Comfortable so that I forget I have it with me on my belt.Good price and excellent workmanship . This product is more than satisfactory to expectations I wanted .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I wear this T-Shirt as an undershirt and it 's excellent . The fabric is smooth and soft and it holds its shape extremely well . It 's a really well made shirt for the price that it is being sold for . I would n't hesitate to buy a few , because this T-Shirt really is a staple in any wardrobe , especially if you wear it as an undershirt .
 Will this fit an AK 74 ? I just bought one and I 'm considering adding a sight to it . Thanks for reading and responding
 it was either new , or as new .
 I bought this item a few days ago , and it just arrived today . It did n't fit , I own a yugo M70AB2 and it was just 3/8 of an inch too long . This receiver cover is 9 3/8 inches , and my M70AB2 receiver cover is 9 inches exactly . I mean , I am not sore about the purchase , I 'm gon na fit it to my rifle . But I just wanted to let potential buyers out there know they should measure before they buy . Once I fit it , it will make a great addition to my rifle . It is a very nice cover , the rails are very nice . But like I said , just make sure it 's the right fit . If you 're comfortable with modifying it , then this would be a great buy . But if not , you may want to find another one .
 This fit perfect . All i had to do was dremel the square hole bottom a tad bit . Super tight , no rattle i just bought a red dot and it is secure to rifle . no problems so far . didint have to use the two allen bolts to secure . bottom line for the romanian wasr 10 its a perfect match !
 Hey i saw some of the other reviews on the this ak cover and was sceptical in buying it but i did and turned out better then i expected . I have a Wasr 10 Ak47 and all i had to do was hammer the back lip of the cover under the square hole a little bit so it falls in place , i also had to grind a little portion of the square hole on the bottom where the square button pops out , i did this took about 10 min all together and it went right on . Great Ak top cover !
 It seems to work quite well on my inter ordinance AK-47 with very minor filing on the hole on the back . Does n't wobble at all .
 Fits really well on my stamped reciever the adjustment screws take up slack in cover to keep scope true , However you need to use medium locktite on the before mentiond screws , they have a tendency to loosen .
 The tri - rail scope mount was better than I expected . It required a little work to make it rigid but it is a nicw accessary . I say it is worth the money and I would buy it again .
 i had to weld a little nub on it so it wouldnt move and it is great holds zero with my scope alll the time you may need to do a little work but its worth it
 Worked good after a little filing . To get the cover to slip all the way in I had to file the opening for the catch to slp all the way through . Easy fix .
 Required a little fitting but that goes without saying . Has worked well with laser and red dot I have on it .
 This is an excellent replacement cover for the AK47 Rifle . It permits the addition of a scope and/or other accessories to the rifle with ease . This is a very good upgrade and I wholey recommend it !
 I was worried about for my SAR-1 romanian AK initially , but the receiver cover was cut to exact specifications and fit like a glove . Word of advice to everyone , dont get discouraged if it doesnt want to seat right away the tightener screws in the back can be removed and it will seat instantly , then just replace them once the receiver cover is installed for security .
 Heavier guage than original reveiver cover . Using Aim Sports Tactical Dual Ill red-dot . Added tactical light on the side . Replaced rear cap-screws with headless set screws .
 This cover with scope mounting rail system was an excellent purchase and for the price it cost it was more than i expected.I look forward to shopping for more parts in the future .
 This rail mounts on my AK 47 so it can except a scope . I did have to file down a few spots so it would fit better , really not much of a big deal .
 i am very happy with the product i ordered . i was supposed to wait 4-6 days for shipping but it was shipped the next day . i then recieved it 2 days later . it is exactly as it was in the picture . i am a happy customer and i will shop here again .
 It looks great , and was delivered quickly . It looks like I will be able to make it work . I am not giving it 5 stars because it does n't fit right onto the AK . It does say on the box however , it may take a little &#34; filing &#34; to get it to fit snugly , so ... It gets 4 of 5 because of the extra work involved in getting it to fit on my AK .
 worth the money , an easy way to be able to mount a scope on your AK . Still able to use the iron sights
 Overall I am satisfied with this product . It 's made well , sturdy and reliable . It does n't fit my AKMS perfectly however , I had to file it down a little so that it would sit flush . Not a big deal . You may need a small metal file that you can pick up at any hardware store .
 Really nice top cover . Solid build . Would definitely recommend if looking for an easy way to add accessories to your AK .
 Length wise , fits a 94 MAk 90 like a glove ... Very sloppy on the sides , would rock left or right several millimeters !!! With a plastic mallet , was able to snug up the fit ! Do n't need the silly Allen screws now to keep it square ! They did ad material behind the holes for some added threads as some have suggested , not perfect ... May need to trim it back with Dremo Tool ? Happy ? Heck ya !!!
 This receiver cover fit great on my AMD 65 Hungarian AK 47 . Sturdy , solid , and great place for my scope .
 This cover turned out great after a little machine work to contour the fit . Had to remove a small amount of the cover where it meets the top of the reciever toward the gas tube . After the minor machine work it Butts up nice and tight and hold my scope at zero with no problem what so ever .
 I got this for my air-soft gun , this is for a real AK . Its only off by 3/8 '' for me but if you have a real AK47 get it its great I have a Red dot that I got from the same company and its beautiful . I sent an email to the company thinking they were describing it wrong and they called me back in a few hours . Offered me a refund and even gave me a name of another company that might be selling the top cover that works . He even gave me some ideas to modify to fit it to my gun.This will fit all AK-47 's Enjoy
 after reading reviews i was a little iffy about buying it . . reviews qoted repeatedly that the rail was screwed to the reciver cover and would always comes lose ... they must have fixed tat problem cause mine came riveted and solid as a rock ... so with that alone made me very happy the second thing was the shipping ... A + + + + + i paid for standard shippping and 2 days later had it . . yes there is some minor mod to be done but for 17 bucks . . GROW A PAIR stop complaining and and do a little work.its not a 100 dollar upgrade its not gunna be perfect right out the box ... all in all im very happy \ \ \
 Overall I am happy with this purchase . I had to do a little modification in the form of some filing but nothing major .
 I bought it as a no-risk proposition since I have two AK 's and I assumed it would fit at least one . It did , it fit my Bulgarian AK -LRB- milled receiver -RRB- with just a little filing to the top of the square hole that holds the recoil spring assembly . Two screws kept it tight and held steady during shooting . Also kept the zero -LRB- like 1/2 min adjustment needed -RRB- after taking the cover out for cleaning and resetting.Did not fit AT ALL my Romanian stamped receiver , it felt like it was maybe 50 mils too long for it and would require a lot of filing.The problem is not this cover , is the loose standards between the many AK factories . By requiring some fitting it insures tightness . It looks nice , with matte color that matches more AKs and the rails are very straight and aligned . Quality feels great for the price . Also easier to remove for 922r peace of mind.Planning to buy another one and try harder with my Romanian . Definitively not for you if you are not willing to tinker a little with it .
 I got this and its very tight . Does n't move a mm . I also like that you can look through the center of the rail and still use your iron sights .
 I have a saiga 7.62 so I got this item , it does say fitting needed and just a little tool work later it fit like a glove . If you want it to fit out of the box buy something else .
 This product was well worth the price.The m1913 mounts are VERY well attached.Upon receipt of the cover , I installed it thinking the 4mm screws were not needed , But I was wrong.The screws REALLY help with any side to side movement upon firing of the weapon with the use of an Holo sight the screws ARE Needed.I did cut them down to length -LRB- about 4.5 mm long -RRB- they came a standard 10mm in length.They still worked , but just were a little long for my taste . I just made them look as good as they functioned.Some slight burring was needed in the inside of the receiver cover . -LRB- Where the tapped 4mm sockethead screws tighten down -RRB- .
 sled on perfect , any one thinking it needs to be fitted does not know what they are doing . Take your time , it will go on without any fitting , once you get it on screw in the screw to tighten up the play . DO NOT crank on the screws , just snug and check for play slowly . Once installed it is very solid . Good luck
 Okay let me say first of all that before buying this product I read every single review and after I thought , `` why would people be trying to use this for any type of magnified scope . '' If you know your AK you obviously know that the dust cover will not hold zero even if you put a giant C clamp holding it , at least not for long . This product was very inexpensive so I decided to give it a go . Recieved the item very fast as always with amazon and it came in a fancy NCstar box . Along with the cover it comes with an allen tool to tighten the two set screws on the back to hold it firmly to the AK . Okay now it came time to install it and this is what I was worried about after reading all the reviews on modifications people had to do . Popped my old cover off and slapped the new one in , took all of 45 seconds . No modifications needed . Fit like a glove . I have a WASR-10 / 63 by the way . I just added a little medium strenth loctite to the set screws on back and gently tightened . Do not over tighten these 2 screws becuse you WILL damage the threads . All you need it a little loctite and they will hold , I do n't know why people torque these tiny screws . Okay so I went with a 1x Red dot sight on top and took it out to the range . Let me just add that this rail just looks cool as hell also . After aligning my sight let me say this rail performed very well for what i used it for . I was hitting basketball size targets all day at 100 yards . If you were to install a powered scope and try to hit golf balls at 200 yards I wouldnt recommend this type of rail . But if your just looking to hit man size targets 200 yards and in I say its perfect .
 I got this to start reducing weight on the far end of my ak I moved my holographic site to upper receiver much better
 I 'll have to say that I was really impressed with what a quality rail set up this is . It went on with no fitting on my part . Locks up real tight and even has a two slot rail , on the right and left sides , that can be easily removed . Well worth it , even at twice the price .
 To all the yehoo 's that ca n't use a simple metal file to open the Recoil Spring button hole ' that took me 2 minutes to do . They should find another hobby . If you own a cheap AK then you get what you pay for . This fits perfectly on my Saiga after the slight adjustment and I am no gunsmith .
 This is really the best alternative for Romanian underfolders where the collapsible stock prohibits use of the traditional on-the-receiver side mounts.Product is composed of thicker , more rigid steel than the original top cover - as per the instructions some filing -LRB- less than 1 mm -RRB- was necessary for proper fit . Filing off the front surface a little at a time -LRB- although not mandatory , working with the gas piston/recoil spring/removal button assembly removed makes repeated fittings easier -RRB- provided a really close fit . Additionally once installed , the threaded holes two rear screws which have reinforcing backing plates welded on the inside of the stamping help to take up any wobble from the spring fit top mount . It is best to tighten these knurled screws with recessed Allen key only by hand ... they do not screw `` into '' the stamped receiver and act only as wedges when tightened ... since the threaded holes are only twice the thickness of the body -LRB- stamping + welded plate -RRB- if not careful you might overtorque with the enclosed Allen wrench and strip the threads.Because the initial fit was tight after filing to size , I was able to get sufficient tightness to reliably mount a scope . Not sure how a really heavy scope would fare because I used a cheap .22 zoom scope to keep the weight down ... smaller scope mounts fit the side rail rather than the top rail of the adapter which keeps the iron sights clear for adjustment if you alternatively choose to use them without dismounting the scope adapter and replacing the original cover , also the lower profile fits easily in the smaller fitted carry case ... luckily , the smaller scope seems to take the heavier recoil without damage.Excellent solution for my particular situation , especially at around $ 16 with free Prime shipping
 fits with no problems . only had to oil the receiver hole in the back to slip the spring in other then that loving it .
 Solidly built product with just enough flex in it for making it fit your weapon . It was a little loose for my AMD-65 but with a little work -LRB- bending and polishing -RRB- it fits tight with minimal movement while working the gun . The mounts are solid and tight fitting on the cover . A very good buy .
 perfect fit ! I was suprised how well the piece fit . No rattle or anything . Price was very reasonable . My red dot fits right on it too .
 I was very surprised by the quality of the product for the price . Well made from steel and aluminum and the channel down the center is awesome for using the iron sights . Had about 5 minutes of work with a dremel because the square hole for the recoil spring was just off by a hair . It 's mounted and I 'm totally happy with it
 Let me start off by saying that I have a little bit of a metalworking background . So I 'm good at making cuts and bends.Although the dustcover/scope mount was not a perfect fit , it certainly was not far off . I have a Chinese MAK 90 -LRB- milled -RRB- . I had to bend it inward so it would fit a little tighter and widen the takedown button hole . After about 20 minutes of bending and fitting my dustcover was solid as a rock . There was no wiggle side to side or front to back . I have no doubt this will provide a solid base for any scope -LRB- within reason -RRB- . Advice :1 . Find a 4 inch vice or an equivalent hobby vice . or a good pair of bending pliers .2 . When bending only make small bends and check the fit on the gun after each .3 . You should follow the same guidelines when filing . Only take off minor amounts of material and check the fit on the gun in between each increment .4 . On the top frontward portion of the dustcover there is a metal bracket held by two screws . I did not read the instructions , however I believe this is meant to put tension down on the base of the rear site . It works that way anyways . Mine had to be bent down a little , so that it would eliminate any up and down movement . This is best accomplished by placing it in a vice and making small bends with test fitting in between each . Make sure to take it off the dust cover and bend it independently.As all you AK owners know , there are many variants . And it is impossible to make a product that will fit all of them . Also , you ca n't expect a company to make 100 variations and still manage to sell an item for under $ 20 . Having said all this and accounting for cost , quality , and finished product -LRB- after minor bending and filing -RRB- , this product produces a very stable base with quality functioning rails and thus receives five stars in my opinion .
 Needed a rail mount for my ak47 that would rise over the weapon sights and this mount fit the bill just fine . Quality is even better than the original receiver . I had to stone down the front of the receiver , just a hair , as well as , file the slot a pinch for the receiver spring handle to snap out , but , this is more the fault of how these weapons are made , than this reciever cover . Still worth the money and the stars .
 I purchased this for my Century WASR 10 AK 47 . When I received it , I was actually surprised to find that it felt heavier and sturdier than my stock cover . It snapped right into place and looks great . The rail is a tad too long and makes for a snug fit against the stock sights but that is nothing big .
 good product works great but requirs some filing in the front end and on the mount screws on the in side for it to fit well on my romanian ak 47
 I got the cover and was happy to install it . A friend recommended it to me . His was an ` insert and go ' . This one took some tweeking . First it is n't as black as my M+M AK . I had to Dremel out the square hole a bit and file off the front since it was about a 1/16 '' too long . I 'm not disappointed overall . For about $ 18 it 's what I 'd expect . If it were more money I 'd send it back.When I got it installed and tightened up it seemed to fit well . Have to take it to the range and see how tight is remains after a few hundred rounds.FYI I got it for my Aimpoint red dot .
 We use these to hold hardware for different installation applications . We have 16 in use currently . They get sat on , stood on , dropped , thrown in vans , etc , . . and they still hold up . Some of our subcontractors have inquired about the cost to have us build these for them . Easily the best , most rugged tackle box on the market .
 I purchased this after seeing a couple of fellow scrapbookers with them at scrapping events . I think it is great for housing all those little items , like brads , eyelets and other embellishments , in one compact place . I just wish it came with wheels .
 I wish this system was n't all plastic but it is very useful with all of its compartments . It is also light to carry around .
 Es un caja muy bien contruidad e ideal para almacenar cientos de cosas no solo de pesca . Yo la compre para un Odontologo quien la utiliza para guardar todas sus herramientas mientras estudia y asegura que es la caja perfecta para esto .
 I have tried all the largest soft size bags out with the exception of the Cables super magnum bag which holds 12 3700 series boxes plus a couple others . I have used all of the guide series bags and a couple momore . They now belong to other people and I do n't miss them . I got a real good deal on this box 30 bucks to be exact . And now that I have it I would have pay almost 3 times that . My last bag had 5 3750 's 2 3600 series and 2 3500 's . I was able to fit most of my gear in this box . More than I will ever use in a trip out . The storage system in this box rivals any soft side . For those using a soft side you know what it 's like to get the boxes back in if you have a pole in one hand and trying to work with a bag clasping . The storage areas for the boxes are separated so they slide out individually of each other . When your passing 3 or 4 boxes around the boat this makes it a breeze to put it all back at the end of the day . The second compartment has a good amount of space . I have a tub of stick bait -LRB- very well sealed -RRB- 13 bottles of Berkeley power bait trout 2 jars of eggs 4 jars of grapple nibbles a spray bottle of flavor a bottle of sun block a bottle of tylenol a pair of fishing pliers 2 pairs of hemo 's a 3500 series double side box and a few packs of power bait worms of the such . I still have a little room not much but that 's a good about of room . Then you still have the top clear smoked plastic to fill not including the sinner bait rack that will hold 21 spinners . I took the bottom spinner box out of the bottom and put 4 3500 series boxes in it . If you get the right ones they fit great and opens up you storage arrangements . This box is pretty stout . I 'm not exactly tiny at 265lbs and when at a pond or bank fishing I have used it as a seat . Not really recommended bit it will hold up . As far as durability goes the plastic in the extreme cold will break if you leave it open and step pneumonia it . But one call to Plan and 4-5 days later and there will be a new one at your door free of charge . Only one time has this happened and it was in the teens and the small front compartment door got broke cause of was not shut like it was supposed to be . This box has a lifetime warranty on it if the plastic hinges or doors or anything else happens , after dealing with plan one time I am sure that they will stand behind there products . Another I have a plan tackle box that is 30 plus years old and has plastic catches on it and they have never broke . All in all I would say with out a doubt that this is the best tackle box on the market at this time . I would n't recommend this if you are back packing in some where or buck half way around the lake . I usually carry a pill bottle to throw a couple extra hooks and things to rig up again and throw it in my pocket and leave the box on the back of my truck if I plan on walking far .
 GREAT BUY ! Just like boats , there is n't a perfect one , but this one comes close . The dividers fit snug into the smaller containers keeping hooks/swivels and smaller tackle out of other slots ! Angled dividers make storing the spoons and longer lures more efficient . With the numerous amounts of sizing slots you can create storage areas from 1/8 inch to the width or the container , so each lure can have it 's very own spot . Which means NO MORE TANGLED TACKLE and countless hours of unhooking lures from each other . Durable contruction and user friendly design . A must buy for anyone who 's trying consolidate tackle into one box .
 The box worked well for what I needed . Fits everything with extra space . Using for my new e-cig rigs and equipment . Was a little slow on shipping
 the Plano 7771 box is of a good design , light weight and has lots and lots of room for all your fishing tackle . You WILL NEVER BUY another box again . AMAZON had the best price , they beat Walmart , Kmart , and my local fishing stores.and do n't forget the free freight and it gets to you fast too .
 I really like this tackle box . Before this , I was using a soft tackle bag , with plano organizers set inside . This allows for a bit more durability and more room than I had before too . There is plenty of storage , currently I still have 2 and 3/4 of the included organizers empty . It 's nice because I can have all of my tackle in one place , so if I want to switch things up , or I have both my poles with me , I can change my approach without digging around in a whole bunch of places . The storage under the lid is great too . I have extra line , my filet knife , packaged soft-baits , and a box with hooks and sinkers in it , with room to spare . And the door on the right is a great place for all my powerbait and other things like salmon eggs , or whatever fits ! One gripe I have about this model is the design of the plano boxes . I have another plano branded box I use to organize a board game , and there is a small lip recessed into the organizers like a handle , making it very easy to pull out with one hand . Not so much with this one , If I have my line in one hand , and want to dig for another lure , it 's a bit frustrating.Overall though , I must say this is an awesome tackle box , and I would highly recommend it .
 Used this for gun cleaning supplies and spare parts . Everything fit perfectly with plenty of space left over . Still have an empty tray for adding more stuff .
 we are organized fisherman now ! like the sixpence as we have multiple boats and it 's great for out small aluminum boat and soes not take up too much room .
 I really like this tacklebox , Its very good with alot of storage to store all your tackle.I am a pond hopper sometimes and its not that hard to carry , this product would have been much more better if it had side storage for more items.But overview i love this tacklebox , its easy to access anything you need.I deffently recommend this product .
 I got one of these as a gift from my husband for a sewing box kit . LOVE it . Outstanding quality . Turns out he got one from ME that I purchased for him for his small electronics stuff on his desk . He loves his too !
 This box has enough space for everything you need , and you can pull out a tray if you are on the go . I like that your power bate will fit right in the top without falling over .
 Very cool tackle box-durable and able to hold plenty of gear . Waterproof and tight locks make it a great buy .
 This box has a lot of room . I use it to store a game I have called Descent . I really like it .
 This box is for someone that forgets his keys in the boat , gets the cell phone wet , the box has great storage and light weight .
 Bought this for my 15 year old son for Christmas . He spent half the day arranging and rearranging the gear from his old smaller tackle boxes into this one . Has lots of space to hold everything you could possible need .
 This is a good , large tackle box . As other reviewers have noted , it does not contain all of the internal storage compartments pictured and is brown , not grey . Also , the internal storage it does contain , both built into the box and the included removable containers , are not assembled - individual plastic tabs must be folded/cut and inserted into all of slots in order to create any compartmentalized storage . Not a huge deal , but a bit of a pain . All in all , satisfied . Holds all of my tackle with room to spare , and appears well made so far .
 Ordered this as a gift for my fisherman husband . He really likes it . We 'll see how it holds up under next summer 's fishing . It is roomy and well organized . The plastic latches are a bit tricky , but hold fine .
 This box is very durable and has nice storage compartments for assorted tackle . I 've used it extensively and it has held up very well !
 Ok , I got this for my daughter who is a bead-a-holic and loves making necklaces and bracelets . While this use is atypical of its original design it fits the bill perfectly for her . Tons of storage space and the ability to add extra organizers under the lid and in the right hand pocket make this the perfect storage case . The quality is exactly what I expect out of a Plano product as well , solid and durable from the start . The only thing that is a little quirky to me is the latches , personally I would of preferred separate one for the face and the lid but the combo is something that one can get accustomed to . Now to see how well it holds up over time .
 This is a great tackle box if you have a ton of tackle that needs to be organized and brought along for extended fishing trips . As for capacity it 's one of the larger tackle storage systems you will find and at this price the best overall value for your investment . As other reviews stated you only get the one 3500 box along with the four 3700 boxes . I bought the spinner bait box and use it for my bags of plastic baits so I can have more room to store hooks , leaders and all other terminal tackle in the bulk storage area.The issue I have with this box is the latches , the bottom and the top latches should have been offset . It can be awkward and down right difficult to open the top to get to the bulk storage area with one hand . The proximity of the top and bottom latches is really the cause of this annoyance . The bottom latches are not an issue to open but when the front door is opened and placed on a level surface you done have much clearance for the bottom tray to pull out cleanly every time . This concerns me as I can see it somehow getting cracked or worn looking quick if its opened on uneven surfaces over time . I think it could have been avoided if Plano just increased the height of the base by a centimeter.Overall I would still give this a 5 rating because of the amount of storage along with design . Keep in mind that the 3700 boxes that come with this box are thinner than the ones you find most commonly in stores and will not accommodate these larger 3700 series boxes.If you need storage for tackle this is the best box you will find right now
 I had this tackle box for many years ; I think I bought it in 2002 or 2003 . It served me very well as an organizer for all kinds of craft supplies which I took out to friends ' houses , retreats , weekly groups , etc. . It 's heavy , but extremely well built . Shortly after I got it the top cracked but Plano replaced it free of charge , and I had no problems after that.I replaced the 4 Stowaways in the main compartment with 2 double-sided flip boxes , and the spinner box in the side can be replaced with 3 small Stowaways too.When moving from MA to CA in 2011 I made the mistake of leaving this behind for lack of room . BIG MISTAKE . I really wish I still had it and now I 'm considering shelling out for a replacement !
 This tackle box is great for the price . a lot of storage , very sturdy and durable . the down side is that it 's kinda big , and bulky , and with everything with lure and sinker , it 's heavy . this is good if you have a boat or something , this is not good if you travel a lot while fishing shore line . heavy , overall i like it very much , keep the lures and stuff organized .
 I use this for my r/c airplane hobby . Great to have all my small parts nicely organized anywhere I go . Plenty of room for all my batteries up top and tools too . Perfect hobby box .
 This was a fantastic item . I ordered this to use as storage and a travel case for all of my clay sculpting supplies . This thing was larger then I had expected it to be and now holds the following with several empty shelves to go :7 lbs of clay boxed into 1 lb packs each24 steel sculpting tools12 wire tools12 carving tools150 ' of 12g alum . wire50 ' of 16g alum . wire50 ' of 18g alum . wire25yards of green floral wirea total of 30 ' of small sq brass tube of varying dia . cut into 1 ' sectionsand SOO much more random things I carry with me or use to sculpt with.Bottom line I love this kit and have yet to find one drawback .
 This box is amazing . Fully loaded , I 've cleaned up about 100 bags of marine hardware , including all of my bolts , nuts , washers , specialty fasteners , crimp-clamps . But wait , there 's more ! Because of the size of the larger compartments , I have a welding iron , full sized fluke meter , LED flashlight , specialty electronic pliers , and solder in the front left compartment . Up above that particular compartment are things such as teflon tape , loctite , specialty screwdrivers , etc. . . Thank you to whomever read my mind on making this box .
 I was looking for a box to use as my field box for R/C airplanes and this box has been perfect . Anyone that is into the R/C airplane hobby knows you have a million little parts and pieces along with special tools , glues and lubricants . I am amazed at how much gear I can stuff in this thing ! The side compartment w / the small divider boxes was perfect for my small screws sets . I have had many storage type boxes but this is one of the few that was easy to fill and continuously use . Other boxes just never seemed to fit my needs . I have been using this for 3 years , it has held up very well and I could n't be happier . Thanks again Plano .
 I am an electronics major in college at this time . I got the 777 tackle box , which has 2 double layer trays that come out instead of 4 trays , to keep all of my electronic components together and organized . I have gotten a lot of complements on my box from other students . With the way I have things organized , I can easily find components when I need to use them . The larger compartments are perfect for some of my tools .
 Got this as a $ 50 lightening deal & love it more than I ever knew I would . I realize now that I actually could use two more of these . It is very large and roomy , and full of compartments . My inner OCD is over-joyed . Where has this thing been all my life ? Do yourself a favor , & get this !
 This works great for holding all of my R/C parts and tools . It just has enough room to hold all of my spare parts , charger , soldering iron , screw drivers , pliers , batteries and so much other odds and ends . I would recommend this to anyone that is serious about R/C cars and needs something to lug around all of their R/C stuff .
 This is a great box with lots of room , well made , sturdy and a great value . I combined 3 boxes into this one , with room to grow . The compartments are well laid out , and the trays are dividable . Get this box if you want the 4 separate slide in boxes , get the other 777 if you want 2 double height slide in boxes . I wanted 4 separate boxes . It also has 3 small boxes in the top section , which you can use or not .
 I bought this tackle box four years ago , to make a camp kitchen . I love the Plano tackle boxes , and thoroughly examined them all , as I had specific camping kitchen gear I need to pack . This one works like a charm . I removed the internal boxes , gave them to my husband for computer bits , and packed it up.The very top holds all my spices and small things , matches , etc -LRB- It is not waterproof here , so , I put in containers that WERE waterproof . -RRB- The shallow layer holds plates , water bag , larger cooking utensils . The right top pocket holds all the eating utensils . The largest compartment holds a small pressure cooker , a mixing bowl inside that , and 5 stainless steel bowls inside that . Underneath them is a chopping board . I also stuff in various potholders , towels , dishsoap , dishscrubbers . And finally , the bottommost right compartment is perfect for two large mugs.I am the envy of my camping friends who keep this all in a box . And , many friends have emulated my set up.It 's constantly packed and I just grab it and go when it is time to get away!It is also sturdy , and tough . It has been banged about on constant trips for 4 years , and I 've never had a problem with the latches , or ?
 Lots , lots and lots of storage space , kind of short on space for other items not usually stored in utility boxes but the top boxes can be removed if additional space is required ; Large size and can be heavy when loaded ; Great item if you do n't need a highly portable tackle box . FYI ... Night Stalker III light will not fit in this box ; plastic exterior compartment latching method could be better but under lifetime warrenty .
 My boyfriend is an avid fisherman . Of all the gifts I 've given him , this was definitely his favorite .
 but not exactly as pictured . One of the main photos shows a clear , tall bait box in the lower right side compartment -LRB- # 3503 spinner bait box -RRB- which was not included . Mine had four 3701 boxes as pictured , and three of the smaller 3500 boxes as pictured.UPDATE
 I do not fish . I actually purchased two of these tackle boxes for storing my Star Wars gaming minis . There is lots of storage and plenty of space . The removable draws help me organize my minis and bring them with me when I game at my friends homes.My only complaint is that the picture looks like there should be a storage container in the lower right hand space and when I opened mine up , there was no container included . Oh well , it 's a giant wide open space so I 'm not complaining too much.Overall , a great buy for the price -LRB- $ 52.99 is what I paid each -RRB- and I would recommend it for any gamer looking to add storage at a reasonable price .
 This is a great tackle box for all freshwater fishing . Put in your plastic worms , crank baits , spinners in the four utility boxes , put in your spinner baits in the right side of the tackle box , put in your tools and pliers in the white lid compartment , and put in your ready-to-fish lures and hooks in the very top lid which you can see through on the day you go fishing . With so many compartments and utility boxes , this has to be the best freshwater tackle box available !!! If you fill it up completely , it does get heavy if you do n't mind , otherwise this is your best investment for your trout , bass , crappie fishing . It ca n't carry big muskie lures , that 's for a big game tackle box , but everything else , this is your one stop tackle box for all freshwater fishing !!! I have seen just about all the freshwater tackle boxes out there , THIS IS THE BEST ONE !!!
 I had just started in the AV Integration market and was looking for a good toolbox to hold all the many small connectors , parts , screws , bolts , BNC and Tools . And this box filled that need perfectly . I have almost every inch of this box full and used.Only downside is the top lid . When it 's full and heavy when you open it , it stats to fall back and it bends the plastic hinge stops . After having it fall back a few times , i stopped keeping it open . I 've also used it heavily , sitting on it in front of racks as a small stool as well as stepping on it for a foot stool.It 's great because it can hold an additional 6 divided boxes in the main area . under that white flip lid -LRB- which is handy to open instead of the whole top -RRB- i have most my tools , and the large pull out box , all my small torches , portable soldering irons , solder ect.i recommend this toolbox for anyone who uses small parts as well as tools .
 I bought the Plano 7771 to replace a decades old dinosaur of a tackle box that finally outlived it 's usefulness . The storage tray system offers unlimited possibilities for all the fishing tackle you may have . What was overstuffed in the old tackle box is now neatly organized in the Plano !
 I actually purchased this tackle box/system to be used as a way to store spare parts/tools for my various radio control vehicles.I will say , it 's much larger than I anticipated , but in the end , it is absolutely perfect . I do n't see myself running out of room in this thing for years.Extra organizer trays are easy to find and I could even fit a few more of the smaller ones in the top than it comes with.This is my first experience with Plano and I can say with absolute certainty , I will be a customer again .
 Plano 7771 Guide Series Tackle SystemThis is my first review on Amazon and I am doing it since I read many other reviews before purchasing and I hope my comments will help others . THE BAD
 We needed a replacement for our Plano 777 and they no longer sell that model this is the closest one we could find to match it . We use this to hold our tools and supplies for an onsite business and it works perfectly . The only difference in the two different tackle boxes were the slide in drawers and they had a box in the larger compartment however that wasnt a problem for us we still had the other ones from the 777 and they all fit in perfectly . We use this daily for work and they last for years really nice product .
 Bought this for my husband who is an avid fisherman and he absolutely loved it . It came with multiple storage boxes for lures , he was very happy about that since some tackle boxes do not provide them and they must be purchased separately . This is an ample tackle box with plenty of storage capability .
 The Plano 7771 is an amazing tackle box . First thing is that it 's huge . If you ca n't fit everything you have in this , then you have way to much stuff . Mine only came with 1 little box and no spinnerbait box . But no problem I would n't of used it anyways . The spinnerbait racks and are very sturdy and strong . The 4 big boxes it comes with are very large and have plenty of space inside them . Can fit crankbaits and worms perfectly inside with no issue . I recommend this to anyone looking for a large tackle box .
 My husband uses this as a toolbox for his car , and there really is n't anything better for that purpose . Once he had put a hefty amount of tools in it , it started to break down a little -LRB- the top cover , handle , and latches mainly -RRB- , but for organizational purposes it ca n't be beat , and it 's lasted over 5 years already -LRB- and he uses it quite a bit -RRB- . It is perfect for wrenches and sockets -LRB- at least for car tool purposes -RRB- . He says the only thing he would change is to make it out of steel instead . Maybe Plano should branch into the tool box business .
 I do n't see any problems with the box so far . Latches could be better but they seem to be durable enough to last a long time . Wish they included more plano boxes to fit inside , only 5 come with the box so I had to buy more .
 I purchased this product with a specific goal in mind.It was not for fishing . I fly RC Helicopters and the amount of parts , tools and specialized items can easily get out of hand.I had 3 different fishing tool boxes before . I needed to have my equipment better organized.After researching many fishing type box manufacturers , I found the Piano 7771 Tackle Box perfect for for my needs.I was able to put all my equipment in one place , have it organized , and have extra space to grow.The quality and flexibility of this item is , as advertised.I have recommended it to many of my RC helicopter club members .
 My husband loves it . He had a great time putting the drawer dividers in and organizing his stuff . His tackle box really impressed his buddies and he could find everything he needed . Thank you !
 Like most fishermen , I have to much tackle . Way to much . But if your in the middle of a large lake and it 's the one day of the week , or even month that you get to fish , you do n't want to go back to shore to get a lure or jig that you need . I wanted something that would hold the contents of all three of my tackle boxes . The Plano Guide Series 777 offers the capacity and the organization to have all the tackle you need at your fingertips . It includes 2-4700 two-tier utility boxes that slide into the front compartment and which you can organize and take without the rest of the system . This is convenient if your bank fishing . You also get 1-3504 spinnerbait box with 3 removable bait racks and it has a separate access door in front as well . A Huge top access area with DuraView plastic lens for your larger lures . Included is three 2-3500 ProLatch utility boxes that fit inside the large storage area . The only draw back is the weight , about 10 lbs empty . But if your going to put the contents of three boxes into one , you would expect it to be heavy . This is a very large tackle box . It is made for the serious fishermen . If your looking for a `` Complete Tackle System '' , this just might be for you .
 This is a great box with tons of different options . I switched from an old Quantum PT Soft Tackle Box . I love the large Plano Stowaway Spinnerbait box in the Right side for holding spinner baits and buzz baits , which I use almost exclusively up here in the Upper Pennisula of Michigan . The two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Plano Guide Two-Tier Utilitypull out boxes are great too and hold tons of stuff . The top and the bottom of those pull-outs open for lots of options . I bought my box at Dunhams Sports for $ 50 and it included two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Plano Liqui-Bait Lockerswhich are great for holding liquid baits and for keeping scented baits fresh . This box also comes with three -LRB- 3 -RRB- Plano Prolatch baitholdersin the top for even more storage . The top right access panel can hold tools and other gear or you can use the three dividers provided and use that as a second deep well bait holder for spinnerbaits and the like . The handle is very rugged and feels like I could drag a tank with it ! I would definatly recommend this box .
 i have had many small tackle boxes and decided it was time to get a really nice one . i ordered this on amazon and i absolutly love it !! it has SO much room for my lures , line and all kinds of baits , many small and large compartments , PLENTY of space , its just all in all an amazing box ! i just had to get used to carrying it lol . if you like small boxes that you can take anywhere , this one is still for you ! it has two slide out , double sided boxes in the front that you can take anywhere ! i would recomend this tackle box for anyone ! i love it !
 Nice box . Get it for $ 40 at wally world . do n't get gouged here . Its the exact same unit .
 I use this box to house all my firearm cleaning supplies . It is great for that purpose . It has a slide out box that perfectly holds the cleaners and lubes . It is also large enough to hold supplies for all my different firearm supplies .
 The Plano 777 is the most exciting container I have ever seen - for scrapbooking items ! As you must know , scrapbooking by tons of women -LRB- and a few men -RRB- is the rage hobby of the past 3-5 years . Those who are in the know get on the train and make paraphenalia for this purpose . At a recent Scrapper 's Dream Vacation -LRB- a 3-day scrapbooking event held in Lancaster , PA my friend Michelle G. had the Plano 777 . She demonstrated the fine points of this tackle box . It is large , and has the best containers and spaces one could want to store embellishments , glues , scissors , fibers , stamps and inks , and you name it ! The top opens first to store the items you need the most . The second layer opens for more items ; and when it comes to embellishments -LRB- there are hundreds of thousands available in scrapbook stores -RCB- there is more than enough space for all you may have . There are see-through compartment containers with such secure lids that they can be turned over and all your brads , eyelets , charms , and tiny other items will NOT fall out . There are several layers of these boxes . Then , on the right lower side is a rectangular case that can be removed , and inside are sections that can accommodate your fibers that need to be wound , or it would hold your photos . This tackle box has so many neat areas to store things , your imagination is the only thing holding you back . It will help you to get your scrapbooking items out of all the smaller cases you might be toting around to `` crop '' parties , and get them all organized in one fell swoop . It is sturdy , with a strong handle . Please , Plano people ... put them in our scrapbook stores ! You wo n't be able to stock them fast enough . Thank goodness Amazon has them !
 Made a great gift for a young man that graduated Junior High . He was proud of it and it was just wonderful .
 My son was heartbroken when airport security confiscated his Angler Multitool on a recent fishing adventure . Having no time to take the knife to the car before boarding , the knife went into the collection bin . Once through the gate , I turned to see one of the security agents fish the tool -LRB- pun intended -RRB- out of the bin and put it into his pocket . I 'm sure this was an isolated event but it shows the desirability of the Angler . Sitting waiting for the plane , I went on-line and ordered a new knife from my iPhone and had it sent to our vacation residence . The look on my son 's face when he oppened the box was worth effort . Thanks Amazon!If you like fishing , this belongs in your tackle box and is a great gift that is well made and durable . No regrets here .
 Useful , utterly reliable . In other words , just like all their products . I wo n't go fishing without it . It has exactly all the tools you need ; works perfectly ; and belongs on every fishing trip . I had to get one for the Mrs. so I could escape the dog house .
 I received this Swiss Army Angler pocket knife for my birthday . It is a wonderful pocket knife for fishing . I clipped it onto my fishing vest . The blade is a nice size and the other items , such as the scaler work well . As with most Swiss Army knives , I would highly recommend this knife for any fisherman . Its hard to beat for the price !
 I placed this jake decoy behind a ready hen and there was no stopping the big tom I got from coming in . Delta makes extremely life like decoys . I have been using a ready hen and feeding hen for years . Adding this jake to my flock was deadly . I would highly recommend this product .
 This sleeping bag is perfect for sleeping in cold temperatures . But in hot weather , it makes you sweat . This should be used on temperatuers between 60 degrees and 30 degrees .
 I have used this sleeping bag only once so far , but it was really cozy . The pillow is small but comfortable . I slept really well . Temperature outside was about 50F . I also think it 's very attractive , if that matters . We will probably buy a second one .
 This sleeping bag is warm , good looking , easy to fold and easy to use and easy to carry , clever design .
 Its cozy , warm and a an alternate bed for visiting guests ; -RRB-
 If you have worked on marine electrics , you have cut and stripped a wire to find that it had water intrusion which corroded the copper strands . It is impossible to solder and you would be irresponsible to attach a crimp connector to corroded wire , due to voltage drop and resistance heating.Every strand of Ancor wire is tin plated to reduce corrosion . It solders beautifully , bends easily , and has a rugged sheath . It is expensive , but cheaper than ripping out yards of corroded plain copper wire every couple of years .
 A must for any small boat wiring project . Order arrived promptly , product as described . Do n't mess around with anything but the real thing , Ancor marine grade tinned copper wiring , for any wiring project that will be exposed to the elements , vibration and pounding that it will see on your small boat , whether fresh water or salt .
 This was for a secondary bilge pump setup . Works well and sealed routed easily . Boat did n't sink and nobody died , so that was a bonus .
 For the DIYer this is a great buy . Quality wire for a reasonable price . Great for auto and boat projects . Get a repair manual and spool of wire and save big bucks .
 As described and seems to be doing the job -LRB- all of a couple of weeks so far -RRB- . A 4 for now until I see how well it holds up .
 Name brand -LRB- Anchor -RRB- wire is notoriously expensive in boat/marine stores . This was the best price I could find for this gauge wire .
 Purchased to wire up my boat with 12v lights and fittings . The tinned wire is found right throughout and well coated and good consistent electrical insulated cover . Works fine on my boat and happy with quality all round .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 A very good knife for the price , should bring years of service .
 This type of storage box was hard to find , so I was delighted to find it on Amazon.com . I bought three of these boxes for gifts for my grandsons to be used as tackle boxes when they fished . It 's lightweight and small , but big enough to carry enough tackle for an outing . I am very pleased with my purchases .
 I had one of these in the smaller size and love it . I thought I was buying more of the same . I did n't read the dimensions . These are about the size of a piece of computer paper . Just make sure that 's what you want before you buy . They are a great box though !
 this box is a small tackle box that has 2 see through sides so you can see what lures are in it making it easy to grab the right box
 Wife needed a replacement sewing box and this fit the bill . Roomy and well divided . Only issue is the quality of the hinges . Seem a little sloppy .
 I purchased this product because I needed something small yet functional for my needs . It is big enough for quick day trips without the bulk . Recommended !
 this product works well . just keep the strap loos around your foot so you can pull it out fast for a emergency . the only problem i had is on of the rivets that held the strap to the peddle that rapped around my foot fell off . i used a zip Tye as a replacement rivet .
 These are an excellent addition to your bicycle . They really do make a difference in riding , but , do n't take my word for it get a pair for yourself and see . Suggestion , you have to pay attention getting on and off the bike , do n't get these if your not able to handle getting on and off very well , you have to think about them being there unlike w/o them on . Otherwise they are a great help preventing slips , and giving an extra oomph going up hill and fast . Make your feet very secure .
 We were very happy with the product , price , and service . My son is 13 and we got the 14 , this fit him perfectly , snug like it should , though note that he is on the husky side .
 I bought this shirt for my 12-year-old to wear on our recent trip to Hawaii . We swam , snorkled , and surfed almost daily , and he wore it 90 % of the time . it protected him from the sun with its UV protection , and sunburn . Got ta love this garment !
 I have two of these kids shirts , a size 10 that fits snug and preforms spot on , keeps sun off all areas covered . I also have a size 14 that is for the same child to wear as a loose shirt.The child that wears them is slim and wears 12/14 shirts but we all know each company varies with there sizes . I would say if your kid has any kind of meat on their bones to go up at least one size.We went snorkeling and it was nice to not worry about burnt shoulders .
 good quality sun protection . Good quality fabric - not thin like some rash guards . Great price - comparable to products sold in surf shops and sporting goods stores . Just as described .
 This product was exactly what I was looking for and could n't find in any store around town .
 i was n't sure how this was going to fit me , as i am not a junior nor do i wear junior sizes ... but because i wear a xs bcd i figured i might as well try it , the size 14 rash guard is a perfect fit . it was shipped very fast , i got it 2 days before expected .
 I was extremely frustrated with the time it wasted for me . I ended up never receiving the correct order.However I have given this product 5 stars for the customer service . Though I never ended up receiving the correct item , the service was promt , and they tried their best to correct the mistakes . They also let me know that they would look into this , so that there are no surprises for future customers of this item !
 I bought the product to my nephew !!! very good material and the design is the same as the picture . The product have a good quality ...
 I do n't know why boys like to wear these rash guards in the swimming pool , but they do . When I was a kid , the boys did n't wear shirts , but that was then , this is now . I bought this rash guard shirt for my 7-year-old grandson to wear with the blue trunks for swim lessons . I have to admit , it looks great on him . I wash it in cold water after each lesson , and the fabric has not deteriorated after about 15 washings . These shirts are great because they have a UPF value and can protect against UV rays . We do n't get much sun for most of the year -LRB- living in the Great Pacific Northwest -RRB- , but when we do , this kid will be looking good while he protects his never-see-the-sun pale skin .
 Body glove worked well in and out of the pool , water slides , and through wet sports.It did n't ride up or overheat .
 I purchased this shirt for my son who 's used it countless times now . It 's a terrific alternative to sunscreen , which now that he 's getting big , is tedious to apply every time we go to the beach . This way we only have to worry about his arms and face and he can swim and play all day without getting a burn . He seems to like wearing it and I may buy another one !
 The shirt performs exactly as expected as its snug with stiching ends away from body . I ordered two of these -LRB- different sizes -RRB- , so I know that the issue with loose stichings ends are on both shirts -LRB- some that were 3 inches -RRB- . I just took a match and melted the ends down to the shirt . I do n't know what would have happened if I just let the ends dangling around , but I thought it better to have them melted rather than chance the stiching to come undone and loosen all the way up the hem-line .
 The RCBS Partner Press has been described as an entry level press but I 've been reloading for nearly 30 years and mine handles full sizing of rifle cases with the same aplomb as my Rockchucker . It 's easy to use and incredibly durable - big performance in a compact package.This press is a lot of bang for the buck and it 's covered by RCBS 's lifetime warranty , not that you 'll ever need it .
 great single stage press.great price , quaility very good.great buy , very happy !!! using RCBS dies sets .45.40.223.9.380 All match grade componetshandles and looks great in Reload LAB .
 This is a good single stage press . I have loaded about 500 units through it thus far and it works quite well . Good value for the money . There is a separate accessory I guess to direct the spent primers . I hung a plastic bucket under the rig and it gets the job done . Should last a long time .
 Strong enough for pistol reloading . Unit seems to be built with tight tolerances unlike some other brands I looked at . Should out last most of it 's competetitors .
 I 've never owned or used one of these , just felt that I had to rate it up a little to make up for the first reviewer giving it only one star because he misread the description.Just trying to be fair .
 I have found this stopwatch to be rather useful for my cross-country team and the timing of their runs . It has almost too many features on it . Actually , the instructions do not do a good job explaining exactly how to get the most out of it . The watch works great , but the instructions are weak .
 I am a high school varstity girls track coach and find this stop watch is easy to use and will store more than enough races . It fits nicely in your hand and the buttons are easy to use . Battery life last about 2 years and replacements cost abot $ 5 . A must for any track caoch .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 The service and speed in which my Alabama golf towel was delivered was excellent.I was satisified with the merchandise as far as it goes . My concern is with the price of the item . I really do n't like having to pay more a dollar or two for a towel made overseas .
 These towels are nice and great quality . Wish I would have bought these before I bought the cheap ones I had before . Towel should Last for a longggg time .
 Although not the same brand as advertised , they are the correct size and work well.I unpackaged one to try it out . No rips or tears.This is typical emergency blanket and is not designed for frequent use.As soon as you cover yourself with one of these you feel the heat radiating back into you.Is this what a baked potato feels like?Don ' t even think you 'll get it back in the little package ... just fold it up as tight as you can and stick a rubber band on it .
 A good deal - a buck each - but a different brand than pictured . Seems ok though .
 I have not yet used the product , but I was compelled to input a review since many of those reviewing the product actually received something other than the product pictured . The only reason for this preliminary review is for those discouraged from buying after reading the reviews and thinking they would also end up with a product other than the one pictured.I received EXACTLY what is pictured , so apparently , all your messages have gotten through to Amazon and rest assured , if you order now , you will surely receive Quake Care Mylar blankets , and not the cheap knock-offs previously mentioned . I will edit this review once I have actually used the product.EDIT -- The seller I purchased from was SVMPRODUCTS , LLC . I regret I did not post this in my original post as another buyer received Chinese junk , not Quake Care , from another seller . Also , if you click the link that says `` 11 New , '' it will lead you to a list of other sellers with fulfillment by Amazon , SVM Products is one , and I just noticed Quake Kare -LRB- direct -RRB- is another seller , so I imagine ordering direct from Quake Kare through Amazon , you should end up with the actual Quake Kare product .
 The Mylar , or space blanket , has been around for several decades now and for good reason . They are inexpensive , pack very small and incredibly useful when needed . The shiny blanket was developed in the 1960s for NASA and is used in emergencies to reduce heat loss in a person 's body caused by thermal radiation , water evaporation and convection . Used to treat hypothermia they are also windproof and waterproof making them useful in a variety of outdoor or survival scenarios . With that said the blanket itself is not some sort of miracle material . It does not create any warmth and offers no real insulation . I think this is an important item to be carried in vehicles or packs but just as important is to learn how to use it and the proper way to do so .
 Emergency Disaster Systems sent this item very quickly and had good customer service - polite , helpful , relatively quick to respond.This product is great for emergencies - small , light weight , great to take on outdoor activities for an emergency or to have in the car . It 's very light weight -LRB- made of material like a mylar balloon -RRB- , and while it can tear somewhat easily , it 's made mostly for emergency use , not frequent use . It reflects body heat and can be really important for survival . Is a great addition during cold weather camping - lay over top of sleeping bag as an extra layer of insulation.As far as buying these on Amazon , keep your eyes out for frequent price changes - prices can vary by a great deal , both from seller to seller and even from week to week from the same seller , often by quite a lot . I 've paid anywhere from $ 4 to $ 10 for a 4 pk. , sometimes with free shipping , sometimes not.In summary , good product , can be a life saver , especially for the money , but keep an eye out for price variations and fluctuations . Emergency Disaster Systems was a great seller to buy them from .
 There were a few reviews wherein either the wrong number of blankets or an alternative brand of blankets were received . I just got my blankets in the mail today . Two four-packs of Quake Kare emergency blankets , exactly what I ordered . The blankets are high quality and seem fairly durable . They do n't seem to flake and wo n't rip or tear easily . Shipping was fast too .
 this thing is very thin and will rip very easy it fill like a trash bag when u have it on but it does its job and holds ur body heat under the blanket
 the product arrived quickly and as described . i was able to use it immediately for my camping trip and the cold nights were not so cold using this product
 I keep two in each vehicle . Next time I purchase some will be to increase that number to 4 in each car to have extras . I may also purchase some to throw in my bug-out bag .
 I bought these to have in my 72 hour emergency kits . They are so compact and take up very little room . They would also be good for camping . I like that I can have something for warmth in my kit that is so lightweight and compact .
 This product is the Quake Kare mylar space blanket . It is the super thin stuff . This will save your life in an emergency situation and I am glad I got 4 of them in case one rips or whatever . They shipped it quickly and I received it quickly too .
 FOR THE PRICE A GREAT BUY ... MY WIFE CALLED ME TO LET ME KNOW THAT THE CAR WOULD NOT START AND SHE WAS AN HOUR AWAY AND IT WAS PRETTY COLD OUT ... WHEN I GOT THERE SHE IN THE CAR WITH EMERGENCY BLACKET ON THAT I LEFT IN GLOVE BOX AND IN GOOD SPIRIT . IT WAS WELL WORTH IT AND A GREAT BUY ... BE PREPARED
 I froze to death on my first night in the back country backpacking . On the second night I was sweating in this thermal sheet . Thanks to it I could manage to sleep.A must have . Its a bit plastic feeling , but if it can help u sleep , who cares about the feeling .
 Details are exactly as per descriptionProduct is easy to use and very helpful to have around . A very very good buy !!
 I love my cats but I do n't love their hair all over my bed . I put the shiny , crinkly thermal blanket over top and they wo n't go near it . I imagine you could put it anywhere you do n't want your cats to go .
 We used these under our camping tent as an `` under the tent tarp '' and under our sleeping bags inside the tent to help the cold from coming through from the cold damp ground . They really made a difference in our comfort & worked quite well . It was a better solution than tarps in this case - lighter weight , less expensive & better insulation .
 I bought this to stock my 10 essentials/emergency pack , and am happy with the product . Each blanket comes in its own plastic bag , which are nested in a larger bag which results in a compact and easy to pack product . The product is also pretty cheap , as there are other thermal blankets that are quite expensive out there .
 HiThe thermal blankets I received are warm and comfortable . The only drawback -LRB- which I know can not be avoided because of the material used -RRB- is that they make a crunchy noise when one moves.I would recommend them for cold climates , which is where I used mine . I plan to use the ones I did n't open yet to leave in my car and relatives ' cars for emergencies.Thank you.O . Romero
 As a prepper , I like to make sure my family is prepared for any natural or man made disaster that may occur , so these space blankets are good to have in each car , in bug out bags , camping gear , etc. . one in my pocket when hunting and so much more . . HOWEVER , the effectiveness of these space blankets is debated , because these mylar blankets also trap in the COLD , so make sure you warm yourself up before covering yourself with this `` blanket '' . These bags are not effective when placing over an already freezing person , unless over a normal blanket , BUT , they are very effective in preventing freezing if you 're not already frigid to begin with.The surface is very reflective , so these mylar blankets are perfect for lining grow rooms for those who start their vegetables and flowers indoors . The benefit is that they reflect light back to the plant so no light is wasted.These are also good for lining coolers to help keep them even more colder , or even inside of lunchbags/boxes . These also work great for making reflectors for bouncing light in photography projects .
 The Quake Kare emergency blanket is a lightweight mylar material , similar to what is used to make floating birthday balloons . When I first tried mine in early autumn , I did not notice any big difference in comfort level . The crinkling sound that it makes was somewhat annoying to me . So I put it aside and did not think about it again.A few weeks later in October we had a freak snowstorm and extended power outage that lasted four-and-a-half nights . Bundled inside my sweater , down vest , down coat , hat , gloves and multiple afghans , I was shivering . I thought it could not hurt to try the emergency blanket again . To my amazement , within a few minutes I had stopped shaking and felt warmer . The mylar traps one 's own body heat and keeps it under the blanket instead of letting that warmth drift away . During the next few days , I said many prayers of thanksgiving for the person who invented this ! Sometimes at night I would wake up cold and shaking , thinking that my blanket must not be able to help any more ... only to find that it had slipped off of me . Back in place , it provided warmth again . This was a sort of blind test that proved to me that its effectiveness was real . After several days of being cold , my core body temp had dropped a couple degrees and there were signs of mild hypothermia . Without that emergency blanket , I might not have fared as well.During our power outage we were losing heat in our dwelling at a rate of 5 degrees each night . There was a draft of colder air and smell of wood smoke coming from the closed vents of an attic fan . I framed one of my extra mylar sheets with some posterboard to make an effective thermal barrier and the following night the heat loss was reduced to 2 degrees.I highly recommend this product to keep in one 's home and vehicle emergency preparedness kits -LRB- with enough extras for passengers -RRB- . If some day you are unexpectedly exposed to cold weather for an extended time , this could save your life . Get some today ! 5/3/12 EDIT
 I 've bought several of these Mylar space blankets over the years , always with the intention of using them while hiking or camping , if an emergency arose.Instead , just by coincidence , I wound up using them INSIDE THE HOUSE for the same reason -- three times . All were for the same reason
 I bought them for our Emergency Pack but brought them along our trip to the rainforest just in case it would get too cold . It amazed me how thin it was yet how warm it was as well . It was so thin you could see through it but it reflects the body heat right back to you . wonderful product .
 I like having a few of these around in my hunting/fishing/camping gear . I used one with my sleeping bag when the temps dropped down into the thirties one night while camping . It worked great as a sleeping bag liner for the rest of the trip . I 've used other brands in the same way , and they ripped a lot easier then the Quake care ones .
 I just finished my CERT -LRB- Citizen Emergency Response Team -RRB- training and picked these up to put in my response bag . I already have several that I keep on hand for camping and now my next project is to make a solar oven out of items I would have on hand . These little blankets can do a lot . They are big enough to cover an average person and we used them in our class for shock patients . They can be water catchers , additional thermal help in sleeping , window reflectors and so much more . Even if you do n't camp ... have a few of these socked away . In an emergency , they are very handy to have around .
 I bought a pack of four of these and put one in the glove compartment of each car . They will warm you for a while , or can be used as shade against a hot sun . I also cut one up into small pieces and slid the into a couple of pet beds . The dogs werent fond of the crinkly sound coming from their bed , but I cant scrape the cats off of them . I 've seen a popular pet bed that is just a regular bed with a sheet of this stuff slipped between the pads , and thats pretty much what I made . These are also useful to drape over tender outdoor plants if you expect a frost , just weigh it down with rocks if its windy .
 Just as advertised , this blanket can be carried in a shirt pocket , and will keep an individual warm under most circumstances .
 I have not tried them yet but there is no mechanical functions to evaluate . They are packaged nicely and I am sure would perform as they should if needed . I carry them in my truck and bug out bags .
 It is nice to know that being a OTR driver if anything was to happen and we did n't have heat we could use these wonderful little blankets to keep us alive ! They are wonderful even if you need extra warmth with your own blanket .
 this product takes up very little room and has in the past been use to keep me warm under alot of different problem areas and not all of them was camping
 Perfect price for a piece of emergency great that you should always have around . For the price that you would normally pay for just one blanket , you get 4 . Definitely a great buy .
 I had bought these for camping in moderate cold temperature and they proved useful . Very compact and light weight to carry and kept me warm at night . They are priced well and came on time . If required I would purchase again !
 You recieve 4 seperately packaged thermal blankets , which is what you would pay for one at any sporting goods store . Great product and recommend for anyones emergency kit .
 Purchased these to use in outdoor pet beds . I was very surprised by how well these blankets work to reflect heat back .
 These emergency blankets are small and come individually wrapped . They are small enough to fit in the front pocket of your jeans . I got a couple for my car emergency kit and for my emergency bug-out bag . For this low price and easy to use size , there is no reason not to buy a whole bunch of them .
 They do exactly what i envisioned them to do , and the price for 4 ca n't be beat !
 These emergency blankets are great to take with you camping or for preparedness . Keep a couple in the car for emergencies like car accidents you may come across . We have ours in our bug out bags .
 Got these as a cheap addition to our disaster emergency kit . Have n't had to use them yet , but we have piece of mind if we do need them .
 If you are looking for emergency blankets ... buy these . I was looking for 2 to carry in mine and my wife 's backpack but could buy this four pack for cheaper . Go to any sporting goods store and compare prices . 4 blankets for the price of 2 including the FAST shipping is a deal that ca n't be beat . Shipping took like 4 days from the day I ordered . If you are thinking of buying them ... do it .
 I bought these as an `` emergency '' item . I have n't had to use them . They are small and compact to keep in my cars if ever needed .
 I bought these for emergencies for the family . Hopefully , they will not have to be used , but just in case ...
 These thermal blankets are an absolute must for your survival pack . Although they are designed to be used against your body while wearing very little clothing -LRB- maximum heating effect occurs when placed directly against your skin -RRB- , they will help keep you warm while you are fully dressed . They are also thin enough to cut into pieces to put against your skin under your clothes -LRB- chest , legs and arms -RRB- . As others have indicated , they do have a variety of uses . If you must improvise , adapt and overcome to survive , it will be much easier with these in your arsenal !
 I just threw it my bug out bag for just in case . I have n't got to use them yet but I 'm guessing that these 4 will keep me toasty for 3 days .
 i placed this underneath my sheets when I sleep . And it actually reflected my body heat and kept me more than warm . I actually found that I cant sleep with my quilt , but with a lighter blanket !!! While the `` crumpling '' sound takes getting use too , I found that if you put two sets of sheets on the bed if muffles the `` crumpling '' sound so much that its barely noticeable.bottom line , it works.If I had to use anything but this for warmth in an emergency , I would use it in a heartbeat.It might also work great as a liner in a light jacket , just make sure you have `` vents '' I 'm sureit would heat up rather quickly .
 I think The saying goes , &#34; luck favors the prepared . &#34; So I thought this would be a good buy . Hopefully they never need to be used . S far seems like a good product , and the delivery was as promise . I am satisfied .
 The product arrived on time and as described . It will make a great addition to my homemade emergency kit .
 Very pleased with these emergency blankets . Came in a pack of 4 , all the same , and all just as advertised . I was easily able to fully unfold and then comfortably repack the blanket without issue . Highly recommended .
 Amazes me how compact -LRB- small -RRB- these things are . Added them to my current emergency kit inside the house and in the car . These things are better than keeping a blanket in the trunk of the car and they work great if needed .
 I made a mistake buying a Texsport Willowbend Trail Tent -LSB- ... -RSB- I ended up waking up in the middle of the night on top of a wet and cold sleeping bag . I grabbed one of these blankets , wrapped myself with it and stayed dry and warm.Highly recommend it to any one who camps out !
 I live in an area where most homes are not air conditioned , but most businesses are . During some very hot days a few weeks ago , I was told that hanging these blankets in my south - and west-facing windows would make my it feel `` like having air conditioning '' in my house . At such a low price , I could n't pass up the chance to try this . The 4 pack was actually perfect for fitting in my four windows , without any need to cut the blankets down . I did n't actually attach them to my windows either . I stapled them to the inside of the curtain and that allows me to open the curtains if I choose.The thermal blankets really reflect a lot of sunlight , which keeps it much cooler in my house . They do make it slightly darker , but they are not anywhere close to blacking out all the light .
 For the price and quantity I 'm not going to complain . They are compact enough for the glove box , a small pocket in the BOB and in my motorcycle tool bag . I 'm not going to count on them in my long term camping gear to be of the quality of the space blankets I 'm familiar with . The last ones I opened and used had an OD green outside , a mesh thread pattern for strength , and grommeted corners , and once I open them they kicked around for years , just never fold up as compact as originally . Those are Space Blankets , these are a cheaper alternative for short term emergency use . I opened one of these up , they are the advertised size and weight and work as advertised , I would n't count on it lasting more than a few days to a couple of weeks of use , in other words , an emergency only .
 These come individually packed in sets of four , keep one in your house , car , backpack , etc. . . they keep you far warmer than I ever thought and are well worth the cost.the Mylar is very fragile though , I managed to average three days use before it started to peel , this is a problem with all survival blankets so i wo n't hold it against this product and for the cost and weight you can carry several of these before it becomes a problem .
 The emergency blankets arrived and are exactly as described in the ad . The shipping was increadibly fast , and the size of the actual blanket pakaging is small enough to be convieniantly stored almost anywhere . I plan on keeping these in the glove box of my car , and may get more to keep around the house or store with our camping gear .
 These thrermal blankets perform exactly as advertised . They are very thin mylar or something , take up very little space , but are extremly good at reflecting heat . Will help keep things hot or cold . If used for an emergency , should protect one from the cold , however keep in mind these are only designed to reflect heat , basically reflect radient heat . You also would need some sort of insulation such as a regular blanket on top of this for total protection . Its a good product , well worth the cost , and if its all you have in an emergency , would certainly be helpful .
 I honestly hope I never have to use these blankets , and they stay in those little ziploc bags . But if I need one , I now have one in each vehicle , one with me , and one in the emergency kit at home .
 Bought these for our cabin and to pack when out in the woods . Hopefully we will not have to use , but feel better just knowing we have them .
 Muy buen producto para uso de emergencia . Para los amantes del camping , no puede faltarles esto en su kit de primeros auxilios . Vienen en empaques separados , cada uno un poco mas grande que una billetera de hombre , super livianos y compactos .
 I have this in my car in case I break down . I hope I never have to use them because if I do it would be in a emergency type situation .
 Purchased these to put in our cars and our emergency preparedness kit . It would be great if I never open the package .
 I have used mylar `` space '' blankets for the past 30 years for near innumerable projects . Want to make a solar oven ? here 's a tool to allow that . Increase the rating on your sleeping bag by 20 degrees -LRB- put the mylar INSIDE the bag -RRB- , I 've made emergency ponchos from them while backpacking . Ground cloths , signal devices , sun awnings -LRB- in this mode they help provide cooling -RRB- , insulation for coolers , animal shelters , a lining for an incubator.They do n't have to wait around in your car or `` read bag '' to find uses ! However , I carry them in each vehicle , I have one in each of my various -LRB- depending on purpose -RRB- `` ready bags '' , in emergency kits made for the kids and in all the first aid kits in the house , vehicles , the ranch and other such haunts.This little piece of plastic may well be one of the premier tools of all time .
 I 've played with a couple of different brands of space blankets and these blankets are of fine quality . They suffer the usual short comings of this material -LRB- tears spread easily -RRB- but on the grand scale of space blanket brands , you are getting one of the better quality blankets . For example , one of the cheaper brands I have tried experienced flaking of the mylar coating after -LRB- admittedly -RRB- rough handling . The brand being reviewed here did not suffer from this flaking . Definitely recommended .
 If you are setting up a `` grab & go '' pack - the kind of thing that lives in your car or at your office , insurance against a manmade disaster like a terrorist attack or a runaway nuclear reactor ; or a natural catastrophe like an earthquake or a hurricane - you can not get along without these mylar blankets . You can use them as blankets , cloaks , tents , groundcloths and signal panels . They are almost weightless and as noted , very versatile . They belong in every survival kit , automobile glove compartment , and hiker 's pack . I can not recommend them highly enough .
 I have carried mylar thermal blankets along with me during my hikes to the north country here for decades . In addition to the many other uses mentioned here by others , I have used them before to actually sleep with just to experience it . And even though they are like curling up all cozy with a large plastic bag , they are nothing less than amazingly warm . Quite simply put , they enable you to radiate back as much of your own body heat as several wool blankets are capable of . However , there is one thing I feel I must add about sleeping with these blankets on a cold ground that does n't seem to be covered by other reviewers . Remember that to keep warm , you must have as much insulation under you as over . At home , our mattress more than does the job . Out in the wilderness on the cold ground we are forced to improvise . If it comes a time that you really are in a survival situation , or just forced by whatever causes to be sleeping directly on a cold ground , remember to put as many of these thermals , -LRB- or any kind of blanket -RRB- under you as over . You would not believe the number of hikers and campers I have encountered that pile on the blankets on top of them , while putting just one underneath . And then wonder why they spent the entire night nearly freezing to death . In conclusion , one can not recommend having these along on a hike or camping trip enough since they are so small and easy to tote along . Carrying one 4 pack of these thermals on any outdoor excursion is equivalent to toting 10 full size blankets . Something near impossible to manage in a back pack outing even if you wanted to . Considering their low cost , versatile uses , and life saving possibilities , one would be foolish not to pack them on any wilderness excursion , or include them as an essential addition in any survival kit . My own recommendation is do n't leave home without them , and , buy them here on Amazon in bulk rather than at a sporting goods store , where they can easily cost you twice as much ...
 I would recomend buying this things in bulk , as the reusable is just technical , after using it , its almost imposible to store them back in the original bag , as folding them is very difficult , but besides that the quality is very good ! .
 These came in quickly and was exactly what I expected . I am using them to insulate and reflect in a grow shed and it 's doing the trick
 These work great for emergency blankets . Ca n't believe something so light can actually keep you warm . Tried one out sitting on our back deck in 10 below zero and just a light jacket under it . Was not toasty but not uncomfortable either .
 I 've seen some confusion about which product people are receiving . I just bought one and it 's the Quake Kare blankets as described and shown in the photo . I have n't opened one up yet , but there are four of them and they seem to be good quality . Thumbs up.The seller I bought from was BigFlySports . Different sellers may ship slightly different products .
 I received my emergency blankets before the earliest expected arrival date -LRB- awesome -RRB- . The pack of 4 emergency blankets is small , light , and easily stored/transported . Each blanket comes with it 's own zip lock bag , and all four are inside a large zip lock bag.I keep them in my car during the winter/cold season , just in case I break down or get stranded when the real-feel temperature is 8 degrees.They came for quickly , and were priced very reasonably . I recommend them .
 I recently ordered the QK -LRB- Quake Kare - not Care as some posters assert -RRB- emergency blankets and all 4 arrived in a timely matter , looking exactly as they did on the site . Thus far I have not had a cause to use them , but I will be carrying at least one or two in my vehicle at all times during the winter , and when I go camping .
 I am an avid home gardener and need to amplify light in a small space . Mylar when it is bundled in the future will be known as transparent aluminum . It has made my growing area change from eyesore to pleasant . I hang it in a circle from metal hangers Joan Crawford or muffler hangers . Strong , durable and cheap from this seller at a dollar each . Oh yeah , to hang it I use blue removeable tape .
 These are for my father in law who fishes all night and it gets cold so he 's going to try these . I think they 'll be fine .
 I purchased these to use as a tent footprint for a hiking and camping trip to the bottom of the Grand Canyon . This product is just as described and much cheaper than an official tent footprint .
 So I finally got to use one of these ona recent camping trip . My daughter was cold in our tent despite the blanket she was using . She wrapped up in one of these under the blanket and actually starting sweating in her sleep . she was very warm to the touch while under the thermal . Could be used 2 or 3 times without issues . However , after packing and unpacking several times materials may tear , especially if used on someone who tosses and tunrs often while sleeping .
 These are of very good quality . They seem like they may be a little more durable compared to other brands . They are perfectly sized to carry in your car , or first aid kit .
 My daughter and her boyfriend are frequent hikers in a bad weather prone area . When I saw these online I thought this would be an easy tuck in item for her hiking backpack . They are so economically priced that this is a no brainer to have on hand for anyone who might experience power outages or poor weather conditions and be stuck outside .
 Bought for emergency kit . item is as expected . did n't open one . like that it was a 4 pack . 2 for Emer . Kit & 2 for car . Good Price .
 Good product for a fair price . These are easy to stow away in a glove compartment , a backpack , a first aid kit , etc. . . The 're small , light , inexpensive , and well constructed , and could just possibly save a life . Remember , the time to clean the gutters is when the sun is shining ... so if you get in a jam , and the temp drops , you 'll be glad you got these when you had the chance .
 It is hard to review this item due to its nature -LRB- I will not use it until if there is ever an emergency that would cause me to use/experience it -RRB- However , it looks like a good quality product . It is packaged well , for easy storage and travel . Great size to add to an emergency kit . And for the cost of four blankets , if they work in retaining body heat , they are well worth the 5 stars.I did receive the QuikKare brand , but that is a non issue regarding my 5 star rating . Do not review a product and give it a rating based on a Vendor 's Service -LRB- rather than QuikKare 's quality -RRB- .
 these are not the super flimsy , worst of the breed type ... these are better.The price is fair for the 4 pack and with other stuff and free shipping , I 'm very happy with these .
 We ordered two sets of the these Thermal Blankets -LRB- for a total of 8 -RRB- to use keep in our cars and with our camping gear . Since I do n't like to just trust that my emergency equipment is going to do what it is supposed to do , so we opened one of them up to test it out . Here are my observations : + Thicker than other thermal blankets I have used in the past , so it is somewhat stronger than expected + Good sized blanket actually covers me well + Reflects heat very wellI could n't refold it to fit back in the tiny Ziploc package it came in , but it did roll up and fit nicely into a Ziploc sandwich baggie.These are a good value for good quality emergency equipment!Highly Recommended!CFH
 Fit in the top tray of my Plano tackle box and offers many storage opportunities . Durable and secure latches . Good tough design .
 this was the product I needed . I was glad to be able to get them in quantity.That is all I 've got to say .
 i gave this 5 stars because its a great plano box . i brought this because i needed a place to store my hollow belly frogs and it is perfect it is not too small but not big as the rest of my plano boxes and it fits perfect in my assault tackle bag . if you need a stowaway to store just a few lures this is great . i just brought another one for my inline spinners . its a must buy
 Very nice small craft box . I like that you can customize the interior sizes . It is very sturdy and snaps closed tightly .
 I recently got some lego pneumatics in the mail from lego education and this storage container fit them perfectly . A little smaller than what they look like
 This is a great case for storing small electronic parts before putting them into my carry-on . You can look inside and see where everything is located . The snaps are strong , you 're not going to lose anything .
 I needed a cheap enclosure for a small data acquisition circuit board . With a little Dremel work and this plastic case , I now have a form-fitting case to protect the circuit board as it collects temperature readings in my garage .
 I use this to carry everything from drill bits to tiny washers in a tool bag and it holds them all tightly inside within their respective compartments . Recommmend .
 I bought this to help organize a strategy game , Stone Age , since it has so many little pieces . This is a great box and it even fits inside the game 's box . The only downside is that I ran out of little plastic dividers . I wish it had come with a few more .
 As described , great product , got excatly as pictured . Would buy again . Quality is A-1 . What else need I say ? I am well satisfied .
 So , after getting FOUR different boxes -LRB- some too big , one too small -RRB- , I finally found the one that fits my needs . Most of these Plano boxes do n't list dimensions , some do but they are incorrect . I found that extremely annoying so here are the approximate dimensions for the 3 Plano boxes I bought -LRB- the fourth is from a different manufacturer and I bought it from a different site so I wo n't list it here -RRB- :3500 - 8.75 x 4.25 x 1.253705 - 8.75 x 6.375 x 1.753600 - 10.5 x 6.85 x 1.625 I 'm using the 3705 to store my daughter 's brite lite pegs . Now I just have to find uses for the other 3 .
 Hey Amazon - How hard would it be to post dimensions in the product specifications ? Are n't dimensions part of product specifications ?
 These Pro-Latch boxes are really handy for small stuff and are pretty sturdy . However , be careful ordering them at Amazon , it 's easy to order one of different size or shape than you want , which is what happened to me . My fault , not Amazon 's , but just a word of warning .
 Perfect size for what I need - to hold my Axis and Allies armies . I bought one as a test , and will soon buy 4 more . There is enough room to organize all the units in an army , and to distribute some of the communal components for a well organized game . I wish there was an option for buying in bulk , but these will save a lot of time and energy later on .
 purchased this little guy and one of its bigger brothers for screw organization during computer repair . love the secure latches . wish it came with more dividers , but , understand its designed for tackle storage and not tiny screws . Already trusted the plano name as I have a 20 year old tackle box that has been through heck and back , still kickin ' butt . *** UPDATE *** 11/26/2012Just as a note to potential buyers , you can request additional dividers from Plano if you need them . someone was nice enough to comment on my initial review and provide the website you need to visit to do so :[ ... -RSB- the process was easy and I had more dividers within a few days . AWESOME ! +1 for Plano .
 We use this Plano product to hold the pieces of our Agricola set . This holds all the common pieces -LRB- not the individual player packets -RRB- and fits nicely into the original box .
 I have purchased several dozen of these neat little boxes to carry tackle onboard my fishing boat . Each box is just big enough to store on board some of my favorite choices from each major category of lure just in case fishing opportunities change . For example , one is a jig and tail box , one for surface lures , one for divers , etc. . No matter what unique fishing situation I encounter , I always have some suitable tackle on board stored in the small side compartments of my boat thus enabling me to utilize this otherwise wasted space effectively . The boxes are well built and are very durable . I highly recommend these boxes if their size suits your needs .
 I needed a small latch-able case for some audio connectors and adapters and this looks like it will work out perfectly
 Simple basic box that does what it is suppose to . Its small , yet durable . The black latches secure the item well . I would buy these again .
 Like everyone else said , size specifications would have been great . I 'm gon na order an additional , bigger one.I 'm using this for jewelry parts . It 's too small for the bigger stuff and the really tiny stuff seems to ` leak ' under the dividers into the next section unless you really cram the divider in there . But overall this is awesome , especially considering it 's not made for jewelry !
 I use this watch for business trip all over the world , the function is very nice , the compass , temperature , weather forecast functions are very useful , especially , the baro-chart is very important to assist to judge the correct weather forecast . The color is very nice , but someone mentioned it would discolor , I think it should be , but not happen yet , because it always staid in a very good condition -LRB- only business trip -RRB- , but if I go mountain-climbing , I suppose it might happen soon . Then why I did not give the 5 stars , the only disadvantage is the dual time mode , to show local and home town time in a same display is very very important during business trip , it can tell when I should call back to my company , and the display still has enough space to display the home town time , I think La Crosse should consider to improve this function . Anyway , this is still a useful watch for business trip !
 This is a great watch for people who are trying their hand at outdoor sports . It is easy to use and not too bulky . Wish is was made of a more durable material other than plastic , but like I mentioned it is great for a beginner to practice . It has all of the main functions of watches costing much more so it does the job . It is a very clean and smart looking watch .
 Overall , this watch is impressive with all of functions it has for the price.Accuracy seems to be on par as far time keeping goes . The altimeter and compass leave a little to be desired in accuracy or updating reading . Adjusting/calibrating either of the latter functions is also somewhat of a pain . A lot of button pushing , holding , re-pushing ... But , for a techno-geek it 's fun to play with . The first battery lasted about 10 months . I push a lot of buttons !
 I bought this one to replace the previous model , which was retired due to the link pin being ripped through the plastic casing and rendering the watch not wearable to me . New one works well , as advertised ; i actually like it better than the older one , but case is still plastic , and I worry about a similar mishap rendering this one unusable . Excellent watch at this price .
 I like this watch very much . It has a thermometer , altimeter , barometer and chronograph and was much less expensive than similar watches made by other brands .
 I 've now had this watch for several weeks and I 'm very pleased with it . All of the functions work quite well , including the compass -LRB- a feature I 've had work poorly on other watches in the past -RRB- . I chose this watch because at the price it seemed like a better idea to get several of them over the years rather than spend 5 to 10 times as much to get one watch.To those who complain that the elevation changes when you 're just staying at home
 I got the watch for Christmas , primarily to use while out in the woods . Great watch . The only drawback that I see is the temperature given is not ambient temp , but more like an average of body temp and ambient temp . However , if you take the watch off for about 20 minutes , it will read ambient temp perfectly .
 got this just before my elk hunt as my old watch died . Works great and I really like the rain feature . Comes with a DVD to show how to use it , I do n't think it really needs it and it 's pretty straight forward . Seems to be with in 100 feet on altitude witch I think is pretty good for an inexpensive watch . Would buy again .
 Nice watch and great features for the price . The thermometer is not accurate while wearing it but besides that it is a great outdoorsmans watch .
 Got this July 10 , 2012 . So far , is performing admirably . A little tough to set up , until I got used to it . DVD was helpful , manual a little tough to search to find what I was looking for . Before purchasing , I read other reviews . I did forget to take it off a couple of times before showering , no ill affects so far . Still , I 'll keep taking it off before showering . Overall , I rate it a great buy !
 very good product it is all that is just a little thing mark . altimeter must often be calibrates
 I am upset that beeps leading up to the countdown timer ending can not be disabled . The countdown timer can be a useful tool for me , but those beeps are very irritating . The only solution that I have found is to set the timer for 10 min more than I want and use the single `` ten minutes remaining '' beep as the endpoint . The rest of the features basically work like my previous watch .
 I bought this for my Dad after my husband 's rave about it ! He uses it while hunting and biking ! My Dad loves it too !
 My XG-55 has made me several thousand dollars.I use the stopwatch feature of my watch for accurate billing of clients . I do n't round down anymore on billing . I just click to start and click to stop my billing for a project . This watch has been valuable to me.I wake up to its alarm every day . I take cat naps during the lunch hour for 10 or 15 minutes and the watch wakes me up . The compass is dependable and useful at times . The watch also has a backlight button that makes reading the face of the watch very handy at night.Since I live in Chicago the altimeter has n't been terribly useful . And my knees are an accurate `` barometer '' of changing weather thanks to football years ago.Their customer service was n't very helpful when the watch 's battery died . The user manual said go to a certified dealer . I called customer service and they could n't think of any dealer in Chicago . They said send the watch to them in Wisconsin . Turnaround ? I believe they said turnaround was 3-4 weeks.No thanks . I went to Sears and used an `` uncertified '' watch repair lady to change out the common battery . It worked just fine.I must like the watch despite the customer service . I 'm wearing it now .
 Great value - sure , case could be metal instead of polymer , but for the price the capabilities of the watch ca n't be beat ... very intuitive interface and easy to use ... compares favorably to watches costing 3-4 times as much ...
 For the most part a nice watch . Particularly for the price . I did n't like the band and immediately swapped it out for a Velcro Ironman type band . Personal choice . Pretty much as advertised.The Altimeter seems accurate enough . The altimeter varies based on barometric pressure . I can wake up 200 feet higher or lower than I went to sleep based on barometric changes . Traveling , the altimeter on the watch has been within about 100 - 300 feet of the altimeter readings on my GPS , which is itself within 20 ' of road signs . If you really care , set it manually based on a GPS or a marker each day you hike . You can reset the altimeter to zero anytime you want and track your relative change for the day.The compass occasionally goes off scale and wo n't work until you manually reset it . Best to know how to do that before you need to . This watch is a `` Backup '' , carry a mechanical compass if your going to depend on one . Otherwise , pretty good.The watch keeps time relative to when you set it . My main disappointment is that it does NOT sync with the Atomic clock in Colorado . I 'm amazed that a `` La Crosse Technology '' product does n't use La Crosse Technology to show the correct time . If you set the watch 5 minutes and change off from the correct time , that is where it stays . I guess this would be a positive feature for those who like to fool themselves by setting their watch fast and etc. . I suppose it is also in keeping with the capability to set the watch altimeter and barometer to any reference you want . You can set the 2nd time zone to any hours and minutes you want . The seconds are the same as time zone one . I want exact time , so I simply set the watch by another `` actual '' La Crosse Technology clock in my house.For the price , the watch is pretty much in its own class . I had n't found anything else that had these features in one watch for under $ 100 .
 This is the second Lacrosse XG-55 I have owned . The first lasted about 4 years , thru hot tubs , swimming , rainy camping trips , skiing , etc. . The first one finally died because the light turned on and would not turn off , killing the battery . The display is large enough to be read without my reading glasses and the information displayed is what you would want to see . At this price , this watch is at least as good as the Casios -LRB- 2 -RRB- I have owned and probably as good as some costing 3 or 4 times more .
 I 've been looking at the comparative Casio watch for years , but never could justify $ 200 - $ 300 for a watch . Before Christmas I saw the La Crosse XG-55 in a sporting magazine for about $ 80 and figured I could find one on the internet even cheaper . I requested one from the kids -LRB- Christmas gift # and got it about a week after Christmas . After figuring out how to use it , I love it . I was mostly interested in the barometer function , but since I like gadgets , I play with the altimeter all the time also . A big plus that I have n't seen in any other watch is the count down timer . I like slow cooking on the grill and have already used it for a 3 hour check on some ribs . I can set the chronograph to start timing , and run the count down timer for a 3 hour check at the same time . The thermometer is dead-on accurate #off the wrist of course -RRB- and I set the barometer to the weather channel the first day I got it and it stays within .01 of the actual pressure and I have n't had to re-set it since . The altimeter is very accurate if you know how one works . I set some landmarks with google maps and went for a drive and the watch read within 10 feet of what it should have . You have to re-calibrate the altimeter often though because it works off air pressure - when the barometric pressure changes , so will the displayed altitude , just like an altimeter in an airplane that works off barometric pressure.I will try and keep it dry since I 've read other posts that say the water resistant feature is misleading.If something does happen to it I will definately have to get another one . For the price , its an amazing product .
 Still learning to use it but is fantastic . The altimeter takes some time to adjust .
 This watch is great ! It does what it said it would do . The altitude varies with atmospheric pressure , so needs a little attention to setting when using this feature . You do have 4 choices to set it to , like zero altitude , sea level , Qfe/qnh which should be good for the pilot needing a backup altimeter . -LRB- no good in pressurized aircraft -RRB- Two time zones is always agreat feature . The compass seems to work well & quickly but magnetic variation setting seems back to front to me , -LRB- east is least - and west is best + -RRB- , but the instructions use `` Declaration '' with the reverse of the above . It still sets the true north by applying it as per the instructions . Ovedrall I 'm very pleased with it .
 Arrived 3 days ahead of schedule!Good watch so far . I 've had it for a little longer than 2 weeks and I 've used it sea-kayaking , flown cross-country and worn it every day . No scratches yet . It is a big watch and the band is loose even on the tightest setting -LRB- admittedly I 'm not the biggest guy but I am athletic , as I presume most users of this watch will be so you may want to change the band -RRB- . All the functions are very accurate but I am most impressed with the weather forcast . It predicted a sudden New England rain shower when everyone else -LRB- even local Maine fishermen -RRB- swore it would be clear all day -LRB- we were even at the beach and it saved the day when our party left about 5 minutes before the rain started coming down putting us way ahead of the resulting traffic -RRB- . It does require input however , in order to work well . Use this website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to calibrate the baro to your location -LRB- go to WikiHow to learn how to read a ` METAR ' -RRB- for the most accurate weather and alti functions . You 'll need to do that evey time you travel someplace far or dramatically different from the previous setting . Compass is OK but you have to hold your wrist in a certain position , the calibration procedure will leave you dizzy and it only works well outdoors but still , it DOES work . I have n't noticed any of the poor water-seal issues lamented by others . I 've washed the dishes with it and it took a decent sloshing on one particularly rough kayaking trip with no problems . The thermo is pretty worthless but I figured it would be since the sensor sits so close to your skin . It 's usable , however , if you subtract about 13 deg F from the reading . The bezel rotates which is handy for some more involved navigation practices . No problems with random button pushing . Watch the DVD , it helps -LRB- esp . with the compass cal -RRB- . Gripes ? The loose watch band , the thermo and it looks too much like everybody 's Timex Triathlon . But that 's really about it . Great watch !
 Good product . It expires with the offered and has magnificent characteristics . I recommended those who like this type of appliances
 Por el precio de venta , compr&eacute; un buen reloj . El &uacute;nico problema que he detectado es que la br&uacute;jula se descalibra a cada rato . El alt&iacute;metro y bar&oacute;metro funcionan muy bien .
 My husband has been very happy with this watch . It has all the bells and whistles . He says the altimeter works great .
 I use the watch as back up when I am flying and it does a fine jobI am really happy with it , and the price is right .
 For the price and abundant features this watch ca n't be beat . I reccommend it .
 This watch is a pretty good deal for the price . It is a little complicated to figure out , but after playing with it for awhile you 'll get the hang of it.It 's not the best construction , but it 's not that expensive either . It was pretty helpful on my recent trip up Mt. Kilimanjaro . I did need to recalibrate the elevation pretty frequently though . Ascending from 3000m to 5895m it drifted about 200m . When calibrating at elevation , sometimes it does n't believe you so you might have to put the elevation in a few times.I noticed that some complain about the water resistant-ness . The documentation says that it is water resistant to 100 ft , but cautions not to use it -LRB- push buttons -RRB- underwater . It 's done fine for me with splashing , showers , dishwashing , river/lake bathing , etc. . I have n't tried diving with it since it would n't be accurate anyway .
 The watch is great . Keeps acurate time along with its multiple functions . The only function lacking is the movable bezel . It moves too freely with no ratcheting mechanism . The bezel is very smooth making realignment of the bezel somewhat difficult .
 Owned this watch only briefly , had no problems in that short time , but did not get the reason for the backward compass -LRB- you could set it so it says west when you 're really facing east . Once I figured that out , I changed it back and all was right with the world . -RRB- One thing to note , though
 It 's a good watch , i 'm happy with it , it does the jobThe altimeter is not that accurate but that 's the case with almost all the barometric altimeters , if u do n't mind putting in the correct altitude once in an wile is OKthe rest is A O K
 So why did I only give is 4 stars ? The only reason I gave this item 4 stars is the fact that there is no altimeter button . I 'll explain more later . First off , I did n't initially purchase this watch because others reviewed this watch as cheap . NOT TRUE . This watch has a great looking bezel , unfortunately the pics do n't do it justice . Yes the band is palstic/rubber but so are other expensive watches . The clasp is metal so it all works together nicely.The features : Altimeter , Barometer , Compass , and Time.This watch is accurate very accurate . You must set it up correctly . I first set up the watch by changing the barometer to change the altimeter . Wrong answer . The barometer is set up from the factory . Leave it alone ! Sea Level pressure is 29.92 inHG and my local observatory said something different so I changed it and my altitude was all off . Hint , leave the factor settings alone in the barometer . Go to the Atimeter mode and choose sea level and adjust the inHG there . Voila the correct altimeter reading just like my plane . Here is the trick . Everytime we get into a plane we check the altimeter pressure and adjust for changes in the barometric pressure . We do that every time we fly . If not your reading will be wrong . Once you change that under the Altimeter setting you will again show the correct altitude . Exactly the type of control you want . The watch is very sensitive to changes and has 1ft of resolution -LRB- it could tell the difference in walking up the stairs with 3ft of accuracy . WOW!The only thing I do n't like and the reason I kept a star for myself ; no dedicated Altimeter button or no way to restart the sampling process other than pressing the mode button 4 times to toggle through the other functions . The altimeter is active with updates every second for 5 minutes and to conserve battery life after 5 minutes it updates once per minute . I would have liked a continuous real time update option or a way to restart the updates without toggling through all of the functions.Obviously the temp is affected by body heat but that too is adjustable , I have found that reducing the temp by 14 or 15 degrees will give you an accurate reading . Test to see what works for you.Compass is great but like any compass you must have it parallel to the earth for an accurate reading . It even includes a reverse bearing reading that will allow you to find yourself on a map . -LRB- given you know how -RRB- Bottom line , this is a great watch and is an extreme value at $ 50 . Suggestions for those complaining . 1 . Learn to use it -LRB- download the manual before buying -RRB- 2 . Stop Wearing electronics with holes in the case in water no matter who says its water proof . Water and electronics do n't mix . 3 . A spinning bezel is not suppose to click . It 's for accuracy purposes and so it can turn both directions . This is a precision piece you need to be more precise!I have had several brands and you ca n't beat this watch at this price point , do n't even try .
 OK , so the construction is cheap and plastic . After two years of daily abuse on construction sites , the paint has worn away in many places and it 's hard to read the markings on the bezel . Bezel is now precariously loose . That 's the worst of it . Everything else is superb . Set the thing up properly , and it will amaze you with its accuracy and responsiveness . Next time you 're in an elevator , watch the altimeter tick off the elevation change at a perfectly even pace and stop the moment the elevator car comes to a halt . The altimeter can vary at the same location over a period of time , but that 's because it 's based upon barometric pressure . It ultimately averages out pretty well . The graphing and history features are nice , too . Battery has lasted just shy of 2 years so far .
 Lost without . The DVD explains all the functions and how to set them up . This watch tells you what the weather will be and the barometric pressures . This is invaluable information for fishing . This is me second one . The first one the case wore out after 7 years , I was lost until I found out they still make it . And this . Seller sells it for half the price &#128077;
 I bought La Crosse XG-55 2007 and I am still using it.Overall quality
 This watch is a great product . It is so sensitive that it registers a difference in going up or down stairs in my house or just walking up the street . It is also amazing how a change in the weather affects the `` altitude '' by over a hundred feet when compared to the Google maps terrain feature . Therefore , before relying on a reading , be sure to establish a baseline for that given day 's conditions.For those of you complaining about accuracy , remember that this is a barometric device . To put it rudely , It 's the weather stupid . On a sunny day , your `` altitude '' will differ significantly from a rainy day . If a front moves into your area , use common sense and rebaseline . I have seen swings of 150 feet for any given area on different days , but the relative change is the same from one place to another . So do n't reach for the DVD . Use your head and allow for weather conditions from day to day and you will enjoy this fine product . In my area a barometric reading of 29.7 versus 28.7 is a 950 foot difference . Same place , different day.So enjoy . You could strap a GPS to your wrist , but this watch is more convenient and a lot more comfortable . LOL
 This is the third XG-55 Alt/Compass -LRB- and many other features -RRB- watch I have purchased , I gave one as a present and have worn the other for five years AND yes , the paint and detail has almost been worn away . To preserve the appearance of this new watch I sprayed on 8 coats of ` clear ' -4 horzontal and 4 at 45 degrees in 20 minutes , misted on from 18 inches so as not to get a run - to protect the paint , and before I removed the LCD lenz shipping cover . I have read complaints about this watch , poor battery life but my first one - using the backlite several times a day - operates for over 2 years . This current model watch LCD of course , can be manually shut off . When this altimeter can show elevation change every step you take climbing up a ladder , calling it too ` inaccurate to use hiking ' in the mountains needs a bit of insight . If you are on the up-wind side of a hill the baro . pressure will be higher . Walk around your house when the wind is blowing or put you car windows up and turn on the heater fan . This will quickly show baro , / elev . change . Where I live next to a small mountian ranges we can get as much as 500 ft. elev change a day with wind shift . Getting absoulte elevation readings this way is not possible . If you travel you will need to reset the compass declination . Another really good feature is the raised bezzel that protects the lenz . After 5 years of wearing this watch even while working I have only three scratches on the lenz . The watch is thicker than my dress watch and I just learn to be careful . I started out thinking I would need to pay $ 200 for a good barometer . This watch sheds water but I do n't put it under water , I ruined one nice watch while water skiing . This is a very good watch that proviced lots of information
 I would give this a 5 star if not for the fact that there is no easy way to change the battery and the manufactorer wants you to pay $ 10 to ship it back to them!That is n't right and I took it upon myself to change it myself as 2 of those batterys cost half of that.I quickly realized that there is a special battery plastic surround that will surely break unless you take great care.I had to put a piece of cardboard between the back cover and the battery to get it to work.No problems in over a yr since I did it.I have been out in the mountains hunting and climbing in all kinds of weather , scratched up the lense and it continues to function.All for a price less than 1/4 of what a casio would cost.I would buy another if this one gets lost or broke as the battery change is n't a big deal because cardboard works to make good contact and the weather tightness is n't compromised because it has a heavy duty back case and good gasket.It is built like a tank!Made in America , too .
 My son needed a digital watch for his training as a private pilot . I gave him the La crosse for his birthday and he is delighted with it . It has all the gadgets and gismos that he needs and it tells the time too !
 I have enjoyed this Christmas gift . I had thought it was also a satelite watch like the other La Crosse products . The ads never said that , I just made that assumption . It is working great and has many features . I enjoy it .
 I have a few of these type watches and this one is the best so far . Light weight and easy to use .
 this watch was a father 's day gift for my husband . he wanted it for months.he loves it . great quality !!!
 Great product at a good price , though bulky in size . Was pleased with prompt service .
 After setup it works pretty well . I used it on a trip across country . My Garmin GPS had an altimeter but my new TomTom did not , so that is why I purchased the item . I checked it along the way with the elevation signs along the road and it preformed well enough to be useful .
 I deffenitly like the watch . it works amesome and i like the fact it came with instructions . the price was awesome lowest price ive seen any where else . the only down side i had was learning to use it once i did that i was good .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 We purchased 2 of these and I am totally impressed with them . The polarfleece pillow is not too big , if you 'd like to add your own pillow on top , but is a nice size if you forgot yours ! The blue is so beautiful , and the flannel is so soft , and as a bonus at the feet ... a great polarfleece lining to keep your tootsies warm ! There is a great zippered bag that is attached to the sleeping bag , so you always have a covering for storage . I understand that it folds , but I have n't figured that out yet ! Great bag , highly recommended ! P.S.-You ca n't beat the Super Saver Shipping . . Free ! I 've checked out bags at the local camping store , and I ca n't find a Columbia bag , of this quality for the price !
 I was looking for a replacement sleeping bag for one I previously returned -- I owned a -15 degree Kelty down mummy sack where the zipper did n't work.This Columbia bag was 1/4 of the price of the Kelty I returned and it is great . The zipper works , the bag is soft inside , the pillow is a nice touch , and the carry sack that 's attached is innovative . I absolutely love it.I ordered two and am not disappointed . It may only be rated up to 25 degrees and not -15 degrees like the bag I returned , but what good is a -15 degree bag that wo n't zip up ? Of course if you truly need a bag that is rated for colder climates , then I guess you need to look for something else . However , if the 25 degree rating is sufficient , I highly recommend it with five stars hands down ! Great quality for a great price .
 Worth the higher price for its warmth , comfort , and fantastic zip bag with handle and containing straps ! Easy sleeping ! Tight storage .
 Great sleeping bag ! Built-in Pillow is a beautiful thing
 This is EXACTLY what I was looking for - a sturdy and convenient case for 12ga shotgun shells for the range or storage . Before I ordered this case , I just brought shells in the cardboard box they came in , sometimes with annoying results . With a big box of Remington shells , a friend and I kept having to wrangle loose shells that would roll out of the cardboard box . Twice , the bottom of the cardboard box gave out , spilling the shells to the floor . It was obvious we needed a nicer case , and this one fit the bill ! With this case , it 's easy to organize 25 shotgun shells up to 3 '' in length . The case is made of a sturdy impact resistant plastic , and latches quite securely . The dividers help keep shells from rattling around inside the case , and make it easy to quickly grab a shell while reloading . This makes trips to the range , with the shotgun , much more pleasant - no more having to chase down runaway shells , or having to look away to dig around in a box when reloading . It 's survived several trips to the range , soaking up the bumps and occasional drops , and still looks good as new . I 'm very glad I got this case , as I do n't want to chase spilled shells around the range floor anymore .
 These MTM shotshell boxes are great way to organize combat shotgun load outs . They appear to be well made and work well for 12 and 20 .
 I love MTM ammo boxes ! As always they stack great and help me to organize my range bag and ammo . The only complaint is I wish MTM would make a non transparent base with a clear lid ... totally a cosmetic thing and does not change how great I think this ammo box is .
 Excellent product , excellent price . This belt is pretty durable , exceptional for the price . Great for carrying my .40 eight hours a day
 This is literally the best belt I 've ever owned . I ordered black and am now ordering tan ; as it 's the only belt I want to wear . Very sturdy for concealed carry - provides excellent support for even large pistols . That purpose aside , I wear this belt whether I 'm carrying or not . It is very comfortable . I have a herniated disc that is right in the area that a belt crosses my spine . I could n't believe the difference that this belt makes . The sturdy support has made a huge difference for me . From the solid brass buckle to the high quality leather , I expect this belt to last a lifetime . IMPORTANT
 I carry a Beretta 92 in a Serpa holster . I had a cheap man made fiber belt before . It started to tear out at the holes and then broke right at the buckle . I ordered this B 26 belt and it carries this setup great . Supports the weight around my waist and does not sag at the holster . Looks to be made out of good leather , not to stiff or too supple . I would recommend highly .
 Great value and great service . This belt is simply the best `` pistol belt '' that I have owned . It is comfortable , offers great support and looks good always .
 I like this belt , its quite sturdy feeling . Although I am not one to only buy American products , I was quite surprised to find out that Bianchi products are not made in the US .
 I ordered a 36 because I wear 36 Levis and I have to use the very last hole on the belt . I should have ordered a 38 , to fit properly . Got one from Dvor for 22 bucks , but all they had on sale was the 36 , so I 'll keep the one I have and drop a few pounds . Really , order the size 2 inches up from your actual waist size or you will be using the very last hole . The belt is very nice , good looking and able to support your gear . Very fine quality .
 The belt measures about 1 1/2 inches when compared to other belts the same size . Other than that , the belt feels great . Guess it is good that it is a bit small , the boss has me on a diet .
 I 'd recommend Bianchi belts to anyone , whether `` professional '' or not . They last . I only bought this because I added inches . The old belt , almost 25 years old , is still fine . Unless something changes at Bianchi , I 'd continue to use these belts forever . Worth every penny .
 This belt works very well for me . I carry concealed OWB most of the time with either a S&W M&P 40 full size or a Glock 27 . This belt can take either with no problems . My waste size is 36 so I ordered a 38 , but maybe next time I will get a 40 . The extra size will give a few more belt loops to work with . I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a belt that is nice looking for everyday wear and to help keep your sidearm tighter to your side .
 Ordered a size larger and barely fits . I wish I could blame the belt , but I ca n't . It 's a sturdy , thick belt that should do nicely .
 Hello all , I ordered this belt and within a week received it . Was in perfect condition and looked great . I did a search on gun belts and this was one of the results . It had good reviews so thought it would be a good choice . I realise now that it is not a gun belt and just a really nice looking regular belt . Gun belts are double thick and have very firm sidewalls . So just be aware if you are looking for a gun belt this one is probably not the one you want .
 I order the first belt it came with some light spots on it I returned it and order another one and it came in great shape .
 Got the product quick and these belts are the best ! This belt has a business casual feel to it . I wear it to the office and it is very lightweight and solid enough to hold my weapon and not sag and pull the belt down .
 I bought the black belt , which is not pictured at this time . The belt is shiny black and the buckle is gold . It 's fairly thick and sturdy . I am pleased with the quality . I do recommend ignoring the fitting directions provided . They recommend buying the same size as your waist . My pants are 32 in the waist so I ordered a 32 . The belt I received was 32 inches long , so it would only buckle if I pulled it very tight . I returned it and bought a 34 which fits perfect with all my 32 pants .
 I agree with Kristen , it 's a solid workout . I think it has a good amount of lower body work with exercises consisting of one legged squats , one legged deadlifts , squats on a stability ball , and a few others . You 'll also work your legs during cardio intervals such as curtsy leaps , and hopping on a step -LRB- a modifier is shown if that exercise is not for you -RRB- . Although I really like this workout , I have to give it 4 stars because of the uneven upper body work . There are 3 sets of shoulder exercises , but just 1 of biceps , and 1 of chest/triceps -LRB- side one armed push-up -RRB- . The good part is that since you 're working out for one minute for each weight exercise , you can always substitute one of the shoulder sets for something else such as chest work or back work to make it a more well rounded workout .
 This bootcamp give you 2 minute cardio intervals that are n't too intricate , but will really get your heartrate up . Followed by weight work that will make you work . It 's a nice solid workout that is well rounded . There is a lot of woo-ing , which is more a ` phew we 're kicking some booty here ' rather than ` woo-hoo are n't we having a blast ? ' . Amy and crew sweat along with you , too - no phantom costume changes to perfectly preserved hair and makeup . This is a keeper for me .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Well , I was interested in getting an airsoft gun ever since I saw the full metal MP5s , but I could n't bear to drop 400 bucks on one . I figured I would start small , get a pistol which is less than 20 . Also , I thought it would be sweet to use in a movie.I got my pistol last night , and it was well packaged , but instructions are a little skimpy . Do n't pull the pins out above the trigger , as it causes the slide to come off . I especially like the magazine removal . Its very cool and fun . Not sure if other airsoft pistols have removable magazines , but this one does and hold more like 25 BBs , rather than 15 . The cocking action requires a bit of effort , certainly any teenager or adult can muster this strength . My old Daisy BB rifle is actually harder . If you do n't pull the slide back all the way until it stops moving , the BB will not load.I think the internal mechanisms are actually the shoddiest part of the gun , the slide moves laterally when pulled back , and plastic parts scrape together . By `` some metal parts '' i think they mean the 2 springs on the inside.For accuracy , the pistol has very good accuracy , and the speed is definitely low - maybe around 220fps . The BBs are carried by the wind.For appearance , the picture is slightly deceiving . The barrel extends out of the slide a half inch or so and is bright orange -LRB- according to US law -RRB- . I am sure this could be easy fixed for anyone wanting realism in a movie . The paint job and overal appearance is otherwise good enough to make a convincing argument on any film.Recommendation
 alright everyone , in rference to the two reviews above ... . they are correct . it shoots slow , when you remove the pin eeryhing falls apart , and it 's light weight and feels like crap for the most part , but dispite all of that there is a way to make this thing rocket like a bat out of hell.the first day i got it i was screwing around with my dad and told him to shoot it . little did he know that i had removed the hammer pin , so when he shot it the hammer fell off the top but none of the other peices had fallen out . so a little later one of my friends was over and i demenstrated what i did to my dad . BUT when the hammer hit the CARPET yeah the carpet not the concrete like earlier , every peice within the hammer had fallen out . and this is worked by 6 pieces . you have the front end barell , then a white gasket imbetween , then the backend barell , then slide cover , then two springs that are on either side of the barell . after putting it back together we noticed something ... this gun now shoots like a freakin rocket . regardless of the weight and feel of the gun , this sucker can shoot if put back together . we tracked it at over 300 FPS so yeah . and this was n't a one time accurence . my two friends bought one as well and we took there 's apart as well and there 's too are bookin 300 FPS , and now it hurts . -- I recomen this product to anyone over the age of 18 and that have patients with figuring out how to put it back together after removing the hammer pin , it is a great secondary -- P.S. - you can tell that there is supposed to be a orange tip on the gun from the picture . they did a really bad job photo shopping it and it looks blury where the tip should be . nice try guys but i was expecting the safety regulatory tip ; -RRB-
 -LRB- I am using my moms laptop so ignor the craft queen thing ... -RRB- Know , serious airsofters should leave this page right know cuz this gun is for beginners . I got this 10 years old maybe older from a friend . It survived for another year or so it is very durable . it shoots pretty far but does n't hurt much . i have an airsoft club and to get in you must freely get shot , and that 's what i use this for ! After that 11 years it 's parts got loose and you had to pull the trigger and slam the top with your hand -LRB- though that 's pretty fun -RRB- . It 's a good `` plinker '' for running around in the back yard . ONLY FOR BEGINNERS otherwise it 's pretty lame .
 Good side : - inexpensive-fairly accurate-packs a decent punch-looks sharp-doesn ' t overload or jam often-hammer moves when gun is fired . Spring loaded to look cocked also.-decent build , does n't feel like its gon na fall apart in your handthe not so good : - not 100 % accurate-only comes with one magazine -LRB- 1 is never enough ! -RRB- I honestly ca n't think of anything truly bad about this gun . For its price range , the thing is phenominal . I 've spent several times the cost of this one and gotten guns that just did n't perform . Once you figure out where the iron sights ae molded , it is very easy to shoot consistently in the same area . Well worth the cost , I 'm pretty sure I 'll be buying at least one or two more of these !
 Well first of all , when I saw this , I wanted to order it right away . After I placed my order , I checked out the reviews . I was reading everyone 's review and I thought I made a mistake about ordering it lol . Well this is a pretty great gun actually . It is pretty light like most of you guys stated and it is made of ABS Plastic with lead weights in the magazine and some in the handle of the grip . Even with the weights , it is still a really light gun . The magazine is plastic and holds at least 25 bb 's , and the gun has a working hammer . There is an on-frame safety which requires to pull back the hammer , and then switch it to safety , which I believe is only on this UHC Model . The HFC has a wirking slide lock , which this one does n't . But I 'd rather have this one . The magazine release is ambidextrous so it 's on both sides . This gun is actually very strong too . It is stated to go at least 260 FPS but I believe it is more than that.Well when I opened my package , this was what was included : - UHC USP Spring Pistol-Magazine-Sample BB ` sOverall , this is a great gun for the price . Btw , I 'm only a meer child lol . 15 to be exact -LRB- :
 Have n't done more than unroll it indoors and check everything out , but it looks like it will be just the thing . In Texas , there are three temperatures at night
 We were looking for new sleeping bags to replace ancient ones as we have gone back to tent camping since we ca n't afford the gas to pull our travel trailer these days . The bags are very well made . You can separate the liner to use as a warm weather bag or blanket , use the outer shell as a regular sleeping bag , or use them together to keep nice and toasty.We have only used them in warmer weather so far , but we live in the drizzly Northwest . I have no doubt they will be great for chilly nights at the coast or even colder clear nights in the desert.They have plenty of room when zipped , are long enough -LRB- I am almost 6 ' tall -RRB- and the liner fabric is very soft and comfortable . They come with an attached carry bag and straps with buckles.I would n't recommend these for backpacking since they are too heavy and bulky , but for tent camping they work great . I think two should zip together , but I have n't tried that yet . The pillow is pretty wimpy , but would be okay if you 've forgotten to pack the full size ones.I originally looked at the same bag at a local sporting goods store and decided to buy it through Amazon due to a much better price . I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived within a week of ordering.I would recommend these as a good versatile sleeping bag since you really get two bags in one .
 I am really happy with this bag so far . My girlfriend and I each bought one to take on a recent car camping trip to Cape Cod , and the bag worked out great.Super warm and comfortable , this bag will never be mistaken for a trail bag , due to its sixe , but that is not a bad thing . I am well over six feet tall , and this bag had ample room for me . We are able to remove the inner bag , zip the outer bags together to make a double wide , and then spread the inner bags over the top of thermo-rest pads to create a great underlayment.I want to sleep in this thing everynight!The attached , zippered storage is also nice.Grade - A !
 I recently purchased the Columbia Bugaboo 3 in 1 sleeping bag , and used it on a fall campout , temp around 25 to 30 overnight . I was snug as a bug all night long . Very happy customer so far . In the summer I know I can take the fleece liner out and be comfortable in 50 to 60 degrees.Would recommend this sleeping bag for everyone Except for backpacking !! A bit too large and bulky for hiking with . thanks
 Plenty of room for any person . Good for hot or cold . Easy to wash .
 The Wheelchair brake extensions work great.One of the best things I have purchaced in the aid to help my ailing mother operate her wheelchair safely.Thank you
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 My husband and I each got different bags for a 9 month around the world trip in 2004-2005 . He got this bag . Today , there are no tears , looks good , wheels work , zippers are great , back pack has hidden compartments and the straps have not torn at the seams . Most importantly , this pack can be carried on any flight as long as you do n't go over their weight limits . If you want more space , they have larger ones , but you wo n't be able to carry them on . Carrying on is important to my husband and I.I got a Victorinox for that same trip . Mine cost twice as much . I was forced to check it a number of times because the wheels stuck out and it would n't squish into their carry-on measuring thing , despite it saying on the tag that it was airline approved when I purchased it . The zippers broke and the backpack handles tore off.After that trip , I got a High Sierra bag too . My husband 's original bag has been to over 40 countries and many domestic trips since 2004-2005 and it 's still totally fine . We purchased one of these for a friend of ours going on a round-the-world honeymoon recently .
 Got this for high school student with lots of heavy books . It is sturdy and all the features -LRB- handle , zippers , wheels -RRB- are well made . The school backpacks usually only -LRB- sometimes barely -RRB- last a year but this one should last longer . The Pack would also be great as carry on luggage and would fit in an overhead compartment , but not under a seat .
 This bag was perfect for two weeks in Costa Rica and Panama . Travels easily through airports and is easy to pack when necessary . No checked baggage !
 bought this just before a trip to China . It is big , but not too big to carry on , and seems well built . Lasted the trip without any issues.Hopefully will get many more years out of it .
 I have received but not traveled with it yet but taking it across Thailand later this month . Looks really nice and well built . A little heavy but i like the option of backpack or roller .
 i was waiting a couple of months before i review as i wanted to use it a few time to give an accurate account of my experience . i must say this bag meets and exceeds my expectations . i highly recommend it for a frequent traveler
 I 've had the video for a few years and used it perhaps 10-15 times . Chris Carmichael is a low key coach , so do n't look emotionally charged , in your face motivation . Having a HR monitor is required , and cadence is helpful -LRB- although cadence can be estimated with the rpms in 10 secs times 6 method -RRB- . The workout consists of a warm up , then `` muscle-tension '' intervals that are done around 60rpm in a very high gear -- simulating climbing -- , with 95rpm spin sets in an easy gear between them . Elapsed time is displayed on the screen . The last set is 5 , one minute on , one minute off 60rpm/85rpm sets intended to peg your heart rate a few beats below what you can personally sustain , which is determined through a CTS field test that Chris explains . The purpose of each series of sets is explained pretty well . Video ends with cool down . I find that the workout does n't beat me up , but I feel improvement .
 OK . Having spent conservatively over 1000 miles each year on my trainer during the winter , I have tried many DVD training systems . CTS 's series appeals to my sensibilities . If I 'm willing to ride that many miles , I 'm not the type who needs some bouncy - or drill-sergeant-like coach cheering me on or telling me that I 'm weak . What I need is a calm , methodical , scientifically-based coaching that provides an outstanding workout without senseless thrashing . This video provides it and is geared for those serious cyclists who undertand the principles and know that only nomimal gains are achieved through mindless suffer-fests . I strongly recommend this product -LRB- and the entire series -RRB- . In fact , I 'm going to ride one of the series right now .
 I really like this dvd . It gives me a good workout in a shorter period of time . I would recomend it .
 Perfect for winter indoor training . I 've gotten more out of these training dvd 's than my previous works outs done on my own . They definitely push you to the limit and beyond
 I ride a bike a lot and use this pack instead of a bike bag for carrying everyday stuff like bike repair kit , reading glasses , wallet , etc. as well as a faily large digital camera and my ipod . With some packs of this type I 've had problems with the clasp on the belt popping open when I 'm riding , this one is nice and solid and has stayed firmly closed . I also like the way the pack feels on my waist , it 's very comfortable and tends to dissapear after a while . The water bottle holders are useful althogh I only use one the other one tends to end up with a snack shoved in it . Overall construction seems very solid so I 'm sure I 'll be using this pack for several years . A lot of pack for the money !
 After researching hiking packs for a couple of days , I settled on the High Sierra Express Lumbar Pack because it was big enough to carry small snacks and bottled waters for a couple hour hike , but not too big that it felt like a backpack . The pack is what I expected and more . It is extremely light and if you are not carrying anything in it , it is easy to forget you are wearing it . I would recommend this pack for any casual hiker .
 The pack is nice-sized to hold enough necessities without being too overwhelming . The water bottle was a disappointment . It has only a `` large mouth jar '' opening ... okay if you want to wash with the water . I would still buy the pack , however .
 This is a great basket at a great price . Received my shipment quickly and everything was included in the box and in perfect condition . Easy to install and the third strap gives this basket extra stability . Perfect size for my cruiser !
 I could n't find a nice bike basket in any local stores and this one had great reivews and now I know why . Great price , nice natual wicker basket that is nice and big . Can definintley hold a lot of stuff and looks great on my girlfriends pink beach cruiser . Definintely reccommend this basket .
 This basket was perfect ! Arrived fast and safe . Easy to attach and just as described . I loved it ! Used it on a antique bike for family pictures .
 The 3 straps keep the basket staple . It weathers nicely . The basket is stronger than you would think . Looks charming . Love it .
 I got this to go with my new girly pink bike and it looks and fits perfectly on my bicycle , i only wish it was slightly bigger but it was definately worth the money , i can fit a picnic meal in it when my boyfriend and i go riding in to the park .
 Bought this for my wife 's bike . The basket is a good size - bigger than most . It looks attractive - considerably darker than in the image on amazon - and seems sturdy . It attaches to the frame with 3 leather straps which also appear sturdy . It all seems to be holding up well so far .
 Before I purchased the basket for my bike , I compared different brands and I went to several stores to find something that will suit my bike with no success.I am happy I choose this product , great price and quality .
 The bike basket fit my girlfriend 's cruiser perfect . The 3 leather straps that come with it hold the basket to the bike to the headtube very nicely . Highly recommend this .
 Received basket promptly , however , one of the willow branches was cracked at the top center of the basket . My husband used an adhesive to attempt to keep it from breaking all the way through . Other than that , my daughter loves it .
 Love it , it fits on my bike perfectly . It can hold water , bike lock , jackets phone . It 's just what I needed . Plus it makes my bike look like a bike from the days gone by . Such memories . Simply Love it
 Great basket , the leather straps were not shipped with the basket , but customer service was quick to respond and receive the leather straps not to long after , Thanks .
 This is a light yellowy color in person-it is pretty and easy to attach with the leather straps . Quality seems good for the price . Big enough without being enormous-I like my bike basket . -LRB- =
 Nicely built with three leather buckle straps to hold it in place on the handle bars ... It looks great on the bike ...
 the basket is well made , looks great but too small to ride my puppies other than that it was a great deal !
 Product was exactly as promised and works great . There were some minor adjustments with the straps but it 's both functional and well made . The basket holds a few things but do n't expect to carry too much weight ; just a few groceries , a book or a bottle of wine .
 This basket is a great quality basket . It is super sturdy and looks adorable on my bike . It can even hold a six-pack !!!
 Attaches easily to bike and does n't interfere with handle bars or brake lines . It 's tan in color although picture looks like it 's white.I 've gotten many compliments and people are interested in purchasing one themselves & I 've only had it one week . Bummed my dog does n't fit in it . = -RRB-
 This basket is BIG ! It looks white in the photo , but it is a very light brown ! I have this on my Electra cruiser and decorated it with flowers and leaves -LRB- pretty tacky -RRB- . It has several leather straps to mount it with and it is a very high quality basket !!
 More of an accent than a functional accessory due to very light twig construction , nevertheless an attractive accent to a cruiser bicycle , suitable for carrying a water bottle and a handkerchief plus a couple sandwiches and an old Sony walkman .
 The basket was real nice and I 'm sure the dog will enjoy it . I just wish that it had been packed a little better . A couple of the wicker sticks were broken .
 Bought this bike basket for a gift . Was a hit very good price and cool basket for the beach cruiser . Friend loved the basket . Did i mention a great price !!!! Thanks so much
 I got this for a movie role I am doing , it looks great , it is just not suited for larger pistols .
 I am happy that the product arrived and was what I expected . The picture is not clear whether it is a true double draw holster.I tried it on and was able to get it set up quickly . A picture diagram to show how to adjust the holster would be nice , but I managed without it.The holster is a solid design and should last many years . It fit me well , and has a the ability to be adjusted in or out to fit small or large frames . I am very happy with this purchase .
 Length :
 I did n't know what to think when i ordered it because it was so cheap but it is a lot better than what i thought . it is a double holster , my public defender judge fits snug in there . the only thing i do n't like is my glock clips do n't fit in the magazine holders its made for a single stack . but overall it is a great product . i will be buying more for my friends .
 I used this as part of my Halloween costume . It fit well and was a great accessory to my costume . Good product for the price .
 Just to clarify , this holster comes with one gun holster and holds two mags . Beside that it feels nice , solid black , have n't used it , i will Update when i do.Quick shipping fyi.Update :12 / 12/12 Havent used it in an actual combat situation . But i got my gun today and tried it out . The holster is too small or my gun is too big , but my gun fell out , i had to cut the seam to get my trigger in the holster and still then the clip wouldnt fit . In the picture it shows the holster just hanging . Thats how it hangs on you , there is some loose velco straps im not sure for what , but they are too big for my stomach to secure the holster and dont work to do it on the back . The mag holders are good.Pros : Great BuildGood Mag holders , holds 3 mags.Cons : Gun didnt fit easilyGun fell when runningHangs looseUpdate
 I bought this with a couple other shoulder holster rigs from Amazon . I already have tactical vests with cross draw rigs on them and two drop holsters by UTG also from Amazon . I love this rig the best . I 'm going to modify it with a couple extra magazine holders . It fits my Heckler and Koch USP .40 S&W I just bought last week extremely well . I plan on buying a second gun for the off-side . I can shoot left handed but rarely practice it . I 'll have to work on the double cross-draw though . I will say none of the rigs I bought at Amazon were cheap quality . I liked each one of them , but this one is my favorite ! Any rig that can easily hold my USP , my Taurus .357 , my 1911 .45 is worth the money .
 Straps are a little hard to figure out , but once you do this seems to be a well working holster - have n't used it playing though
 From my expericnce as a police sergeant for over 28 years , this is a real asscet to any cop or civilians arsonel . I wish I had this when I was on the job . You carry a lot of firepower including to additional mags . Another nice feture about it is that both weapons do not have to be the same . I carry a Glock 17 9mm on one side and a Glock 36 .45 cal on the other !!!
 I 've had this holster set-up for almost a year now , and it is a nice rig . I have 2 CZ-52 's that I keep in these holsters . The extra mag slot is perfect for these -LRB- only 8 round single stack -RRB- . It could be a bit tight for a double stack mag . Once adjusted they are easy to get on and off and stay in place well once attached -LRB- with velcro -RRB- to a belt . They have the quick release snap for faster draw which is a lot of fun when your out having competitions . For the price , this was definitely a great deal in my book . Fits my pistols and mags perfect and is n't too bulky under your arms -LRB- however I am over 6 foot and 265 lbs -RRB- so this may not be the same for a smaller framed person . I suggest it if your looking for a solid double holster rig .
 This is the one with a mag/clip holder on top of ea holster , I liked that . 2 pistols and ea with a second clip.A bit weighty but man up there wimps , nice fit , and cheap , buy another to give to friends when they want your 's . These holsters take a little adjusting to git used to but after that it 's almost natural to walk in a fast foodplace knowing your fries are very safe from da punks , out there .
 The fully adjustable straps allowed me to experiment with different positions until I found the best fit . I wear a size XL shirt and am 5ft-10in tall . The straps had more than enough adjustment to fit me . Once I found the best fit , I wrapped all the buckles and loose straps with black duct tape to keep them from moving - it works great ! My twin Glock 17 's fit comfortably and snug against my sides and can be drawn very quickly when needed . I chose standard shipping with USPS , and I still received my order in 4 days ! Thanks for the fast shipping MARSALES ! I 'll be back !
 THis is perfect for those games that have a lot of different `` chits '' . Like Federation and Empire , Europa games , Lock-n-Load Series Games , Advance Squad Leader , etc.It is about 2/3 if not a little less thickness of a normal Plano Clear Tackle box and is the length and width as a the large boxes . PLUS five rows !!! Four of the rows can have up to seven separate compartments and the fifth row , at the front , can have six compartments.The lid is held down securly with two latches and the lid make a pretty good seal so the `` chits '' do not mix.I am going to post some pictures on Board Game Geek here soon specifically for Federation and Empire so people can get an idea of them since the pictures here are not that good.Sean
 As always , Plano makes great plastic storage boxes . I use mine to store my hardware like screws , nuts , bolts , etc. . Able to make your compartments bigger if needed with the supplied inserts . Just find the size box you need and your good to go . Plastic is strong enough that sharp objects wo n't poke through under normal wear . The latches on them also hold the lid tight and are strong themselves.The only thing that would make this better is if you could adjust the compartments vertically as well as horizontally . But not always can you have your cake and eat it too . Especially for this price as the big Mart store has a few but are smaller and more expensive ! If you add these boxes on to another purchase , that total over your $ 25 for the super-saver discount , you wo n't pay your shipping on them either .
 The finish on these is a bit rough - I had to trim flashing on the compartment dividers , but once trimmed , these all fit correctly and tightly . A good box . For the price , I do n't mind having to do a little work up front to make things fit right .
 The case itself is fine , but the amount of dividers pieces they include is very hit or miss . I ordered six of these . The first 2 that I used had the correct number of divider pieces , the next 2 was short 3 divider pieces each , the last 2 had 1 extra divider pieces each . Product is made just fine , just need a little better quality control at the manufacturing plant .
 This product along with the other Plano items i own is perfect for keeping hex and counter wargame pieces . I bought these specifically for Adanvanced Squad Leader pieces because there are templates on Board Game Geek -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and on the Texas ASL players website . These templates create labels/sheets of paper that you can apply to the lids to help you organize your pieces.I 'm only playing ASLSK and 3 boxes are `` required '' to fit all the pieces for these 3 games.The plano boxes have nice dividers and the lid provides a tight fit .
 Good Product . Unlike most boxes out there this one comes with enough dividers to do the whole box . Only down side is the latches occasionally slip off when the top is open . They easily pop back in though .
 For a girl who needs a cheap and easy way to organize a lot of necklaces , rings , and small-medium size earrings , this is a good box to have . - Its clear exterior allows me to see right though the box making picking and choosing a lot easier . - Its large size it can hold A LOT of different small to medium size items . - Since it is adjustable you can fit larger chain necklaces or pendants . - The compartments are very tightly sealed so you do n't have to worry about fine chains or beads slipping over to the neighboring compartment and become entangled . -LRB- I have dropped this box , flipped it upside down and things stay in their compartment -RRB- - It is very durable.But , if you are planning to hold large bulky pendants or giant earrings , this box may not be for you . Even though the compartments are adjustable you still have fixed columns in the box . Ideally this box is for chain necklaces , chain bracelets , earrings and rings . It is cable of fitting dog tag size items in the box without using more than 1 compartment , but do n't expect to fit your bangles or big hoop earrings in there.Overall , this is a larger box , so it wo n't give you the petite look that you may seek in something that is meant to hold accessories . But it does a great job in organizing your stuff and keeping everything separate .
 I do a lot of beading - have MANY different kinds of beads in several types of boxes , including some really tiny beads that roll like the dickens.PROS : - adjustable partitions are a nice feature - shallow compartments mean I do n't have to fish as deeply for tiny items - rounded tray bottoms make it easier to get tiny things out - I have the older type with a simpler latch but it is still a good closure , positive snap so you know when it is really latched , almost impossible to accidentally dislodgeCON -LRB- only one ! -RRB- : - the dividers DO tend to slip up at times and mix contents of adjacent compartments - a little sticky stuff or slightly thicker dividers or snugger grooves might be a good idea.STILL one of my favorite boxes and I want to pick up another one or two - which is why I was at this site .
 This is the Thin one . It works good . Good quality plastic and construction . I will buy another bunch of them !
 I have bought about 9 of these so far and plan to buy more . I use them to store my long feathers for hair extensions and they are the perfect length ! They are also really thin which is great because these skinny feather do n't take up much space and other tackle boxes I 've use had WAT too much space in each section that I was n't using and the thicker boxes took up more space in my studio . These Plano 3701 boxes are awesome !
 I use it for storing screws , nuts , bolts , and other small items I keep around for household repair . The lid stays on tight and the dividers stay in place . It seems sturdy enough - I have it in a large tool box and things end up resting on top of it without cracking or otherwise damaging it.It works for my purpose and I have no complaint about it .
 I am a novice coin collector . My collection is currently small , but I was beginning to have storage issues . I 'm an individual with not much expendable income , and the various Binders , folders , slabs and boxes can be fairly pricey for a collector with not many coins.This box has securely seating dividers that allowed for slots small enough to house year groupings of wheat pennies , to large enough to seat safely , Morgan silver dollars . The lid fits tightly , and I 've experienced no problem keeping individual coins in their spaces . The size is also convienent , it is lightweight and slim enough to fit in a drawer , or will sit easily on any shelf.Another feature I enjoy is that you can interchange dividers for other Plano model boxes . This allows for easily adding storage to a growing collection with ease and affordability .
 We use it to store computer chips for triathlons which need to be sorted by number and distributed on demand . It provides virtually instant access . It is well made and secure which makes it safe and easy for transport .
 Excellent product , excellent price . This belt is pretty durable , exceptional for the price . Great for carrying my .40 eight hours a day
 This is literally the best belt I 've ever owned . I ordered black and am now ordering tan ; as it 's the only belt I want to wear . Very sturdy for concealed carry - provides excellent support for even large pistols . That purpose aside , I wear this belt whether I 'm carrying or not . It is very comfortable . I have a herniated disc that is right in the area that a belt crosses my spine . I could n't believe the difference that this belt makes . The sturdy support has made a huge difference for me . From the solid brass buckle to the high quality leather , I expect this belt to last a lifetime . IMPORTANT
 I carry a Beretta 92 in a Serpa holster . I had a cheap man made fiber belt before . It started to tear out at the holes and then broke right at the buckle . I ordered this B 26 belt and it carries this setup great . Supports the weight around my waist and does not sag at the holster . Looks to be made out of good leather , not to stiff or too supple . I would recommend highly .
 Great value and great service . This belt is simply the best `` pistol belt '' that I have owned . It is comfortable , offers great support and looks good always .
 I like this belt , its quite sturdy feeling . Although I am not one to only buy American products , I was quite surprised to find out that Bianchi products are not made in the US .
 I ordered a 36 because I wear 36 Levis and I have to use the very last hole on the belt . I should have ordered a 38 , to fit properly . Got one from Dvor for 22 bucks , but all they had on sale was the 36 , so I 'll keep the one I have and drop a few pounds . Really , order the size 2 inches up from your actual waist size or you will be using the very last hole . The belt is very nice , good looking and able to support your gear . Very fine quality .
 The belt measures about 1 1/2 inches when compared to other belts the same size . Other than that , the belt feels great . Guess it is good that it is a bit small , the boss has me on a diet .
 I 'd recommend Bianchi belts to anyone , whether `` professional '' or not . They last . I only bought this because I added inches . The old belt , almost 25 years old , is still fine . Unless something changes at Bianchi , I 'd continue to use these belts forever . Worth every penny .
 This belt works very well for me . I carry concealed OWB most of the time with either a S&W M&P 40 full size or a Glock 27 . This belt can take either with no problems . My waste size is 36 so I ordered a 38 , but maybe next time I will get a 40 . The extra size will give a few more belt loops to work with . I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a belt that is nice looking for everyday wear and to help keep your sidearm tighter to your side .
 Ordered a size larger and barely fits . I wish I could blame the belt , but I ca n't . It 's a sturdy , thick belt that should do nicely .
 Hello all , I ordered this belt and within a week received it . Was in perfect condition and looked great . I did a search on gun belts and this was one of the results . It had good reviews so thought it would be a good choice . I realise now that it is not a gun belt and just a really nice looking regular belt . Gun belts are double thick and have very firm sidewalls . So just be aware if you are looking for a gun belt this one is probably not the one you want .
 I order the first belt it came with some light spots on it I returned it and order another one and it came in great shape .
 Got the product quick and these belts are the best ! This belt has a business casual feel to it . I wear it to the office and it is very lightweight and solid enough to hold my weapon and not sag and pull the belt down .
 I bought the black belt , which is not pictured at this time . The belt is shiny black and the buckle is gold . It 's fairly thick and sturdy . I am pleased with the quality . I do recommend ignoring the fitting directions provided . They recommend buying the same size as your waist . My pants are 32 in the waist so I ordered a 32 . The belt I received was 32 inches long , so it would only buckle if I pulled it very tight . I returned it and bought a 34 which fits perfect with all my 32 pants .
 I ordered this with the Chessex pound of dice , holds the dice really well and is compartmentalized well for organization . Middle dividers feel a bit flimsy and may not stay in well but still a good container for $ 6 .
 I got what I expected , came promptly , no problems , I 'm a satisfied customer . What more can I say on this .
 I bought this product at the request of another person . But I can say That the delivery was on time , he bought because he liked the price and I think she liked the product
 this is a great product for organizing small screws and treminals . the price is also cheap but it is well made .
 I use a variety of Plano boxes to store my jewelry and think they 're perfect for everything from rings to bulky necklaces . Unfortunately , this one shipped with only half the required dividers , but I managed to make my own out of some tape and now my growing jewelry collection is happily sorted once again .
 I love this thing . I bought it for the dividers to separate all my nuts and bolts . Fits perfectly in my tool box . Latches are very secure too which is a big plus .
 This item came quickly and was in good condition . It was easy to but together and it 's very useful . I use it to separate craft stuff .
 Quality is outstanding on this product . It is also fairly larger then I thought it would be . It fits a lot of stuff , glad to be supporting made in the USA products too !
 This is great for keeping small items organized . I especially love that you can arrange the dividers . Great organizational item .
 I use this box to store 9 volt batteries for my business . I love it . Some of the smaller and bigger ones are fine , but this is about the perfect size .
 This thing saved my tool box ! Before I ordered this , I had a complete mess of small screws , nails , etc. . Now I have a neatly organized box that allows me to find any part in very short order . The adjustable compartments allow me to customize as needed for differently sized parts .
 I was looking for something to store all of my pericings so that they were not all over and i was looking and looking and i found this and it works great i would buy this again for more .
 Title says it all . I use the box for game components , so it 's moderately annoying that I have to remove everything , resort it , put the divider back in , and replace everything in the box . But other than that , it 's a very nice box that I 've put through a lot of wear , and it 's stood up to it .
 GREAT PRODUCT . HIGHLY RECOMMEND.COMPANY GOES OUT OF THE WAY TO HELP YOU AND WANTS TO SATISFY YOUR EVERY NEED.THANKS CHARLES
 It 's very refreshing to find quality , competitively priced , products made in the USA . The cover snaps are sturdy and make a positive sound when closed . I bought three different size boxes and am pleased with all three . Well done Plano !
 So , after getting FOUR different boxes -LRB- some too big , one too small -RRB- , I finally found the one that fits my needs . Most of these Plano boxes do n't list dimensions , some do but they are incorrect . I found that extremely annoying so here are the approximate dimensions for the 3 Plano boxes I bought -LRB- the fourth is from a different manufacturer and I bought it from a different site so I wo n't list it here -RRB- :3500 - 8.75 x 4.25 x 1.253705 - 8.75 x 6.375 x 1.753600 - 10.5 x 6.85 x 1.625 I 'm using the 3705 to store my daughter 's brite lite pegs . Now I just have to find uses for the other 3 .
 This is the best product I have found to store the bobbins of cross stitch floss . They line up neatly , and the top keeps them in place . It can contain all the colors for an entire project and makes them viewable for for easy cataloging . The price is right and they are light , durable , and efficient . Forget the binder pages , they simply do n't work .
 This is the perfect solution to store my zillion earrings . I just put in all the dividers and stored my earrings in the different compartments . Since this is transparent , it makes it all the more easier for me to take out the earrings right off without having to search for it for a few minutes . Great stuff for the price .
 I know this is a fishing tackle box , but I 'm going to use it for jewelry . It comes with 15 movable dividers , but the box is capable of 30 one inch compartments . I wrote to the company , and they graciously are sending an additional set of dividers at no charge . I think the box is going to work well for jewelry , because it 's transparent . It also locks very securely , so I think it would be great for travel . Then , I found pre-cut , 1 '' square paper anti tarnish strips , so I 'm going to use those in the box as well for any silver items . I think the strips here on Amazon . Bottom line ? I got just the jewelry box I wanted for about $ 12.00 -- much less expensive than a traditional one , and quite a bit more functional .
 I wanted a way to keep matching necklaces , bracelets , and earrings together so I could find them to wear to work without pawing through my several boxes , the hanging chain necklaces , etc. or another container I had tried . This worked perfectly . An easy solution .
 If you have a ton of little game pieces , this is a great storage device to get . It makes cleaning up that much easier .
 Bought this for my husband . Item is per described , provides ample storage space with its adjustable dividers . Thank you for the quick shipping
 This will hold many different things . I use it for gaming chits . Really handy . . This price is very reasonable . . Vicky &#128512;
 When I was little I played with barbies all the time I had every shoe , shirt , pant , car , house and doll you could ever want I loved them sooo much and to this day I still have them I plan to pass them down to my children . So i wanted to organize all the little stuff I had like shoes , furnature ect . . and this worked perfectly for that you can make the pockets as big or small as you need them which I think it just great . So I filled it up and labled them from the outside cover and I was good to go but you coud use it for anything like jewlery would be good .
 I like the composition of this plano box as opposed to some of the others on the market that are translucent in makeup . You can actually ` clearly ' see all of your parts in these boxes without ever opening the lids . I have some of the older styles that Plano made and you have to open the box lids to ascertain what parts you have stored in them , not so with this one.Very durable quality with good hinges and closures . Very nice stowaway containers , will be buying more of the same.ChrisEastern NC
 The plano boxes are very rugged for the boat this is a mid size box that can be stored anywhere but it will not handle the bigger items like line or pliers but great for luresPlano 3600 Size Prolatch with Adjustable Dividers
 As described , great product , got excatly as pictured . Would buy again . Quality is A-1 . What else need I say ? I am well satisfied .
 Use these for my kids markers . Just long enough to put their colored markers in and keeps the colors separated and helps the kids keep them organized . When they have a spot to put the markers away they are more likely to remember to put the cap on and take care of them . Been looking a long time for a container to fit their markers , this works great for us .
 I bought this box to store my embroidery floss in . The plastic floss bobbins fit perfectly . Bonus points for a label that peeled right off without leaving a sticky mess . If I fill this one up , I will definitely buy another .
 oddly enough i use it to store my modeling tools for Warhammer stuff . its definitely not optimal for this , but the versatility of it alone makes it awesome , im always changing the format around when i need more space for one thing and less space for another . Keeps all my paints , knives , brushes , glues , and small bits nicely sorted . my only complaint as that it could be a bit bigger , and sometimes its not intuitive how to put the dividers in , but thats really a non issue . This product works great
 Secure latching lid , dividers that do not shift out of place and allow for flexibility in adjusting size of tray , and sturdy plastic . Plan to buy more -LRB- I use it to sort and store Lego ! -RRB- .
 I bought this to go with my Plano 3600 tackle box - which I use to organize beads for my jewelry making hobby . It fits , but it lacks the little finger hold in the front that the original organizer has . The result is that it is n't easy to pull out . It says it goes with the 3600 tackle box and one would think it does , since it has the same serial number , but it 's not quite the same .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I needed a sleeping bag to go down to Mississippi last year in late fall . I bought a Mummy Style bag , different maker . It worked to sleep in , but was n't big enough or comfortable enough . I 'm pretty tall but not really heavy , so I needed something better . I bought this bag when I came home and wished I had found it first . I took it with me to the Grand Canyon and could have died there a happy man !!
 A work of art in metal . Elegant in a classic , understated way . This knife in sterling silver , hammered finish , replaces a traditional red plastic sided knife just like it I 've carried for 25 years . I could n't wear it out , but I always wanted one in sterling . Service from Amazon was great . I jacked around with eBay for 3 or 4 days bidding on used ones and losing the bids at the last min to someone who thinks eBay bidding is a sport . Then I noticed I could buy a brand new one from Amazon for less than the used ones were bringing on eBay . Duh!By the way , the one in sterling I bought does n't have the tweezers and tooth pick ... just the knife blade , nail file , and scissors . There was an insert that came with the knife that says the silver work was hand made by Lund Silversmiths . I Googled Lund on the web and their products are sold in places like Neiman-Marcus , but no knives are shown . I 'm very pleased with the knife .
 This version of the Classic is missing the tweezers and toothpick . It would make a stylish `` statement gift '' , or a nice addition to a collection , but if you just want a useful little knife you 'd get more functionality with a regular Classic for a lot less money , and less weight too . This style is noticeably heavier than a regular Classic with plastic sides .
 It would be 5 stars had it had the toothpick and tweezers which were said in the Amazon item listing to be present , just as my old Tiffany 's version had . On the other hand , Tiffany 's current version costs $ 275 for nearly the same item , adding a gold plated Victorinox crest and Tiffany logo . I suppose if I paid $ 275 for the Tiffany 's version knowing I could buy this one for about $ 80 + and were asked to rate the Tiffany 's version , I would only give the Tiffany 's 2 or 3 stars !
 I bought this beautiful knife for my husband for our 25th anniversary . He likes knives , and this one is beautifully made . I selected the classic version , and I had it engraved with a personal message . It is just perfect . I can hardly wait to give it to him . It is quite heavy . I 'm actually glad it does not include the typical tweezers and toothpick , as they always seem to get lost anyway . I 'm hoping he will put it on his keyring and keep it with him wherever he goes . I am thrilled with the knife , and I was quite impressed with how fast the knife was delivered . It got here well before they said it would .
 might have already said this , but this store is great . wonderful quality and , most importantly in this impersonal age of online retail , amazing customer service !!!! just like working with a family owned business , which it may be . i highly recommend shopping with them . and call them if you 've got special requests or questions or changes to your order .
 I particularly liked the hammered pattern because it shows hand working of the silver . The other barleycorn and other design are more machine made looking . The sterling silver adds a heft to the knife that is very pleasant . I think this is the ultimate keychain for your dream car , or just the perfect gift for the Victorinox Swiss Army Knife enthusiast wh o has the other versions . Something not appreciated by everyone since not all will realize that this knife is sterling silver and not just like the $ 9.99 one at Target that they saw on their friend 's keychain . A great deal too when Amazon was having a $ 10 off Victorinox Swiss Army purchases over $ 50 .
 I 've just discovered that there are classier ways to keep a utility knife on your keyring . No humdrum plastic red , black , -LRB- insert other colors here -RRB- . These sterling silver Classic knives are fully functional as well as being a touch of snobby . I mean really - who wants to show off their sterling ? Nobody . That 's why it feels so good to keep it with you , use it as you typically would . Eventually , however - someone is going to ask about it . And you can blush and say ... ` awwww shucks ' . There are several styles that look fancier/lacier . I chose this one because it was not quite so ... obvious . No toothpick . BFD . REMINDER
 I bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift . He was thrilled with it . The knife is beautiful , well-balanced and has the basic functions
 knife is awesome - and at a great price . do n't try to take it on a plane !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 The first picture , with the large compartment on the right , is model 3650 . The second picture -LRB- the correct one -RRB- has the large compartment in front , and that is model 3750 . I have at least 5 of model 3750 , which is really versatile .
 I use this case to keep computer tools and pieces in , such as my screwdriver set , TORX , pliers , screws , and other smaller various computer components . IT works great to organize them , and you can carry them around like a briefcase as they will stay in their respective compartments -LRB- that you can customize and make bigger or smaller based on your needs -RRB- . Perfect for my needs , and I assume fishing -LRB- :D -RRB- , and would probably also work well for other hobbies .
 I use these tackle boxes to keep my rock and crystal collections . It is perfect for this . I can easily size dividers to fit my different sized rocks and crystals . Easy to label dividers as well as see through the box . Highly recommend these plano for this purpose .
 I use these boxes for storing bracelets , each in its own compartment . The removable dividers allow me to customize each box for the bracelets in them . The hard sides and tops protect the bracelets from damage , and so far they also seem to protect the silver bracelets from tarnishing . I am buying more to store necklaces and large pins and broaches in .
 A work of art in metal . Elegant in a classic , understated way . This knife in sterling silver , hammered finish , replaces a traditional red plastic sided knife just like it I 've carried for 25 years . I could n't wear it out , but I always wanted one in sterling . Service from Amazon was great . I jacked around with eBay for 3 or 4 days bidding on used ones and losing the bids at the last min to someone who thinks eBay bidding is a sport . Then I noticed I could buy a brand new one from Amazon for less than the used ones were bringing on eBay . Duh!By the way , the one in sterling I bought does n't have the tweezers and tooth pick ... just the knife blade , nail file , and scissors . There was an insert that came with the knife that says the silver work was hand made by Lund Silversmiths . I Googled Lund on the web and their products are sold in places like Neiman-Marcus , but no knives are shown . I 'm very pleased with the knife .
 This version of the Classic is missing the tweezers and toothpick . It would make a stylish `` statement gift '' , or a nice addition to a collection , but if you just want a useful little knife you 'd get more functionality with a regular Classic for a lot less money , and less weight too . This style is noticeably heavier than a regular Classic with plastic sides .
 It would be 5 stars had it had the toothpick and tweezers which were said in the Amazon item listing to be present , just as my old Tiffany 's version had . On the other hand , Tiffany 's current version costs $ 275 for nearly the same item , adding a gold plated Victorinox crest and Tiffany logo . I suppose if I paid $ 275 for the Tiffany 's version knowing I could buy this one for about $ 80 + and were asked to rate the Tiffany 's version , I would only give the Tiffany 's 2 or 3 stars !
 I bought this beautiful knife for my husband for our 25th anniversary . He likes knives , and this one is beautifully made . I selected the classic version , and I had it engraved with a personal message . It is just perfect . I can hardly wait to give it to him . It is quite heavy . I 'm actually glad it does not include the typical tweezers and toothpick , as they always seem to get lost anyway . I 'm hoping he will put it on his keyring and keep it with him wherever he goes . I am thrilled with the knife , and I was quite impressed with how fast the knife was delivered . It got here well before they said it would .
 might have already said this , but this store is great . wonderful quality and , most importantly in this impersonal age of online retail , amazing customer service !!!! just like working with a family owned business , which it may be . i highly recommend shopping with them . and call them if you 've got special requests or questions or changes to your order .
 I particularly liked the hammered pattern because it shows hand working of the silver . The other barleycorn and other design are more machine made looking . The sterling silver adds a heft to the knife that is very pleasant . I think this is the ultimate keychain for your dream car , or just the perfect gift for the Victorinox Swiss Army Knife enthusiast wh o has the other versions . Something not appreciated by everyone since not all will realize that this knife is sterling silver and not just like the $ 9.99 one at Target that they saw on their friend 's keychain . A great deal too when Amazon was having a $ 10 off Victorinox Swiss Army purchases over $ 50 .
 I 've just discovered that there are classier ways to keep a utility knife on your keyring . No humdrum plastic red , black , -LRB- insert other colors here -RRB- . These sterling silver Classic knives are fully functional as well as being a touch of snobby . I mean really - who wants to show off their sterling ? Nobody . That 's why it feels so good to keep it with you , use it as you typically would . Eventually , however - someone is going to ask about it . And you can blush and say ... ` awwww shucks ' . There are several styles that look fancier/lacier . I chose this one because it was not quite so ... obvious . No toothpick . BFD . REMINDER
 I bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift . He was thrilled with it . The knife is beautiful , well-balanced and has the basic functions
 knife is awesome - and at a great price . do n't try to take it on a plane !
 This seems to be a great product . You ca n't go wrong , especially for the price . I would buy this product again .
 The watch does everything it advertizes and works great . I coach a swim team of thirty kids and this allows me to keep splits from meets , look at stroke rate , and allows me to store it all . My only complain is that the start button is also the split button , this is different from every other watch I have used . to stop the watch , you hit the button that normally gets splits , you can see how this can cause problems . Oh well , once I get used to it , I 'm sure it 'll be fine .
 I love this cover so far . It looks wonderful and slides on my Cleveland blade putter with ease . It is actually just a tad big , but does n't seem to fall off . Fast shipping from Amazon also . Received the item at an APO address in Korea in just 6 days .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 the set was perfect except for the wrapping on the tanto , the blades were sharpened and there was nothing else wrong with them , the etchings on the blades were beautiful , i didnt recieve the free knife with it o dont know why though , but if you have the money and are interested in owning a great set buy this one and you will not be disappointed
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Length :
 This is a great grill . It turns any * camp chef stove into a grill . -LRB- * They do n't recommend using it with any of their high-pressure burners . I asked . -RRB- And not just any grill , but a real grill that produces great flavor . I was a die-hard charcoal user , but this grill has won me over . The diffuser plate does indeed burn off drippings , and this combined with the nice iron grill surface makes food that 's darn close to charcoal-cooked . This and a Camp Chef Explorer two-burner stove was our tent camping setup for a few years now , and I just love it . I recently purchased a single-burner stove just to run this grill box , and it performs just as well.Pros : - It heats up fast , and is able to maintain high heat easily . Good searing capability . - Great flavor - High-quality - reasonably portable along with a single-burner stove - Surprising amount of room on the grill and within the tall lid . - The carrying case they sell for it is a must.Now for the cons : - The lid is not hinged , so you need a place to put it while you tend to the food . If you have a single-burner stove , do n't buy their lid holder , as it has nowhere to mount . It only works for a two-burner . - You can overwhelm the drip plate with grease , and what ca n't burn off quickly WILL drip on the ground . So unless you have some method of ground cover , do n't put this on your deck or patio . - It has no handles on the sides , so lifting it off the stove is a careful effort . - The camp chef stoves can sometimes be frustrating in the wind . Watch that your burner does n't blow out.In summary , for my camping use , family of four , it 's perfect as long as there 's a table nearby to place the lid on . Wish there was a drip-free version that I could use at home on my deck .
 This grill box is perfect for patio and camp grilling/cooking . I would recommend this product .
 We picked up the grill box to turn our Camp Chef 2-burner stove into a barbecue when grilling over a fire was n't possible . This accessory is worth every penny ! We used it twice this weekend on our camping trip - once to make pork tenderloin and once to grill chicken . We were thrilled with the outcome . I was worried that the small grill box would n't be big enough , but we fed 8 people both nights with room to spare . I should point out that it 's a little hard to clean , but I 'm sure I 'll get better at that as I get used to it . I 'm very pleased with this purchase . I 'm going to pick up the carrying case though because it is a little bulky .
 This is great for quick grilling for two to four people -LRB- maybe 6 but crowded -RRB- . Did n't put 5 stars because there are two things that I do n't like :1 -RRB- it takes a lot to warm up .2 -RRB- if you do n't use the lid it takes a while to cook.Other than that is very practical and an excellent complement for my single burner stove.I recommend.Buy a grill thermometer , it 's very useful with this grill -LRB- is like a disc that goes directly in the grill -RRB- . Amazon as always delivered very in a excellent package and on time !
 Durable and virtually non stick . Some little maintenance required -LRB- which I do n't mind -RRB- to make sure it is clean from remnant of food -LRB- you can burn the `` scraps '' and use a stiff brush to brush them off/through the grill . Coat it from time to time with the special `` butter '' made from the cast iron .
 This works pretty well for camping for a few people but also as an alternate BBQ at home when we ran out of room on our home BBQ it worked great to do hotdogs or corn . Just keep up on the seasoning of the cast iron grate . Recommended a strap to tie the who thing together to make it more portable .
 Works great and just as advertised . Great accessory for the Camp Chef stove . A must have if you want to grill anything .
 as always a chef product made to last and last . done pk butts , ribbs , brisket . the quality is unbeliveable . just keeps on cookin .
 We already had a camp chef stove and barbeque for our motor home , but wanted something smaller for our truck camper . This item fit the bill along with the single burner camp chef stove . It works great and does a really delicious steak !
 I purchase this grill to use with my 20 year old Camp Chef two burner stove . I am very pleased on how well it grills , food has a lot of flavor . It looks like the Camp Chef stove has changed and gotten a little bigger since I purchased mine , it is advertised to fit all of their stoves but it does n't fit perfectly on my old stove . Mine is a little smaller than the current generation of stoves that Camp Chef puts out , but it still works fine . I will probably purchase a single burner stove from Camp Chef to do all my grilling with this item later on but for now it will do just fine with my old stove.My only complaint is that the grill does n't have handles on the lower section of the grill so you have to wait for it to cool down before removing it from the stove if you need use the burner it 's on to cook other item 's . Other than that , I think it 's a great item .
 Great product . Excellent design . Fits nicely on the stove . Easy to take on and off the stove . Heats quickly and evenly . When making the corns and grilling vegetables , I found it more effective and quicker to just set the vegetables directly on the grill so you could get the direct flames and a deeper grill .
 ONE WORD THE BEST ! NO COMPLAINTS IT CAME EARLY AS PROMISED IT WAS NO DAMAGED MY HUSBAND LOVES HIS GRILL THANKS AMAZON
 Worth the money . Would recommend to anyone with the camp chef setup . Like all the camp chef equipment . Very good product .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I had purchased this same product over a year ago . I still have the first one and needed another . Both serve the purpose . The vinyl that the plastic clip are fastened to do not hold up to well but the zipper on the bag serves as a good back up to keeping the bag closed .
 If looking for well fitting , reasonably comfortable , cheap waders that get the job done and do n't leak look no further .
 An excellent set of baseball cards at a very good price . A very smooth transaction with this seller .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I 've had this knife for about a year and used it several times both for cutting scion wood and budding . It seems to be very well made like other Victorinoxs I 've owned . The blades snap open and closed with a solid feel . It comes razor blade sharp , and has a nice thumb `` rest '' to hold the budding blade from folding back on your hand when you are opening bark for bud placement . Both blades are beveled only on one side so you can make a flat cut on your scion wood . The only downside in my opinion is that there is no way to attach a lanyard - making it a just a bit easier to lose .
 I did not realize that Victorinox is the same name as the infamous Swiss Army nives . When I did some research and came to this realization I was commited to buy this knife . Unfortunatly it was not immediatly available . I placed a watch on the item and about two weeks later it was available . item was sent standard USPS and arived in two days , nice!Pros : Sharp2 bladesSpecial section for lifting barkSwitzerland Stainless steelCons : None observed
 This knife is great . I have purchased many knives over the years and Victorinox is one of the best . I usually do n't like to spend a lot on &#34; work knives &#34; but since this is more of a surgical instrument -LRB- for grafting -RRB- I ponied up and spent the extra $ 15 that I could have save and it is well worth it . Do n't be cheap on a grafting knife , you will regret it in the long run .
 Loved this knife ! It is super sharp and the flat edge makes clean , even cuts . The second blade is perfect for budding . Best deal for the price.George Ocegueda
 After I purchased this tool I discovered that it is the same grafting knife used by a professional in her rose nursery . It is substantial and the 2 blades are very sharp .
 My husband loves to graft his fruit trees and was so happy to get this as a present . He really liked the double blades . He looks forward to some successful grafts with this garden tool .
 For my first attempt at grafting I decided to go with a name that I 've carried with me for 35 years . Sounds like a commercial ... but it 's hard to beat the steel in a Swiss Army knife . I got 100 % success on my grafts by the way .
 My wife is taking a masters gardening cores and thinks this is the cats meow . ss so no rust and sharp as can be .
 Just received from the `` Swiss Knife Shop '' thru an Amazon order . It 's not listed on their web site that I could find.In perfect condition , unused or untouched . VERY sharp special tool for grafting plants . An older production model -LRB- I think ? -RRB- with `` rostfrei '' on both blades . A definite collectors item.Very pleased to have a copy . Bargin price too ! Brass accents are vey rare and look great .
 Very nice knife ! Too bad my GF lost it about a week after I got it for her :--LRB- ... maybe I 'll buy her another one !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I bought 2 of these for my boys to start Preschool . The 2 year olds seam has ripped on one side and it was only used for 2 months -- 2 days a week before it pulled and now it is n't usable . The school has referred me to next time buy a different kind that this could be dangerous after it ripped .
 I bought one of these , but in red . High quality seat . This is a well made product with decent padding . I have seen other banana seats that have very poor padding . It fit perfect on my daughter 's 20 '' bike by putting the front seat post clamp to the rear of the bottom seat pivot . It looks well made enough that it should last as I keep moving it onto larger bikes as my daughter grows . The glitter seat looks especially cool in the sun.Edit , three weeks after purchase
 like the old style look ... can.t find these sany where ... not mounted yet but will soon ... really need seats that are wider bigger
 Got it for Christmas - I Love it!Love the large face , the color , and glow-in-the-dark features - Easy to take off 'n on , too Would highly recommend it !
 I love this watch . After a fourteen year relationship with my kinetic watch sadly ended I replaced it with this water resistant Invicta . The face and numbers are large and very easy to read . I can even see the date ! I keep my watch on all the time . Hopefully this will last me another 14 years too .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 `` The Ab-Doer is a piece of junk ! '' - `` I used it a couple times and did n't see ANY results ! `` Those are just a couple ridiculous reviews I 've stumbled across the web when researching the Ab-DOer . I saw so many negative reviews for this product that I almost did n't purchase it , but I gave it a go and I must say I was impressed . It 's a GREAT abdominal workout , and considerably reduces the presence of fat around your midsection , but please note
 Ive had an ab doer since the first one came out , if you do n't have a consistent work out every day or every other day for atleast an hour , and diet ... yes you ca n't use your ab doer and then eat a tube of Pringles and wonder why it 's not working for you . Duhhhh . . it works and is great if you have back problems like myself , you just have to want to lose the waist line bad enough to put in the time and put down the junk food / and over eating .
 Good machine - excellent price - purchase & shippingBut remember ! You got ta get on the thing and do the work .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I have only had the knife for 2 weeks . Only time will tell , but it works very well so far . It is all you need from a knife . I have bought similar products for 5 to 10 times the price . You can buy 10 of these for the price of a good tactical knife . Very sharp and works well .
 First I am not a knife snob , just need a decent , losable/cheap clip knife for work.I was very surprised on the quality of this knife . 440 steel , fairly sharp outta the box . Initially stiff but smooth now . Only gig I can find is the placement of the clip causes you to spin the knife to open after removing from your pocket.I ordered 2 more . Also the S&H ; charges does n't increase very much at all , when purchasing more then 1 knife .
 Toward the end of the day on Tuesday , I was at work , putting trophies together again . My production manager Blane was in high rant , saying that I 'd been breaking too many silver plated screws , scratching expensive brass Eagle-in-Flight figures and producing crooked marbleized trophy bases . What does he expect ? - I 'm in the sales department . He should be grateful for the extra pair of hands . Actually , I only do it so my customers do n't complain that I always deliver their orders late . He approached me from behind , wrapped his arms around me , grabbed my hands and walked me through the assembly process , while lecturing me with beer breath . He told me to pay attention this time and not be a lazy Mexican . He 's been drinking more since his ex-wife took him to court and the judge doubled his child support for all three kids . Still , it was the third time this week he 'd manhandled me , and it was only Tuesday . I knew I 'd lose my job if I surrendered to my immediate conviction of elbowing him in the gut . I had to make no such decision , however , because , as if by an act of Providence , the UPS lady showed up , and we had to help her schlep twenty-one boxes in from her truck . Coincidentally , one of them contained our TrophyCentral single-column trophies , the most popular and cost effective , but still significant , awards for schools and churches , complete with white marble bases and engravable brass plates , and an assortment of plastic figures . I told Blane he should order more TrophyCentral products . They 're much easier to deal with . The figure bases screw all the way in - you do n't even have to saw off screw shafts . Most of the time . Their plastic figures are very nearly fabulous because not too much shaving is needed around the edges , the molds are pretty , and the finish stays bright for at least a couple of years , unless you expose it to direct sunlight , which I always instruct my customers never to do . Among them were two-dozen Male Bowling Figures , splendid in their golden detail , for the bowling alley down the street . Every Wednesday night they have a contest , the beer is half off all night - you 'd better believe that Blane is there every week - and they proudly give the winner a single-column trophy with a Male Bowling Figure . One wonders what they do when the winner is a woman .
 I purchased this holster after looking at it in a gun shop . I am very pleased with the security it provides while the gun is holstered . It also make the draw alot more comfortable and places you trigger finger in the proper position for safety . I would recomend this to anyone with at pistol .
 Got this for my Glock 23 . This is not very good for CCW if you do n't wear super baggy shirts or a jacket all the time . But it 's great for everyday carry ! Sturdy , easy to draw from the holster , and stays in place . Has lots of adjustments for the belt and personal preference .
 I am in Afghanistan and purchased this for conceal carry over here , I assume it is fine my wife said it was what the discription said it was . Also , it arrived quite fast!Thank you
 Took a while to receive the holster , but once it arrived , I was happy with it . Its not the greatest for concealment , but it works well for what you pay for it . The release system is intuitive , and the whole SERPA line is versatile . I already have other components for the SERPA system , so I can swap the basic holster from a concealment belt rig , to a paddle , to a tactical thigh rig . There are those that do n't like the SERPA holsters for various reasons , but I 've never had an issue with mine , and it was used very hard during a year deployment .
 did n't know what to expect . the description was n't the best but for the price i had to take my chance . i love it , even with the paddle holster it is still not uncomfortable .
 My Glock 30SF fits perfectly in this holster . The only thing I do not like is that the holster sometimes get stuck on my pants when using the paddle holster .
 Great holster for everyday carry , but maybe not the best for concealed carry except with winter clothes . Really like SERPA Auto Lock release , because it holds weapon secure while on 4-wheelers or tractor at the ranch .
 I really did n't think this holster would wear as good as it does . Holds my big and heavy SIG 226 very secure . Comfortable for what it is . If you have a large loose shirt or sweater can be used for concealed carry . Adjustable slant and both belt loops and paddle make this a good deal . The carbon fiber is cosmetic only , looks like its a thin sheet glued on top of the cheaper identical models . Looks kinda cool though , so no biggie . Only question now is what to do with all the other holsters that will be collecting dust.UPDATE
 I purchased this holster as the first holster I ever owned . Being a new handgun owner I did n't really know what to buy , but wanted some way to put it on my hip so I could have it with me when shooting out in the desert . What is great about this holster is even if you hold it upside down and push the button on it the gun will not fall out . If you want the firarm out of the holster you have to push the button AND pull on it for it to release . The operation of this holster is very smooth for removal and clicks into place when when inserted . I never once had a problem getting my firearm out when I needed it .
 The Serpa CQC Carbon Fiber Black Holster from BLACKHAWK is a great holster that securely retains your firearm yet provides extremely fast access to the weapon and is easy to re-holster . I used this holster for years while working as a firearms instructor and in a plain clothes assignment with a baggy shirt over the holster so that the weapon was concealed . I never experienced any problems or malfunctions with the design of this holster . The learning curve for proper drawing and holstering is very fast.Myself and a group of other firearms and defensive tactics instructors also conducted some drills with this holster to test its ability to retain the firearm should a bad guy grab your weapon . The test consisted of a person starting with their hand on the weapon and then attempting to either
 I did not realize how durable the holster was until my brother accidentally sat on it when we were switching out the belt loop holster for the hip holster . Sadly , I do n't have my Walther P99 to put in the holster yet , but I 'm sure it will fit just fine . Great product
 easily adjustable , many mounting positions . comfortable to wear in various positions . very good positive lock , that is also easy to disingauge when needed .
 I use this holster with my glock 19 . Fits like a glove . pistol slides into place with an audible click . Seems to hold very securely . When you push the release button , your trigger finger is conveniently in the proper place outside the trigger guard . Have mostly used it with the paddle adapter for concealed carry , but it also comes with a belt loop adapter . lightweight , comfortable . Can be integrated with a blackhawk tactical leg harness .
 Fits great on my belt . Holds my 17 perfectly without `` sticking '' . Release button feels `` exactly right '' . Definitely would buy again .
 The blackhawk CQC SERPA holster is a excellent product it as met all my expectations on a scale from 1-10 it 's a 20 thank you .
 I have a Glock 22 Gen 4 . Bought an Uncle Mike 's holslter and it did n't hold it as firmly as the BlackHawk . Lots of guys when I was in Iraq had them but I did n't buy one just for the year I was there , I used the issue holder . This holster is versatile and can adjust for nearly any size belt or be used as a clip on to the side of your pants . Great for taking to the range or in an open carry state . Holds it snug and you can adjust the release tension to suit your draw style .
 There is a reason why more than 70 people have rated this holster at 5 stars ... I have one for my Beretta 92FS 9mm and my PX4 Storm .45 ACP . The fit is great and the padel holster is very comfortable . Secure retention , quick draw , comfortable ... Ca n't complain .
 Although there have been some concern about the design of these holsters , I believe they are quite safe . They certainly prevents your gun from being grabbed easily by someone else or falling out by accident . If you have good and practiced gun skills , this holster is an excellent tool .
 This is my third Serpa and I love it . Great design and quality . Big bang for your buck -LRB- so to speak -RRB- with both the belt attachment and a paddle . I bought this after searching high and low for a retention holster for my Springfield XD-M 5.25 9mm . This works perfectly . The muzzle protrudes through the end of the holster but there is zero chance of the sight snagging , which was a big concern . I know there has been talk of this somehow being an `` unsafe design '' because of your trigger finger placement . My two cents
 The holster is easy to use and holds my Ruger SR9C in tight . The price is good and I received the product on time .
 i just ordered it on thursday and i got it 2day . 100 % satisfied ! ill will be a returning customer , thanks .
 Very comfortable , perfect fit . Really like the retention feature . Easy release but still feels secure when the pistol clicks in place .
 I purchased this product after having many cheaper versions and leather-type holsters . This holster is sturdy and offers many different options for carry . Whether you are open carrying or concealed , this holster is light and comfortable to wear all day . The retention system is second to none and allows piece of mind when moving around that your weapon will not come out.Purchased for a Beretta PX4 Storm
 So far so good . I did not buy this item from the seller , but did go out to buy it in my local gun store . I really like , because it is a great design . Quick to draw from concealment , really love the way on how you must remove the gun from the holster . No need to use other fingers . A must to have for anyone who is looking for a new holster for any gun.A bit bulky for my because the style of gun I bought it for . I will recommend any blackhawk holsters to anyone . Thank you for reading this .
 I have been a law enforcement officer for over 20 years and have purchased numerous holsters in my career . I already utilized a Blackhawk Serpa for my Sig Sauer 9mm and when I obtained a new Glock 17 , I immediately decided that the Blackhawk Serpa would be my holster of choice . Why ? Blackhawk has raised the bar by creating a high quality , easy to use Level 2 retention holster . It securely locks your weapon in the holster every time . The trigger guard lock is very secure and can be easily disengaged when drawing the weapon . The quality of the holster is reflected in the proprietary blend of polymers and carbon fibers . The Serpa CQC is a concealed carry holster . Why would you need a level 2 holster for concealed carry ? My question is why would n't you ? Do you want to ever risk the consequences of having a fight over the possession of the weapon and lose ? I submit that purchasing a level 2 concealment holster that is secure but fast to withdraw and unlock is a no brainer . I fully recommend Blackhawk Serpa holsters .
 The model for the standard Glock 17 9mm fits perfect . Easy release and the paddle holds on well even if your pants are a little baggy .
 I bought this holster for my CPL pistol . I wanted something inconspicuous and easy to release when needed . I bought 2 holsters . I bought a Milt Sparks and this one . I heard rave reviews about the Milt Sparks and I like the holster , but I have to admit I like two features of this one better . The SERPA button release is very nice and holds the gun well . The second thing I found I liked was the finish . I have learned that natural materials have a lot of minerals in them and over time really wear the finish of a gun down . So that was my concern with the Milt Sparks . Is is well made , but the inner surface is very rough . So this holster has the advantage there for me.I have to admit I have only had the holster for a couple of months , but my first impressions are very good . There was one negative though . The Sig Sauer pistols have knurling at the front of the trigger guard . That knurling seems to grip the SERPA mechanism while I try to re-holster the pistol . So I have to push the button to get the gun back into the holster . -LRB- I am waiting for the `` Click '' of the mechanism -RRB- My guess is that over time it breaks in and gets easier , but for now , I need to use the button both holstering and un-holstering the weapon.I was also surprised at how easily you get used to the button . Once you practice it a few times it is butter smooth and intuitive . The holster even has a very natural `` finger '' shaped groove that feels good when you use the button . It makes a no need to look draw that I enjoyed . I think I will wind up finding use for both holsters , but I can definitely say I am happy with this product.Thank you for your time .
 Blackhawk is the only type of holster I ever used for my handguns . The retention is secure and positive , yet intuitive to release on drawing .
 The holster is much higher quality than folks on the internet would lead me to believe . The carbon fiber material -LRB- still seems like plastic to me -RRB- is much stiffer than other brands available in this price range . I am also confused by the folks that complain about he retention -LRB- the lock and release button -RRB- . Umm . . if you did n't want retention why did you buy a holster that has it ? The same `` forget to push it under stress '' can be said of any holster with a thumb break . Get want you want , but make sure you train with it ! I am not a fan of the button , but need it for a particular application . I will say if you are looking to carry concealed with it , for some reason it does not pull the butt of the pistol in towards your body like other comparable brands . Yes , I know it is not really made for OWB concealed carry -LRB- and I did n't buy mine for that -RRB- but it was a noticeable difference . It is not the best holster I own , but it was a lot less expensive than a Safariland and a lot of value for the $
 This is a great Holster , I like the paddle option making it quick to put on and off . the paddle is soild with little flex . Also the exterior trigger lock is great for security and safety and puts your finger in the correct position when you draw.What kept me from 5 stars are the 2 hooks that are optional on the paddle to hook to your belt if you like and then the hook that is permanent on the lower paddle . If all 3 are on the paddle its near impossilbe to take the holster off with out taking down your pants . Even with just the one lower permanent hook , it very difficult to take the holster off . Of course , this makes it super secure from someone trying to take your gun off you . I have 2 other holster with paddles and they have different methods of keeping it on but are easier to remove.I would recommend this hoster to friends and I would consider purchasing it again .
 I have a Blackhawk Serpa holster for all my handguns that they make one for . The active retention devise is , in my opinion , is a must for CCW . Some have said the device has caused accidental discharges . The causes of these discharges are the result of negligence and improperly releasing the device by pressing with their fingertip and not the pad of their index finger . By using the fingertip , there is the possibility to place the index finger in the trigger guard when removing the gun from the holster and negligently pressing the trigger . Some will complain the holster is not very good for CCW . This type of holster is best concealed with a tucked undershirt and a loose fitting untucked cover shirt , preferably button up dress shirt .
 This holster was on backorder from Blackhawk so was pleased to see someone stocking it . Shipped quickly . Everything I expected
 I own a bunch of different holsters but this one is my favorite one . It 's the most comfortable to ware and the most secure .
 This is my second serpa holster from Blackhawk and I will continue purchasing from them because I know that my firearm is secure at all times . I have one for my Sig P220 compact and one for my Beretta 96 . Both paddle and belt modes are versatile . I ca n't wait to set these up with the male female molle rigs !
 Nice holster , gun fits good -LSB- glock model 22 -RSB- . I think a leather pancake holster would be better for concealment and tighter to body .
 It 's adjustable for tension , it fits the gun its designed for perfectly , it 's built solid and you can see/feel the quality . They retain the firearm well yet still make it super-easy to get the gun out fast . Great product .
 ... even though Blackhawks ' own site states it fitting the 9mm and .40 cal . My USP .45 fit without issue and more importantly , releases without issue ! I took a chance and was very pleased with the purchase .
 Size 25 fits my full size Smith & Wesson M&P ; perfectly -LRB- 9mm or 40 but not the 45 -RRB- . It comes with a paddle you can use , or just go with the belt loop attachment . I 've tried both and prefer the belt loop attachment , but the paddle option works pretty well . It stays pretty solid and is obviously easier to remove if you do n't want to take your belt off just to remove your holster . Either way you use it , draw and re-holster is quick , easy and solid.Can ' t pull the weapon out of the holster without pressing the release , which is perfectly placed to draw.The whole thing is n't uncomfortable at all either . It 's quite compact for what it is and there are adjustment screws to change the angle of the draw.All in all a great holster . I ca n't find a single thing wrong with it .
 Es una funda excelente , es ergonomica y funcional , facil de usar y no pesa ni molesta al colocarla , se puede usar en dos posiciones
 I shoot a lot and have a bunch of guns . After taking this holster with a sig 226 to a combat training exercise I decided to sell it and get the version without the auto lock retention system . Why ? While the super secure retention seems like a good idea in theory the extra time you will spend removing the gun in a real tac situation may cost you your life . I can almost guarantee you that in a stressful situation you will not hit the small release button right away .
 I received the Blackhawk CQC holster as descriped . It is exactly what I wanted . The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is I have not had it long enough to see how it holds up .
 The holster fits the Judge with 2-1/2 '' cylinder very well . It is a hard composite plastic and the locking feature works great . It fits snug and hangs real well with the belt or paddle .
 I bought this holster to use with the shoulder holster rig . The rig sucked , but I liked the holster , so I kept it and sent the shoulder rig back . I like the belt mount as shown , adjusted for maximum height . With the paddle mount attached , the holster tends to stick out and hangs a bit low for most of my prefered jackets . If you like a paddle rig , I recommend the Fobus HK-1 for your SR9 . It rides higher and tighter and for me , I found it to be more flexible and comfortable . I found that the width of the paddle that came with the Bkackhawk relegated it to only one spot on my hip which was reasonably comfortable for standing/walking , but not optimal for sitting or driving . Due to the excelent retention/release system , I think this would be an outstanding holster for external tactical applications . Also , for those of you that have an SR9C , you can cut off an inch or so of the holster to get better concealibility without affecting the integrety of the holster .
 I purchased this for my Sig p229 as an off duty holster . It is extremely popular with my co-workers , and that is why I purchased it without really trying it first.I was a little concerned about the negative reviews of the index finger lock release , but after several uses I just wo n't have that problem.I use the holster in a vertical/straight up position , and my finger still stays on the slide of the gun as it releases . It 's nowhere near the trigger guard.If you have short fingers and if you have an alternate holster setup -LRB- Canted , etc. -RRB- , I could see how you could curl your index finger and maybe get it wrapped into the trigger guard.The basics : Fits the Sig p229 perfectlyLocks tightly and snugly , with a loud audible snapIndex finger release lock is smooth to operateKeeps pistol close to your hip and rides a little high , allowing this to be concealed decently with a long shirt/jacket combo.Comes with an optional paddle holster -LRB- have n't used and probably wo n't use , but you never know , it could be useful -RRB- 5/5 stars , exactly what I wanted for the right price
 This holds my P229R .40 when I am hiking and fishing in the backcountry . I am not law enforcement or a competitive shooter . Just a dude that wants to securely carry a sidearm which may be drawn easily when off the beaten path . With that info , I may not be the right person to review whether the holster sits too high or low , if it sticks out too far or not far enough , or any of the other nuances which may affect a professional in deciding on using this holster . I have practiced a bit and feel I can draw quickly enough in a pressure situation.The finger release is intuitive and easy to operate . It seems to hold my Sig well and relives me of worrying about the gun coming out of the holster when I am scrambling over rough terrain . It is the most secure , quickest draw of holsters I have tried in the past . No adjustments have been made for more or less draw tension . It just worked well right out of the box . I have n't felt the need to mess with the adjustment screw , though I have noticed a very small bit of wear on the slide 's Nitron finish due to rubbing . Nothing like what I have seen with Kydex `` pressure '' holsters which use a couple of screws to adjust the draw tension . My gun is a weapon , not a showpiece , but I do n't expect this holster to leave me with excessive wear like a Kydex holster has done to my HK USP in the past . Granted , the HK 's polymer frame and Sig 's alloy frame are different animals , but I have not noticed any frame wear on the Sig with this holster.I love the paddle , as it allows easy carry without the bulk or adjustment of a belt . It is quick and simple to wear and feels quite secure . If your wear your pants sagging low like the kids nowadays , you may have a problem.I tried the holster on my Bianchi belt and it worked well , but one of the reasons I wanted this holster was to rid myself of the belt.This will not be my last Blackhawk ! holster .
 An excellent holster for all purposes . The active retention system does not slow down a proper draw and holds the weapon securely . It is very versatile because there are several quick adjustments you can make to the holster depending on your preferences .
 This is a nice , well-made holster . Build quality is good , the design is great , and it is fairly easy to switch between the paddle and the belt attachments for the holster . However my M9A1 - a member of the 92 family - would n't fit in this holster because the M9A1 has a rail under the barrel . Although it is advertised as a holster for the Beretta 92/96 , it will not fit one with an accessory rail . That detail was left out of the product description . I returned the holster , and had no problems returning it to the vendor . However I do n't like the fact that I had to pay shipping on this holster , twice , because the product description was inaccurate .
 retention is great , perfectly fits my M&P .40 . Holster was a little expensive , but it 's not going to fall apart any time soon so this is n't really too much of an issue .
 OK let me start by saying I 'm far from an expert in handguns or holsters . But I know quality when I see it or touch it . I was using an open top Fobus paddle Holster for my pistol . I have a Taurus 24/7 OSS Tactical pistol in 9mm . The Fobus holster was fine for my initial use & until I learned more about holsters . But a few problems with the Fobus nagged at me . I did n't understand why they bothered until I handled this Blackhawk holster & saw & felt the difference . First there was no retention to the holster . It was all too easy to just reach over & pull my pistol out just standing in front of me . I did n't know this when I bought it as I said earlier I was no real expert in these matters . Secondly it was demonstrated to me just how easy it was to twist out the paddle that held the holster & my gun to hip . Both of these scenarios , demonstrated to me by a state DOT officer , really opened my eyes to the need for a retention holster that at least offered level 2 adjustment -LRB- whatever that meant -RRB- . After careful study & going on the same officer 's recommendations I found Blackhawk . Now of course after finding the holster that fit my pistol I immediately went to Amazon to see if I could order it from here . Good news when I saw it was available at a better value than the other online retailers & it was eligible for Prime Shipping as well . A win-win situation all around . I ordered on a Saturday evening & received the package the following Monday.After at first just getting accustomed to the holster & learning how it worked I found it to be exceptionally tight & hard to remove my pistol . But once I learned how to effectively adjust the retention & practiced my draw technique -LRB- both are must do as soon as you get a holster like this -RRB- , I was able to draw & re-holster my pistol without much trouble at all . I tried the included belt paddle on the holster but never got too comfortable with it 's placement on my waistline . So I stuck with the belt attachment & it works great . I also like that the pistol rides a little up & off my hip in the holster making it easy to grab the handle of the gun in an almost natural reach to my side motion . The weight of the pistol is also greatly reduced in this holster . It is n't the lightest pistol I 've ever used or had in a holster either weighing in at almost 40oz with a loaded magazine -LRB- which is how I carry my pistol chambered , cocked , & locked , otherwise what 's the point ? -RRB- so I appreciate the fact that this holster reduces the pull down effect on my jeans.I find the construction of this holster to be superior to the Fobus holster it is replacing for daily carry use -LRB- I 'll still use the Fobus at the Range during practice -RRB- . The material it is made of is a soft touch polymer & completely shields the barrel of the pistol which is also a good thing . Another nice side effect is the thin body construction of the holster . This holster allows me to actually wear it with the pistol inside while driving & using a seatbelt in my car . That I could n't do with the Fobus holster for reasons I do n't know why as they seem almost the same size . I find almost no faults with this holster at all in terms of it 's construction & packaging or the included instructions . I also learned this holster is made in the USA -LRB- Montana -RRB- which I 'm all for as well.This is my first Blackhawk holster but it will not be my last . Highly recommended for duty , recreational or personal defense . Blackhawk got the endorsement of a law enforcement officer to me so that was enough to convince me of the quality . I 'm glad I listened !
 I really love this holster . It fits my Walther PPQ perfectly and I have no complaints . It was shipped here in a reasonable amount of time and customer service was exceptional . Thanks !!
 I had second thoughts about buying this holster , but when it arrived and my gun fit perfectly I have had no regrets . I love it . My gun stays snug and it will not fall out until I release it . I am going to be buying a Taurus 24/7 real soon and I will be ordering one for it . Well worth the money .
 Nice holster for hip placement , leg tactical , and shoulder via attachments . It fit my model perfectly and was easy to use , very high quality construction .
 I bought this holster for my father and he loves it . The paddle is n't much more comfortable than the belt clip so either way you go , you ca n't go wrong . The Paddle IS uncomfortable when sitting , but that 's the only bad thing we have found about it . If it only came with one or the other , I would have given it a lower rating .
 I bought this holster for my Taurus 24/7 G2 compact and it fits great . Love having the level 2 security .
 I purchased this holster based on all of the reviews here and all over the internet.I seems everyone is in agreement , this is a really great holster ! Look at all of the 5 star reviews.This holster fits my Glock 30 like a glove.There is no break in period and it wo n't stretch out or lose its shape because it 's made of carbon-fiber composite materials . Also , you can easily adjust the angle -LRB- cant -RRB- for your belt.If you are concerned about a release button on your holster , do n't be . The position of the release button is perfect and feels very natural.I have several holsters and as with all of them , my finger is right in that same position every time I draw my weapon.You will be impressed as to how natural it feels to simply apply pressure with your trigger finger to the button and the weapon is released.Lastly , it arrived right on time.If you are looking for a great holster , do yourself a favor and give this one a try , you wo n't regret it .
 Paddle included is a bit too wide and is difficult to remove from belt . The belt loop hook-up works great and is fully adjustable for optimum concealed carry . Removal of pistol is easy , and return locking clip works good .
 First off , I love the 809c - compact and with either 12 or 17 round magazine . Surprisingly EXCELLENT trigger . Only one problem - finding a holster . I searched and searched the interwebs for a solution , and finally resigned myself to having to make my own holster with a kit . Not a huge problem , but I just wanted an easy solution for carry around the house , range , etc. and for concealment when wearing a coat . The Blackhawk ! Serpa CQC size 30 is your solution , 809C owners . FEDEX dropped it off 20 minutes ago , I opened it , and fully expected to be slightly disappointed with the fit and retention . Nope . The quality is , unsurprisingly , excellent . The 809C fits as if this holster was made specifically for it . Retention is excellent and the indexed trigger finger release is smooth and without a hitch . There is a tiny amount of `` slop '' when the pistol is in the holster , but it 's a slight amount of `` up and down '' slop that really is n't an issue and may be fixable with some very minor tweaking . I 'm completely satisfied with the fit as-is . If you have a Taurus 809C Compact , you will be very happy with the Blackhawk ! Serpa CQC Size 30 holster !
 Very Nice Very Strong Very Well Made Great Customer Service Got The MOD-U-Lokk For It So I Do n't Have To Take Off My Belt To Take It Off . By Far One Of The Best OWB Holster Make Today Blackhawk Always Makes Great Products
 It takes some experimentation , but after fiddling with the screws on the back , you 'll finally find a carry position that is comfortable . Very comfortable . The screws that I 'm referring to are for securing either the paddle or belt clip onto the holster and has multiple adjustments . It 's a little annoying that you have to take screws on/off for the adjustments , but ultimately , I feel it makes for a more secure fit.The draw on this seems as fast as a holster without some sort of active retention system . A natural draw places the finger right on the `` remove '' button , and with practice seems to require no more effort than those with passive retention systems . Plus , you get the `` safety '' of a level 2 holster , and more importantly -LRB- possibly -RRB- , reduced liability for carrying a firearm . In fact , several police department tests have found that , even after a strong struggle , it will take at least 30 seconds for an assailant to remove the firearm from this holster -- and that 's assuming you 're not trying to stop the assailant . That 's pretty good.It 's also rather nice that when you put the gun into the holster , there is a crisp * snap * that tells you no one will be pulling the trigger . Without this holster , I 'd be reluctant to carry my gun with one in the chamber.It 's also easy to conceal with during fall and winter . I 'd be hesitant to conceal & carry with this during spring and summer . Part of its comfort and ease of drawing is that the holster holds the gun slightly away from the body . Unfortunately , that also means the gun is more likely to print . It may make you a little self-conscious , but I have carried it in public , sans jacket and heavy clothing , without raising alarm.The product could really use more detailed instructions or explain the adjustable carrying options . It would n't cost much and may allow the holster to be used more effectively , more quickly , which could lead to a more enjoyable customer experience -LRB- and hence more sales from word of mouth -RRB- . The gun is also a bit loose once in the holster ; you 'd think a holster specifically meant only for Glock 19/23/32 would secure the gun tight , but you 'd be mistaken . It 's not terribly disconcerting or unsafe .
 I do not know how the product is , but I can tell you that their customer service is excellent . I ordered the item above accidentally intending to get a right-handed holster . I emailed the seller and asked them to cancel the order . They canceled the order without a problem . I am very pleased . A + +
 I like this holster ! It 's very solid and secure , with a smooth release and ready grip - no re-positioning your grip , your trigger finger lays right over the trigger guard upon release and is ready to go .
 The holster works great but the buying experience was less than desirable.The Amazon picture shows a right hand model but received a left handed version.Notified the seller that I received the wrong model . They offered a full refund or the option to send the correct model . I replied that if they could sent it in the next couple of to go ahead and do so but let me know as soon as possible since I needed it for a class . It took a couple of days for them to reply which made it too late to sent a replacement . I asked for a refund and got one but was out the return postage . Found the correct holster locally and less expensive .
 I 've heard good things about Black Hawk products for a long time . I decided to check this holster out because I needed one for my Sig Sauer P226 Elite . It arrived quickly and in good condition . My gun fits perfectly into the holster which is always a concern I have when ordering online . However , I was able to draw quickly and return my gun with ease . The release works well with a natural drawing motion as advertised . The locking mechanism holds the gun in even when I run -LRB- self tested -RRB- . I would say a definite buy all the way .
 Excellent purchase ! Would recommend to anyone . Was not able to find fit for sigma , but after reviewing forums , found that M&P ; fit Sigmas.Fit is excellent , adjustable screw controls retention . Comes with adapters for Belt or Paddle -LRB- outside pants -RRB- carry .
 Excellent quality from Blackhawk and it includes both the paddle and belt loop attachments . This model Fits the 24/7 OSS and I would imagine the 24/7 long slide as well . This holster completely covers the slide and front sight , this is very important because most if not all other holsters for the 24/7 series will be about an inch short . I think this is one of the first kydex retention holsters for the OSS and long slide 24/7 .
 I was surprised at how well this worked . I was n't expecting to like a `` plastic '' holster . It carries a loaded SIG 220 very well .
 Works well and looks good . Paddle is easy and fast to use . My gen 4 glock model 22 fits great .
 Used this holster as both an Infantry Officer in AssCrackistan and again as a contractor . Some people do n't like the finger release system , but I always felt safe going `` hands on '' and not having to worry about the weapon falling out or being taken out.Own one for every handgun I own .
 In the state where I live , open carry is allowed . I have always been concerned about someone trying to pull a snatch and grab . Not that they would be successful but when you open carry you attract a lot of attention , good and bad . This holster is secured in your pants via hooks . It is not easy for me to remove the holster and would be possible for a thief . The holster has a mechanism that then locks the pistol into the holster . To remove my weapon they would need to be at the right angle to grab the gun , depress the release and lift the gun up out of the holster . You ca n't get that level of protection in other holsters . I also like the holster because the angle at which it is carried is adjustable forward and back . Very comfortable to wear . It is the only holster I will every buy for an open carry situation . Highly recommended .
 I had to wait for a longer time to ship this holster but when it arrived I was very delighted.The price paid was great.The holster was just as described and it fit my Browning 45 automatic great .
 I have several holsters by different manufacturers and this one holds the weapon the best . Of course you have your give and takes , for instance this is a little bulker than the Fobus brand of holsters . Another thing I like about the Blackhawk is that it does n't cause the pistol to show signs of wear along the slide and trigger guard like some others . Would recommend this holster , the seller and Amazon .
 Got a Serpa CQC black matte for my SW MP40c and it 's a great fit . Works great and after a little practice I was pushing the button before applying any force to draw and it 's smooth and easy now . It sticks out a bit from my waistline and I generally only use it with a larger coat or when open carrying . While it 's not ideal for concealed , it is OWB , so ... I can really only see using the paddle because of how the weight of the pistols pulls down on the belt mount . I ended up trimming off the barrel end as they make the same holster for the full sized and compact 40 so it 's more material than needed and therefore you 're concealing extraneous holster , I saw someone else referencing this same issue with their PX4 compact .
 Ca n't complain . The holster is great , and I was able to get it cheaper here than any of the other sites I usually order from .
 I set this holster up in conjunction with the drop-leg platform from blackhawk . Retention is very good , and the draw is instinctive : -RRB-
 This holster is one of the best on the market . There is no way someone else can take the weapon out of the holster without it being at the right angle and pressing the tab . I do not use the paddle option because I have seen them break off in a struggle and they also take a little more time to put on in my opinion . Get it ! its worth it !
 I ordered this from amazon and it came quickly and as advertised . It feels solid and durable . I have not used the paddle portion -LRB- it somes with the belt loop and the paddle mount -RRB- The gun wo n't come out of the holster for anything unless you push the button and the holster covers the `` outside '' side of the trigger guard so someone can not pull the gun out of the holster against you or as a dumb prank . The button is really easy to push and once you do push the button the gun comes right out , no resistance at all ! I love this product .
 This is the second Blackhawk holster that I 've owned for my S&W .40 pistols . Each of them are well-made and very functional . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who carries their pistol for person protection .
 The 4.5 '' XDm clicks in and holds tight . The muzzle end sticks out a wee bit but it 's legit . Other than the nice grip , it draws really well . To re holster just drop it in the slot and it clicks.Some people do n't like this holster because they are scared of it . Do not be afraid of this holster . Learn it , respect it , and trust yourself because you have practiced it and have confidence . Remember the saying `` Slow is smooth and smooth is fast '' . Be safe .
 Not only fit the handgun it was ordered for , but also works for two other handguns , -LRB- all TAURUS full size -RRB- , and is very well made . I have other BLACKHAWK gear and as usual , it 's all well made and fair priced .
 Arrived quickly . Works as advertised . I will buy another one of these for my .40 cal . Seems it hold up well to repeated holsterings as the retention system is secure .
 BLACKHAWK ! is a well known brand used by security companies , police , and military forces around the world for a reason . These holsters are good , made of a lightweight polymer , and function like they say they do . The company is n't known for putting out poor products.Mine is for a left hander on a Springfield 1911 A1 Loaded model . So I was skeptical when it said fits 1911 Government Model and Clones , considering variations can screw things up . This holster lives up to what it promised , and I love it . The best feature is that the release for your weapon relies on the finger , and by design , will place your finger on the frame and out of the trigger guard , ensuring you wo n't shoot yourself or discharge when you are n't ready . It helps to remove error , teaches the shooter the proper draw , and works extremely well at doing it 's job
 Just wanted to say real quick that this is pretty kick-ass with the Taurus Judge!Mine has a 2 '' chamber , and I believe that is about the length of the barrel as well.Doesn ' t stick out at all . The retention button is simple to use and works great.I snapped this guy onto Blackhawk 's thigh rig , and it 's perfect for anyonewanting to show off that amusing , and big-ol Judge!Happy shooting !
 Good product , but it tends to not latch the gun into the holster and you have to repeatably try and holster the pistol . Still all in all a good product .
 Blackhawk 's SERPA works excellent . This one holds my Springfield XDm perfectly ! Also will hold my XD-9 if I wanted to carry it . Sturdy , durable , comfortable . Easy to holster and easy to draw the firearm . Awesome holster !
 Love this holster ! Simple design , easy to use ! Its also way cool that it comes with not just the belt attachment , but the paddle as well , which is super comfortable . I have an extended mag release on my Glock 22 , and a lot of people complain that it rubs your side when the firearm is holstered ... not true at all . This holster rocks ! Cant beat Serpa CQC holsters !
 There 's not much to say except you get what you pay for ! This holster is absolutely amazing and a very high quality product . 10/10 , would buy again .
 This holster is well worth the money and is like haveng 2 for the price of 1 . I have looked at these before for much more money . You do n't have to worry about your firearm coming loose from the holster no matter what terrain or environment you may be in . Firearm ca n't be jerked from the holster by someone else without the locking mechanism being pushed . My Taurus Judge fits perfectly in it and stays locked in until I push the release button to remove it .
 I recently purchased the Blackhawk Serpa concealment holster for my Springfiled XD9 and I love it . It 's high quality and easily configurable , I have it paired with my Bianchi PatrolTek belt . The lock feature is really nice because you do n't have to worry about someone easily disarming you . I use this setup as an armored truck driver/messenger so I feel much more confident that it 'll serve me well . I looked at the Safariland 's which are very good but a little too pricey , this holster is about half the price and worth every penny .
 I have 3 of these holsters for different guns I am a firearms instructor , they are fast , and secure , I love all 3 of mine , only holsters I 'll use now
 When I purchased one of the new FNX-9 handguns my dealer tried several models of the holster and found the H&K USP Full Size 9 was the best fit . After some adjusting of the tension screw they had it set to work nice and smooth . This is Blackhawk model 410514BK in matte black . I had a SERPA holster for my Glock 19 and was very happy with it .
 I ordered this holster for my `` public defender '' model of judge . fits the gun like a glove and I realy love how it grabes and locks onto the trigger guard . No foolin ' with staps on this one , just draw as you normaly would with your finger pressing the button . A bit pricier online than what this type of holster goes for here in the buckle of the bible belt -LRB- alabama -RRB- 28 $ at acadamey sports -RRB- , but they did n't have one for the judge so ... anyhoo , good holster but shop around for the better price .
 This is a very good product , I use it all the time and it has held up very well . It has a release system on it , which is very nice , because the gun wo n't fall out . Very good product . Very pleased with it .
 I 'm no expert but I like the variations that came with the holster . I can position the holster to make a convient draw suited to my needs .
 I have previously purchased BlackHawk Serpa holsters for my larger and heavier guns . If you 're going to open carry , or carry concealed , this is an excellent OWB holster . You have the versatility of a choosing both a pancake or belt loop style . I do n't care for the pancake variety holsters for a variety of reasons , but using this holster with the belt loop attachment provides a comfortable ergonomic fit on your hip . There is minimal movement on the belt and the gun rests close to your body for better concealment . Most important of all however is Blackhawks unique locking mechanism which is smooth and flawless and makes it virtually impossible for the gun to be grabbed and pulled out of the holster by a bad guy . The release is very natural and operates smoothly on the draw . The fit is exceptional both on this holster for my Taurus Judge as well as my other BH Serpa holster for my full size Springfield 1911 A-1 .45 ACP . A lot of thought and exceptional engineering w
 I now use this type of holster for on-duty and off-duty carry . I checked around a lot of different places and Amazon had the best price I could find .
 This holster is made for the Taurus Judge with a 3 '' barrel and a 2 1/2 '' chamber . My Taurus Judge Public Defender has a 2 '' barrel with a 2 1/2 '' chamber . The gun fits the holster as shipped but was a little long for my liking so I cut a little over a inch off the end . Now it fits my gun perfect . Which makes it a better concealment holster for the Public Defender .
 Over all its great and this is hard to find with this price and for h & k p2000 . Get it while you can .
 Amazing product , buy it and do n't look back.More words required . . more words required ... more words required ... more words required ... more words required ... more words ...
 I 'm no expert , but was very pleased with the fit and quality . It would be nice to be able to cant the weapon a little easier with notches or the like . I 'm sure they thought about it , so it must not be a viable option or I just did n't find the model that would . Oh well , I 'm happy with it anyway .
 this holster fits my Sig SP2022 like a glove ! It is absolutely perfect ! The pistol is secure when in holster but easy to pull out fast thanks to the locking mechanism . A must have for the Sig SP2022 !
 Excellent ! This holster is well made , intuitive in function.A quick smooth draw when you need it , firmly retained against any snatch attempt .
 This is the only holster that I will trust to carry a loaded Glock . If my Glock -LRB- 26 or 27 -RRB- is carried in a non-locking holster , I do not have a bullet chambered and rely on a rack of the slide to fire the first bullet . The Blackhawk Serpa is lightweight and gives me confidence that if I have a serious slip or fall while hunting or hiking , that I wo n't have an accidental discharge . While the holster does not pull the gun in as close as I would like to my hip , the safety afforded by the locking mechanism drove my purchase
 While I prefer the retention of my duty holster -LRB- a Safariland level 3 holster -RRB- , this one is nice as an off duty/concealment holster . When you reholster your firearm there 's a nice audible click to be heard and you can feel it clicking as you grip the gun . There 's no way to get the gun out without pressing the button , and if you 're pulling the gun up you ca n't press the button to release the gun , nice if you 're struggling with someone who 's trying to take your gun.The belt loop is nice because it holds the firearm close to your body , and makes it easily concealed with a T shirt or a jacket , I have n't tried the paddle attachment yet . Drawing the firearm is effortless , though it may take a while if you 're used to a thumb break -LRB- like my duty holster -RRB- , but it 's nice because it puts your index finger along the slide which is where it should be at all times until you 're on target . Overall a good quality holster , my preferred method of carry daily , unless I 'm going somewhere that I need deep concealment .
 this holds my sp2022 very well , i like how when i am active it does not pop out . it you have a flashy piece this is not a good holster for you as it scrapes the side of your pistol
 I use this on a daily basis it holds my firearm secure and is comfortable to the point you hardly know you 're carrying it and the p95 is a good sze gun .
 good buy and a sweet holster works great for my Glock 22 gen 4 . I would recommened to anyone . ca n't even tell when carrying
 Nice retention for a concealable holster . If using this holster for concealment , I do believe for this model that the PADDLE will conceal a bit better than the belt method . Nice concealability for a OWB holster . Beware of the retention screw , do not tighten too much . I have n't been able to get these holsters very tight at all , at a certain point the screw will drive itself through the plastic and ruin your holster . Although Blackhawk is pretty good and offered to replace the product even though I did n't buy it directly from them and had it some time with no proof of purchase . I still prefer a leather holster though .
 Bought this holster for around the home/range . It carries very comfortably and fits the firearm well and no sharp edges from the molding process . I would n't use it for concealed carry , but it 's perfect for what I wanted it for .
 I bought this for my Beretta 92fs . I love it , fits perfect , easy release when done properly . Also be sure to follow the instructions for applying silicone lube to the inside to help make draw time faster . I loved it so much I also bought the Serpa 3 version as well . I will buy this again for my other Handguns .
 My M&P 40 fit this holster right out of the package . I only needed to adjust the retention 3 half turns to snug things up . The level 2 security works great took only a few seconds to learn the release and draw motion . Well worth the money if you need a holster for easy concealment . Company shipped fast I had the item in 3 days .
 Anticipating the passage of a Florida Open Carry law , I purchased this holster for my Springfield XD Subcompact .40 S&W . This holster comes with both a belt loop and a pancake option . From the factory , the belt loop option is installed . I have a rather rigid 2-1/2 inch gun belt , but I thought this option still did n't keep the gun snugged up against my body -LRB- personal preference -RRB- . I installed the pancake option -LRB- 3 screws , supplied -RRB- and installed two clips -LRB- supplied -RRB- adjusted to my belt size . The pancake option keeps the gun very secure and snug against my body . There are 5 positions to which you can set the gun , straight up , 2 forward and two to the rear . Also , the pancake is very comfortable and after a short time , you do n't feel the gun at all . The trigger guard retention is very secure and a breeze to disengage . You will have no fear of having your gun knocked out or easily taken from you , but is very easy and natural to draw .
 I was very pleased when i received my Black Hawk holster . It was a litle more $ $ than others but now I see why . It 's made well and is very easy to conceal . A perfect fit for my Taurus 24/7 Pro and I like the trigger guard lock a lot . I do n't have to worry about the thumb break slowing me down when I need it the most .
 I bought this holster when I purchased my Judge and was extremely pleased ! Fits great and is ultra secure . I like the paddle clip for concealed carry and the belt clip and locking system are ultra secure . I have no worries about losing my pistol while out on the ATV or worries about fumbling with straps to un-holster the gun . Great holster !
 Bought this for my Judge and fits great . It 's tight , but it 's very secure and comfortable . Handles this heavy gun with no issues .
 Unit arrived later than expected but on time for new security assignment.It is great BLACKHAWK quality and it was cheaper than at the local GUN SHOW or at the local Martial Arts Supplier !
 I was wary of purchasing this without trying it out for comfort but quickly found out that it was one of the more comfortable holsters I 've used . The latching mechanism keeps the judge secure and when depressed it releases for very easy withdrawal .
 They do not make this holster to specifically fit the FNP-9 . I called Blackhawk and they said the Glock 19 model holster would fit my weapon with a small , one screw removal modification . I bought it and it fits my weapon superbly . I would recommend it to anyone needing a secure holster . Do n't listen to the `` un-safe '' claims some folks on Youtube are trying to make , unless you are in need of a chuckle . The truth is that you can make ANY product unsafe if you are a complete moron . This holster is safe and well made with a great design .
 I LOVE this holster . I watched and read several reviews between this blackhawk serpa and the fobus . I knew I wanted an active retention holster not passive . This holster comes with the paddle and belt loop which I messured would fit up to a 1 3/4 '' belt but it is adjustable for smaller belts . Im using the paddle with the extra belt hooks . This thing stays right where you put it and dont even pull away from your body much even if you try . The tension screw lets you adjust the drag the holster has on you firearm . The release lines your trigger finger up right where it belongs . And the 3 screws that attach the paddel to the holster allow you to adjust the cant . I can not say enough good things about this holster . You will not be dissapointed .
 This is a great L.E. holster . I work in a plain clothes capacity . I was concerned with this holster 's actuated retention . I was worried about my muscle memory , and the gun hanging up under stressfull situations . It works fantastic . The release button is very easy to actuate , and is in precisely the right spot for a master grip as you draw the weapon .
 I bought this holster after trying an off-brand version of the trigger-finger retention system . I liked the other one ok , but this one is great ! The release is perfectly positioned and Goldilocks perfect for tension when depressed to release . The button is a long rectangle , so it should be reachable by everyone with their different hand sizes.The release is pretty instinctual and your trigger-finger ends up exactly along the bottom of the slide , where it should be . It does n't take much repetition to learn and memorize the technique . I was hesitant to buy a holster with this retention system -LRB- release near the trigger -RRB- , but now I do n't know how a person would have a negligent discharge . I ca n't imagine having one with a proper trigger pull weight on a double/safe action pistol or even a light single-action pistol with proper draw technique -LRB- do n't prematurely release the safety -RRB- . The adjustable belt loop is nice and adjustable , fits up to a 2 1/4 '' belt . The adjustment is done via tabs that clamp down onto loops with screws , so they are infinitely adjustable . The paddle attachment that the holster comes with -LRB- a big plus -RRB- is good quality , but a bit large . It just fits between the belt loops on my 34 '' waist jeans in the 4 o'clock position , though the width is a plus for stability . It some funny bits to install for the belt sizing , but after you do , they work well . All of the attachments have a couple of tilts you can mount the holster at , which is a must-have for me.The holster and attachments are a sturdy molded plastic and are good and stiff , but do n't feel brittle or anything . It does n't seem to scratch.The holster is not really summer concealable as it still sticks out a bit , but it would probably be fine for winter . However , it is slimmer than most retention holsters that I have come across.I bought the right hand version for my Glock 22 Gen 4 . It fits almost perfectly . My only gripe is that it rattles ever-so-slightly when running/jumping , but it is not a big deal and of course it wo n't come out .
 The size 03 fits my Springfield milspec 1911 perfectly , it draws really and I feel confident that it is secure in the holster . Not very practical for ccw , it is bulky .
 The holster is of great quality with a flat black finish . It comes with all accessories to attach to belt or paddle for inside of jeans mount . The holster fits my 9mm Ruger P95 perfect and snug . It 's easy release makes it perfect to take as a side arm when out hunting .
 I just bought a Sig SP2022 and was worried about finding the right fit after reading reviews . But , I 've purchased this holster and was very happy that it fit perfectly . I was also pleasantly surprised to see that it comes with the pancake style to slip into your pants and the regular belt . Both fit tight against you and high enough for easy access to your weapon . It is a great holster !
 Beyond just being a good holster , as others have written , I thought I 'd clarify for those who are curious that yes , the Walther P99 model holster fits a Walther PPQ perfectly well.Given that the PPQ is simply an updated P99 , I believed it would work fine , but there are a few differences between the two that I was worried might negatively affect fit and function . These have no negative effect upon the function of this holster . PPQ owners have a great holster option here .
 The Blackhawk SERPA line of products is always made top notch . The only doubt I had was if Amazon 's website would get the sizing correct . The holster arrived today -LRB- 1 day early -RRB- , and fits my Ruger P95 perfectly . Everything is finished well , the adjustment features work flawlessly , and the gun enters and exits the holster smoothly . Nice !
 blackhawk serpa holsters are one of the finest holsters you can by . The level 2 is as good as it gets . no one can pull your gun out of the holster with out pushing the button . working at a pawnshop where you bend and have your back to a customer for a couple seconds , can save your life . Also Blackhawk has a lifetime warranty on their products .
 Got this for my .40 XD Service model , and it fits like a glove . I love how the trigger is totally covered -LRB- safe -RRB- when holstered and during unholstering ... this means I can put chamber a round and feel halfway safe about carrying it that way .
 Excellent product for less than 40 bucks . Had difficulty finding a holster for my Beretta 90-Two . The PX4 Storm holster fits perfectly . Barrel on PX4 is 4.0 inches and 90-Two is 4.9 inches so it sticks out past the end a bit . No problem though . This is a belt attachment holster but a paddle is also included . The draw is very smooth and natural . The retention mechanism is very solid . Can be adjusted for any angle you want . Highly recommended .
 This is a very good holster -- it holds the gun tight and secure . Be careful to keep your finger straight as you put the gun out of the holster . The only bad think is the instructions but you can look on the web for videos .
 Snaps into place easily and draws really smooth with just the press of a finger . Adjustable too , which is a plus . Plus , I got a $ 10 rebate when I bought mine . Very happy with it .
 Love it holds my glock 17 securely on to my hip with very little tug and pull . I strongly . Recommend this to anyone looking for a holster .
 very durable . sturdy . easy to use . great retention . comfortable . holds my firearm securely and ready to access if and when needed . This should be the ONLY holster you should own . you wont need any other belt/paddle holster
 This is a great duty holster and I would recommend to anyone . Holds side arm tight and is adjustable ... I love it
 This is a great holder ... it will work awesome at the range . Fit perfecto
 Bought this for my glock 22 . Love how it works and I like the option of either wearing it on my duty belt , or puting on the paddle and wearing it as a conceal carry . Very good product .
 I have always carried Blackhawk serpa holsters because of high quality and reliability , and this one holds true to the name . I have ridden motorcycles and dirtbikes and I have never had a single issue with it . Every pistol i own has a serpa to go along with it .
 Sent this product to my son in Afghanistan . He wanted this for his use instead of the standard issue holster which slapped against his side when running . This should work well .
 I bought this for work and it is amazing . With the name Blackhawk you cant go wrong they make great products I used alot of their stuff in Iraq I highly recommend them .
 What else do you want from a holster ? It 's secure -LRB- the pistol is locked into the holster -RRB- . It 's comfortable for all carry positions . It provides easy access -LRB- just a simple finger drag while drawing -RRB- . It 's rugged enough to stand up to everyday use .
 The Serpa CQC holster has proven to be a very secure but easily accessed holster for my Ruger P95 . The Ruger is a large frame 9MM and requires a stable platform in order to carry concealed . I purchased the paddle mount for the Serpa holster which provides a quick mount and is infinitely adjustable as to position on your belt . The release button is exactly where your finger thinks it should be and although the firearms is securely held the release is light and fast . Secure , safe , and quick access , what else do you want ?
 I did a lot of research on holsters before I bought one for my Sig Sauer P2022 . I read several that disparaged the Serpa as very dangerous to the user , even saw the video of that instructor shooting himself in the leg . Because of these negative reviews I originally bought the Safariland holster instead with the thumb break retention feature . You can read my review on that holster through the Amazon link . I had to return it because because they claimed that it fit the P2022 when in reality it was n't made for it.I had a tactical pistol class to attend so I took a chance & bought the Serpa . The fit was perfect . No jiggling or hassling to get the pistol into the holster and it makes an audble `` click '' sound when it locks the pistol in place . The draw to remove the pistol is easy to do and with about 50-60 practice draws , you become proficient on using your index finger to hit the release button & making sure you do n't have your trigger finger in the trigger box . What you 'll find after practicing is that in order to seamlessly draw the pistiol , you have to have your grip up high in the optimal & correct grip and you 're ready to shoot quickly . With two days of practice I have narrowed down my failure to disengage the pistol from the holster to 1 out of 11-12 times . With more pratice I 'll improve that ratio.Now addressing the safety issue
 Fits my Glock 22 like a glove !! Love how it holds the pistol in place until YOU are ready to pull it . Fit and finish are top quality . Amazon had the best price online , almost spent twice as much !!
 I am using this for my Beretta PX4 Storm 9mm full sized pistol and it works great . The secure release lock works as advertised and allows for a quick draw once you are familiar with it . What I really like about this holster though is that its lightweight and solidly constructed . I would recommend this to anyone who owns the Storm .
 The serpa Blackhawk holster is just what I was looking for.I use it with a large frame Beretta 92,9 mm and it holds thegun very secure . Was delivered in less than the estimated deliverydate . Very good quality as are all Blackhawk holsters I have purchased .
 This type of holster hold my S&W Bodyguard securely . The paddle attachment holds the holster in place without alot of movement .
 I debated back and forth over the blackhawk serpa vs the fobus holster . I ended up going with the serpa because of the design . I am satisfied with the form and function of the holster although concealing it can be difficult at times . That being said I am carrying a glock 17 which is not exactly a small frame pistol . The paddle is the primary form I use vs the belt attachment . No complaints sliding the holster into place . It is a nice snug fit , and it does n't seem to move once in place . I have no problems with the index finger release . Some say it is a safety hazard . I feel when used properly it sets your trigger finger up for appropriate indexing . I understand a quick draw for self defense but do n't get ahead of yourself by lodging a bullet in your own limb . Use common sense and all is well . My reason for a 4/5 star rating is the slight movement I 've noticed when the gun is holstered . The movement is front to back . Not a big deal but noticeable at times . I would recommend this holster for those who want more than a friction fit and would like the option of belt loop attachment as well as an included paddle attachment .
 holster is great , but I do n't use it . I would like to buy a smalled gun , the other is too big .
 SERPA holsters have always been held in high ranks in my opinion and they work great for most people . The only thing I wish Blackhawk would change is create a SERPA that has retention on the inside of the holster vs. the outside . Thus making it harder for someone else to get your gun away from you .
 Exactly what I wanted . Holds my duty weapon exactly as I wanted . Better than eBay . Better than waiting in line at a brick and mortar store then paying wayyy too much for the same item .
 What can I say that has not allready been said about BlackHawk . If you are looking for this kind of holster than BlackHawk is the way to go .
 The holster is exactly as advertised . it works perfectly and is more adjustable than I expected . Very well built and adds a little safety
 Need more be said ? this is the most functional , safe , and concealable holster I have ever owned . I love it so much I have one for almost every handgun I own .
 I 've had this holster for about 2 weeks now and I am thoroughly impressed . I did n't even need to adjust the retention amount on it either . A MUST have for all LEO 's .
 Very secure and once I got used to the button to release the pistol , it is as fast as not having one .
 Holster looks nice and is a good option . Its a little bulky and hard to conceal with most of my clothes . Works well when I 'm going shooting out in the country or if I have on a heavy jacket that is bulky .
 Excellent quality , as Blackhawk products usually are . Perfect fit for my Glock 19 . Comes with paddle and belt attachments . A + !
 I got one of these to carry a compact 1911 . They only have a full sized 1911 holster but it works great ! I would recommend this for anyone looking for a good OWB holster , and there 's no button snap or velcro to fuss with . The weapon will slide in and `` click '' into a locked position . When you draw the pistol , you slide the pad of your index finger on the button and the weapon easily comes out , with your finger on the slide . Some people say this can cause ND 's -LRB- negligent discharges -RRB- because your finger will go into the trigger guard or on the trigger , but this is not true ! Your finger goes onto the frame of the weapon , above the trigger guard , for most of you who carry a firearm this finger placement is the perfect tactical position to come out on a draw without risking the chance of shooting something you did n't intend to . I give this holster a 5/5 !
 I have had my Blackhawk CQC holster for a bit now and I literally could not be happier , It 's a comfortable , reliable , and it 's not gaudy . If your looking for a great gun holster pick this one , you will not regret it .
 Thanks for super fast delivery . . and I really like to quality of this holster . . it is quite easy to handle and durable . . also reasonable price as well .
 Given the affordability , light weight , and ruggedness of this holster , I 'm not sure why anyone would choose anything else . One thing I was worried about was that the `` release '' button would leave my finger in a curled position against the trigger when pushed to release the pistol -LRB- which could well be dangerous -RRB- . However , that is not the case and the natural push of the release button leaves my finger pretty straight and -LRB- most importantly -RRB- placed outside of the trigger guard of my weapon .
 Received my holster within a week . It fits my Beretta like a glove . The retaining clip prevented it from slipping or pulling out of the holster until i engaged the finger release , and is operating as advertised . It has solid construction and does not rattle . Comes with belt loop and hip paddle . Overall , very pleased . Look forward to updated reviews once i get into the field .
 I have n't met a Blackhawk product yet that I did n't love and this holster follows suit with the rest . I wound up removing the tension adjustment screw completely to get the weapon to draw smooth enough for my liking . Other than that I love the SERPA design and will continue to get one for every handgun I own .
 Use this for my Glock 30 . Holds it nice and firm ! I see they raised the price from 29.00 .
 I use with paddle for quick and comfortable on/off . Carries great in car and on the go . Locks gun in and wo n't fall out even if you hang upside down !
 This holster works fine for the 4 inch barrel . It just sticks out a little . No big deal . The fact that Blackhawk even makes a holster for this firearm in the Serpa model is amazing . I have been trying to get them to make a holster for the Taurus PT 92 with rail for years . I know there are many more PT 92 out there than Judges , but they will not make a holster for it . Go figure .
 Needed a carry holster for range trips and open-carrying of my new Glock 19 . This fit the bill VERY nicely . Amazingly well constructed and fits like a glove . The holster feels incredibly solid . Definitely felt confident with the button release to not have to worry about NDs/ADs and its still easy enough to get out should the need arise or while doing draw drills at the range . I highly recommend this product .
 Just about everyone I know uses the Serpa . It is well constructed , and mates perfectly to my Sig 2022 9MM . The release is smooth , and I actually found the resistance almost perfect straight out of the box . Additionally , there are a number of nice carry options included . Belt or paddle , it gives you a range of fits with the included hard wear . Definitely worth the price over nylon holsters.The only thing worth noting would be that there is no flexibility in your Tac layout . You will have to abandoned this holster if you ever add anything to the picatinny rails . I wish someone would release an easy to use modular holster similar to the Serpa , but that is n't so much of a criticism as a consideration for someone with a Taclight or laser .
 Blackhawk does n't make a holster for the XDM so I read other reviews saying that this would fit the XDM 3.8 and it fits perfectly , nice and snug ! Well made product !
 Love this holster . Comes with both paddle and belt attachments . Fits perfectly and best price around.Great buy . All around A + +
 This holster is tough as bricks and secures my S&W M&P 9/C very well . Completely covers trigger area and weapon will not pull or fall out without using the finger release . Put some blue thread lock on the cant screws -- they tend to loosen up .
 This thing holds my glock very securely , and the push button release is set just right . 5 stars , no cons I could even think of .
 While shopping around for a holster the Blackhawk Serpa was mentioned frequently , so I tried it out . Accessories are fairly rare for the Sig SP2022 so I was glad Blackhawk had one for mine.Not sure what else to say - it does its job and does it well . The retention is very secure , and requires a natural grip and button push to draw . You 'll need to practice the draw to make sure you get the right grip each time , though . The button requires a FIRM push , or else you 'll find yourself tugging at your gun . Another nice safety feature is that the button assembly of the holster fully covers the trigger , completely preventing you from pressing it by accident during the draw while promoting correct finger positioning.If there 's one downside to it , it 's that this holster does not allow for the use of any rail accessories . You 're better off with a non-specific leather holster in that case .
 The holster fits the pistol very well . It will work very well in my career in law enforcemnet . Thank you
 Met my expectations . Retention system works well . Option for padel is usful . I would buy this manufactures product again . Customer service a Blackhawk was helpful and informed .
 This is probably the 4th Serpa CQC holster that I have purchased through the years and it is the one I look for first . Highly recommended . I love the finger quick release , no fumbling with thumb breaks and easy to reholster securely without trying to reconnect the thumb break .
 I suppose after 40 years of Law-Enforcment experience , I am qualified to write a few opinions about this marvelous holster ... Several years ago I had the unfortunate occasion of having my service revolver grabbed out of my holster during a physical altercation with a suspect ... Actually was shot at with my own pistol ... thankfully the guy was a bad shot and I was able to wrestle the weapon away from him ... I since tried several different holsters ... all with different safetly/locking mechanisms which increase the retention-factor necessary to keep the weapon safely secured until needed - All of them work to some degree ... some more complicated than others ... all need a `` learning-period '' to become comfortable with the design and safe utilization ... I suppose what makes the BlackHawk so nice is the simplicity of it 's design -LRB- very short `` learning-period -RRB- ... The holster only requires a single button-push to release the weapon , yet the weapon stays firmly secure until that single button is depressed ... Perhaps the only reason that I am not giving this item 5 stars is that it still takes several weeks of use for a Dumb-Cop like me to become comfortable and familiar enough with the design to instinctfully find that `` right '' button and release the weapon , -LRB- nothing more embarassing -LRB- and dangerous -RRB- than reaching for your gun and being unable to get it out of your holster ... -RRB- At any rate , I happily recommend this holster ... BlackHawk is to be commended for it 's constant innovation in designing new and safer products for Law Enforcement ...
 I saw this at a local gun shop where they had a model out to try and I loved it . Here I found the best price anywhere , including other internet sites . The holster itself is excellent quality - I am a Blackhawk convert ! First , the holster fit my PX4 perfectly . I like the placement of the release button - it feels very natural as part of the draw process . It is hugely versatile , as well . It comes with a paddle as well as a belt slot so you can choose what works best for you or switch back and forth if you want . You can also adjust the cant or draw angle on both options . There 's even an adjustment for the width of your belt . A screw allows you to adjust the passive retention in addition to the button retention . It 's a great holster !
 I really like the index finger release which works very well , and also promotes good gun handling practice because your finger ends up off of the trigger , and on the frame after draw.The only down side I see is that it is not as concealed as I had hoped . Blackhawk did a good job designing it to slim it down as much as possible , but of course it is not an IWB holster.This will be my preferred holster once fall/winter rolls around , and I have a coat to help cover up.Good quality holster for concealed carry with a baggy shirt or jacket .
 I like the Blackhawk Serpa holsters , but this one is advertised as being for a Taurus Judge with a 3 '' barrel . What the seller -LRB- and Blackhawk -RRB- fail to mention is that this is for the Judge with a 2 1/2 '' chamber . The Serpa lock system will not engage the trigger guard if you have the Judge model with the 3 '' chamber . This is a really good holster , but be aware of the difference in chamber dimensions and do n't buy this if you have the 3 '' chamber .
 PRODUCTS I HAVE TRIEDNylon holsters with and without strap - .357 MagnumNylon holsters with strap - .45 Caliber 1911Galco Stow-N-GoDESIGN : Many holsters exist and it is quite difficult trying to find which works out best for your pistol . Comprised of Black Carbon Fiber , this system is stable and sturdy . Instead of Nylon or Neoprene , this holster is made of a more solid . It does not scratch the metal slide . A simple button allows a lightning fast release with your hand in the ready to fire position . The weapon can not be removed unless you push the button and slide the weapon up . Placing the gun back into the holster is easy and seamless -LRB- I recommend that you practice , unloaded , before you try this with a chambered bullet -RRB- . No visible metal components do allow for a perfect profile without any type of discernible sound when walking . You can hang your pistol on the belt or by the included paddle attachment . The paddle hugs the holster closer to you than the belt attachment . With the paddle , there is more equal weight distribution , allowing for a more comfortable carry and less strain on your pants/belt . It does seem to hang quite low for me , and the only way that I can see this working out for concealed carry is one of two ways
 This is one of those products that begs the question
 I 'm very pleased with the Blackhawk SERPA Level 2 holster for my SIG P226 . The holster comes with a paddle to hang it from your waistband , but I 've been using it exclusively on a duty type belt . The Level 2 retention release button is perfectly placed and intuitive to use . Press with index finger while drawing pistol . Very easy.When you return the pistol to the holster , you hear a distinct click as the locking mechanism engages the trigger guard . There is a small adjustment screw that allows you to set the tension with which the holster holds your pistol . Another nice feature is the range of adjustment for backwards or forward cant . I opted for the first forward setting which seems to be about 10 degrees or so past vertical .
 This thing is great . Lightweight and secures the pistol firmly when adjusted . The five seven is also light and I can jog when packing .
 I bought this holster based on Falconcc 's review . I purchased this holster for my Glock 30SF as well . It fits and retains perfectly . The holster does exactly what it is designed to do , and it does it perfectly . Obviously , it doesnt ' t conceal as well as other holsters , but it was n't designed to be the ultimate concealment holster . Having said that , it 's an excellent holster .
 everything they said it would be . have not used it at length yet but seems fine so far . belt attachment a little confusing at first but works out OK now .
 It works , design makes it a safety draw . The lock lets you know it 's secure . And the release is difficult to protect the wrong person getting the gun .
 I love the SERPA lock system but I thought the holster came up higher on the gun than it did . Should have ordered the version with the site protectors . Still a great holster though .
 Fits my Berretta 92FS just great . I love that it locks the gun in so it 's much less likely to fall out if I 'm on the move . It also makes it a little tricky for someone to try to grab your gun . This is a very versatile holster and anyone using it should be able to find a configuration that works for them . Blackhawk rules .
 Just works ! Like the security system that holds the gun in place and will not allow it to come out inadvertantly . Price is much better via Amazon than in stores or directly from Blackhawk .
 After trying out many competing holsters I settled on the BlackHawk Serpa CQC model . I find the design and function of this holster outperforms older traditional holsters . I have read many accounts of altercations or fights in close quarters where the &#34; other guy &#34; grabs for the gun and sometimes they succeed at which point the odds are stacked against the person who was carrying the gun . In a life threatening situation I do not want to make a move for my gun until I am at least 7 to 8 feet away from the assailant . The Serpa lock on this holster prevents it from being removed until the lever is pressed releasing the lock at which point the pistol can be withdrawn . After practicing this movement over several days it becomes quite easy to release the gun quickly.The holster is made from a very tough injection molded plastic that is easy to clean and it appears to be well made and should last for years . There is also an adjustment for the amount of friction you want to apply against your gun when withdrawing or inserting it into the holster . This is a slick feature that allows you to customize the feel of the holster to suit your preference . The holster comes with a sturdy belt attachment that can be adjusted to fit the width of your belt . I ran around the yard testing the holster and my Glock is really secure once inserted into this BlackHawk holster . I am very pleased with this product and now I am going to order the matching BlackHawk magazine holder to go with the holster .
 fits the gun perfect is very well made would recomend it . the fact that it comes with the paddle makes it a good at the right price .
 This is a great p , secure holster . Works great!It sits tight against your body , but there is no way that you can conceal with this holster for a large frame pistol . Luklily , I bought it as a duty holster , and not as a cow .
 This holster is worth every single penny ! I was looking for a good OWB holster for a Walther PK380 , as it is my favorite for conceal and carry . The thing is , i could hardly find ANY holsters for it ! Apparently the PK380 , while popular , does not have a huge market for OWB holsters . The ones that i could find were `` multi-gun '' holsters that were n't perfect fits , and i also found ones that were super expensive that i did n't even like to begin with . After spending hours looking for the perfect holster I decided to take a gamble on the Walther P99 `` size '' of this BlackHawk Serpa make . The P99 is the PK380 's bigger brother . I own both the Walther PK380 and the Walther P99 so it would n't of been a huge loss if the 380 did n't fit , but i am extremely happy to say that the holster fits both guns PERFECTLY ! Both guns `` click '' into place , there is no movement whatsoever , it is a comfortable holster , and both guns release from the holster with ease . I did n't even touch the tension screw , forgot all about it , because it worked for both of my guns from the get go.I have added two photos in the Customer Photo section . One is with the P99 in the holster and one is with the PK380 in the holster . I walked past a mirror while wearing one of the guns in the holster , while not wearing a shirt at home , and inadvertently realized that my tattoo that i got 5 years ago went hand in hand with part of what a holster and gun stand for . So , i thought it was a nice touch . The quote is from the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier . Bottom right is initials of my name and handle that i put on all pictures.Now , i have to mention that in the pamphlet it does say not to use the holster with guns that are n't on the compatibility chart , or use guns with holsters of the wrong size . I would call and ask before you purchase this holster . So this is just a reminder that this holster technically is n't labeled for the PK380 . No idea why , because both guns fit perfectly , but it is n't labeled so call the company before trying to use it for the Walther PK380.Hope this review helps ! I know there are a lot of PK380 owners struggling with finding a quality OWB holster option that is n't super expensive .
 Well after spending damn near 300 on the mitchell & ness Ron Jaworski jersey in a size 56 that was much too big for me I was quite pleased to find this premier jersey of my favorite Eagle player when I was a kid . Not only that it fits , and I wo n't cry if I drip BBQ sauce on it because it did n't cost me 300 like the other one that I never wear ...
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I bought this watch for my fiance ' and wow ! ca n't ask for more . They say `` you get what you pay for '' , but in this case you get more ... for what you pay for ! This is a serious time-piece for those watch lover 's . Do n't miss out on this Invicta swiss watch . You will regret it if you do n't jump on it ! I bought the same watch in men 's for the matching pair . `` Finally , the right time to buy a watch '' . &#60; br / &#62; ~ Alvin .
 is a good gift surprise for my wife.if you want to get a good watch for a good Price it is
 I purchased this watch because I wanted something a little different and I like the copper/stanless steel band . When I received it , I had to double check and make sure I ordered a woman 's watch . The face is a little big but I have grown to like it .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I actually clip the light to my shorts -LRB- and secure with the drawstrings -RRB- to run at night . It does a good job lighting the path in front of me so I can avoid potholes or debris on the path -LRB- branches , rocks , dog poop , etc. -RRB- . I also like the fact that you can tilt the light . The battery life gives me about one month of use , but you can order cheap batteries on ebay .
 I bought this headlamp to use as task light for a dental missions trip to Costa Rica . It is very lightweight and comfortable and I liked being able to position the angle of the light . However , for my purposes , I really needed a brighter focused beam . The light seemed to be too dispersed for me -LRB- at least for looking in someone 's mouth ! -RRB- . Considering the price , I thought it worked well , battery life was good , weight was very comfortable for long wearing times , and the light sufficed , though as mentioned , it was not ideal for my purposes .
 Victorinox is absolutely top quality . The size of these shears was not given in the product description , and they are only 7 '' overall . They have a spring-loaded action that keeps them in your hand and also holds whatever small branch or flower you have just cut . That is extra handy if you are cutting something at arm 's length , but you 'd rather it not fall to the ground . But I would n't use them on anything over about 3/8 '' green or 1/4 '' dry . Nice hard-wood handles .
 This is the best tool I ever found . I used to get bee stings while dead heading flowers . This tool lets you dead head with one hand . I have had no bee stings since using this tool.I have given these out as gifts to all my flower picking friends . Great idem.Thanks Elaine
 I have several pairs of these pruners ... they are the best for deadheading and keeping annual patio pots in shape ... I give them to my crew as well . . Wild Gardens LLC
 Very roomy with an attached screen porch . This is very easy for me to set up by myself . Just have to remember to put the rain fly on the roof and fixing it with velcro at the corners before lifting it up.In cold weather I use a small catalytic propane heater to take off the chill . It stands up to the wind really well . This one has n't been through rain yet , but I have a Bear Mountain which stays perfectly dry so thinking this will too . I have n't used the separator to make two rooms in the back yet , I like the open space , it 's huge .
 I was in all pleased with this purchase . I did find the instructions to be useless , and one plastic stake did come cracked so it broke when being installed . We did take the hint from another review , and bought and used the 6 pack mini colored electrical tape to color code once we got it up . Then we numbered on the tape with black permanent marker each step by number . It holds 4 large queen blow up mattresses for sleeping , but no foot room left . That gives you an idea of it 's size . Will sleep 10 adults if no mattress , and we will be sleeping 5 adults and 4 children on mattresses . I will try and request a replacement stake for the one that was cracked . HAPPY CAMPING TO BUYERS OF THIS TENT !
 Fantastic tent ! Spacious , comfortable and good ventilation . Performed well in a rain storm , too . Great bargain that I 've already been recommending to friends and family .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I recently used this headlamp for a camping trip . It is a great small headlamp . It is lightweight , bright , & feels comfortable on . You are able to direct the light somewhat -LRB- staight ahead to down -RRB- , but that same feature hides the on/off button when the light is straight ahead , so you are forced to have to rotate the lamp down to get to the switch . It 's just slightly annoying.I have not had to buy or change batteries yet , so I ca n't comment on that.The design made it easy to hang from other places to use as a lamp in the tent as well as its intended use.I felt that the elastic was a good comfortable width and easy to adjust.I would recommend this product .
 If you 're looking for a super bright light , go away!However , if you want something you can stick in your backpack and not notice the weight , something to help you see on a dark hiking trail or around your campsite , this works fine.I take it on all of my day hikes . I use it around home for small tasks , and let my sister use it for reading at night in a tent without disturbing others.Batteries are easily obtainable for a good price online.The five settings are nice , but I only use two ... the brightest and the dimmest ... the strobes are good to have if I ever need them.I have n't used this in the rain.Ridiculously light !
 These are excellent headlamps . There are plenty of stronger and brighter lights , but these have proved the best for me and my purposes . They have three levels of illumination and a strobe effect . They come on the adjustable elastic headband , but quickly comes off to attach , through a swivel platform , to the bill of a ball cap or the lip of a backpack or nearly anything that will fit in the 1/2 inch clip . They do n't really light past 10 feet or so , but are discreet enough to not disturb anyone or attract too much attention.I love these lights . They are inexpensive , fit in a pocket , have been reliable for me -LRB- I have four and want more -RRB- . Everything today is big and powered by AAA 's . These cr2023 's are harder and harder to find .
 I am now using my second Princeton Tec Scout . The first was recently lost when I knocked it off my cap into the ocean . Over the years the clip had loosened enough that I was able to knock it off simply by pulling a jacket hood up over my head . As quickly as I could , I ordered another . The Scout is small , light weight and produces ample light for night fishing tasks that require a hands-free mobile light source . And it 's made in the USA.The area that could use improvement is the clip that fastens the light to the bill of a baseball cap . If they could only find a way to get a good , tight clip -LRB- so the light wo n't easily fall off -RRB- that wo n't chew up the fabric on the cap , I would rate it 5 stars . As it is I would rate it 4 1/2 stars if I could . The frayed bill of the hat seems to be stylish anyway.The last Scout served me well and I fully expect the new one to do the same .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 5.11 makes great tactical wear . These pants are excellent for anyone in law enforcement , construction , or just into the outdoors . The pants are super durable , and have plenty of pocket space -LRB- without just going overboard with pockets -RRB- . I enjoy these pants so much , I miss them when they go in the wash .
 Fit and finish is very good . Price is better than anything else I 've found . This one had a neoprene gasket in the bottom that prevents Coke cans from rattling around . Buy it !
 The cup holder looks very nice and it fix perfectly in my boat the onlyproblem it 's the rubber liner became loose with the heat as soon as we start it using it . Good for the price .
 I recently used this headlamp for a camping trip . It is a great small headlamp . It is lightweight , bright , & feels comfortable on . You are able to direct the light somewhat -LRB- staight ahead to down -RRB- , but that same feature hides the on/off button when the light is straight ahead , so you are forced to have to rotate the lamp down to get to the switch . It 's just slightly annoying.I have not had to buy or change batteries yet , so I ca n't comment on that.The design made it easy to hang from other places to use as a lamp in the tent as well as its intended use.I felt that the elastic was a good comfortable width and easy to adjust.I would recommend this product .
 If you 're looking for a super bright light , go away!However , if you want something you can stick in your backpack and not notice the weight , something to help you see on a dark hiking trail or around your campsite , this works fine.I take it on all of my day hikes . I use it around home for small tasks , and let my sister use it for reading at night in a tent without disturbing others.Batteries are easily obtainable for a good price online.The five settings are nice , but I only use two ... the brightest and the dimmest ... the strobes are good to have if I ever need them.I have n't used this in the rain.Ridiculously light !
 These are excellent headlamps . There are plenty of stronger and brighter lights , but these have proved the best for me and my purposes . They have three levels of illumination and a strobe effect . They come on the adjustable elastic headband , but quickly comes off to attach , through a swivel platform , to the bill of a ball cap or the lip of a backpack or nearly anything that will fit in the 1/2 inch clip . They do n't really light past 10 feet or so , but are discreet enough to not disturb anyone or attract too much attention.I love these lights . They are inexpensive , fit in a pocket , have been reliable for me -LRB- I have four and want more -RRB- . Everything today is big and powered by AAA 's . These cr2023 's are harder and harder to find .
 I am now using my second Princeton Tec Scout . The first was recently lost when I knocked it off my cap into the ocean . Over the years the clip had loosened enough that I was able to knock it off simply by pulling a jacket hood up over my head . As quickly as I could , I ordered another . The Scout is small , light weight and produces ample light for night fishing tasks that require a hands-free mobile light source . And it 's made in the USA.The area that could use improvement is the clip that fastens the light to the bill of a baseball cap . If they could only find a way to get a good , tight clip -LRB- so the light wo n't easily fall off -RRB- that wo n't chew up the fabric on the cap , I would rate it 5 stars . As it is I would rate it 4 1/2 stars if I could . The frayed bill of the hat seems to be stylish anyway.The last Scout served me well and I fully expect the new one to do the same .
 I had purchased this from Amazon for my 7yr old son . His shoe size at the time was 4.5 . He is now a size 5 and can still use these fins without any difficulty in fit . They are not fancy but the fins work great and my son says they are comfortable . In looking for fins , it was difficult to figure out the sizing issue so I hope this helps .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 This is my first pair of good ski boots . They simply took my skiing to the next level . They are comfortable right out of the box . Strap them down and let them go .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I 've had this knife for seven years and it is excellent for a variety of uses ... most notably , as a tool for field dressing deer ... the small `` zipper '' blade works well and prevents opening intestinal tracts and also prevents you from cutting yourself when reaching into body cavities with a sharp knife ! The saw is indispensable , as well as a lock blade ... but wish they made a `` one hander '' with all the rest of the features ... but they do n't !
 I bought this knife because of a recomendation from Ron Hood and his survival videos . I can say without a doubt that I know why he recomends them . They are a Swiss Army knife on steriods . The main blade is extra long and holds an edge really well . The saw is also extra long and makes quick work of branches or the rigging for a dead fall . The gut hook is the perfect size for rabbits and squirrels , but not big enough for larger game . The main blade lock takes a little getting used to , but once you get the hang of it , it almost becomes a preference for a lock blade . I thought that I lost the first knife that I bought , and quickly ordered a new one . I have since found it , and am happy keeping one with my gear and one as my normal carry .
 Good quality . Nice design . Loved the deer head emblem , it was very fitting since I purchased it as a gift to a young man who recently started deer hunting . He was very excited .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband who loves the outdoors , and eventough he owns several knifes this one apparently had some tools he didnt had on others .
 My father LOVE his new knife , he was so happy when I gave it to him.This a great gift for a men who loves to go out fishing , hunting , etc. .
 This is so much better than the Swiss army knives I grew up with . Locking blade , light weight and comfortable grip make this a must have for backpacking .
 Purchased this same type item over 10 years ago and found them be great for a back-up hunting and survival knife .
 The knife is awsome as usual , a bigger blade size and safety lock . But the plastic is not as good as the classic ones . Construction does not feel as solid . Also , mind you guys , the color is Olive , the description di n't say a word about the color , and it looked almost Black in the picture . And when it arrived , I had to pay to ship it back .
 I have two hunters and they are still in perfect working order after two decades of regular light-duty use . Rather than explain how well this natty piece of kit suits my needs I 'll say this is the same model -LRB- AKA ` MRI GQ 1604 ' -RRB- selected by the company that has supplied British fliers with survival gear since the 1930s for inclusion in survival packs up to the 1970s . While I have no hesitation in recommending this knife it 's just a pocket knife and as such it ca n't stand in for a Cold Steel SRK any more than the saw can stand in for a BAHCO folder.In short it 's perfectly suited to a multitude of everyday jobs plus the occasional situation where it might literally be a life-saver . -LRB- Thankfully I have n't had occasion to cut any seat belts or dress a deer but I 'm sure it would do the job -RRB- . I have just one caveat
 Comes razor sharp , and easy to maintain with strop.Saw works surprisingly well.Quality and looks are above par.Just a great all around pocketknife that turned into my EDC ...
 I have had this same knife at least 10 years , and thought they had been discontinued . It is all the knife a deer hunter needs , the serrated gut hook will cut right through the sternum of any whitetail , keeping your main blade razor sharp . On small deer I also use the gut hook to split the pelvis , on larger ones the saw . I will be buying a couple for my young boys when they start hunting .
 This is a knife that I had for years and lost , I thought I was out of luck for ever using one like it ever again . One night I went shopping on amazon.com looking for knives and I did a search for this one and bam there it was !!!! It was just a few dollars more then the one I bought about ten years ago , ordered and delivered very saticfide !!!!!! ,
 This knife make a great companion knife for the outdoors-man , day hiker , or camper who is looking for something a little bigger than his usually scout/utility or the usual 3 1/4 inch Swiss Army knifeAt one time , I thought this knife was missing a can opener . I was wrong . I thought Victorinox opted to keep the bottle opener flat head screw driver over the can opener . Actually both of these tools were replaced by the combo-tool , which performs the task of opening cans and removing bottle caps while still functioning as a flat head screwdriver . -LRB- I 'd like to thank Bowser for pointing this to me ! -RRB- By adding the combo tool , Victorinox was able to add the gutting blade to the knife without adding another layer of tools . This make the knife lighter in the pocket without a loss of functionality.I chose to the Olive Green handle to add a little variety to my collection . The serrated gutting blade is exceptionally useful . Beside gutting small game , the blade is great for cutting line or small rope.The locking main blade is also a nice touch as is the saw blade . The knife actually makes a decent bird & trout knife . The main blade is large enough to clean and dress small game or fowl and could even be used to fillet pan fish.The saw blade , while really designed for a small tree limbs and such can also be used to scale fish . All in all a really nice knife that should please the small game hunter or the avid outdoors man . At 111 mm the knife is a almost 3/4 inches larger than the 91mm knives such as the Huntsman and Fisherman . This makes it more practical for field use but bigger in the pocket or tackle-box . Obviously this knife will not take the place of your fixed blade hunting or skinning knife but if you hunt or fish and are looking for a reliable multi-purpose folder with more flexibility that a standard trapper or folding hunter , this knife might be the answer you 're looking for.The fact that you can get it in traditional Red or the Hunter `` Olive Green '' is also a plus in my book .
 Product was delivered quickly , exactly as described , and at a very low price . We 've used these `` Hunter '' Swiss Army knives for decades on Wapiti , Ursus , Mule Dear , Boar , Pronghorn . Great value !
 I ordered this for my son-in-law for Christmas . Amazon must of shipped it the nano-second I ordered it because it got here fast ! Cool looking knife , with sturdy looking and very sharp blades . Kind of had to search for the toothpick and the tweezers , but they 're there . I know our hunting guy is gon na love it !
 I love knives and have several Case , Bucks and of course Victorinox knives . I consider myself a knife junkie and enjoy all of my blades . But this knife is often the one I carry when camping and hiking the backcountry ! Not to big to carry in the pocket and releases only when you want ! I have recommended this knife to many of my friends and have given them as gifts . It holds a edge and has a great corkscrew . Never know when you have to open a bottle of wine . High end , this is one of my ` Go-to ' knives.Thanks amazon and Thanks Victorinox for a great knife .
 I love these shorts ! I have finally found a COMFORTABLE pair of athletic shorts to wear while I work out . They are sized perfectly & are made of a wonderful light weight fabric . I love their length especially because they hit about an inch & a half above my knees , which is perfect for us more conservative women . The shorts fit sort of loosely , which is just what I was looking for , so do n't buy if you 're looking for a more fitted style of short .
 Truly great running pants . I have already used them to go running and they are very comfy . I highly recommend them .
 I played soccer in these shorts . I had the red and the white ones . For the white I had black spandex under neither and you really could n't tell I had them on . Now I am wanting to by a pair my self . I loved them and hope I do n't get disappointed .
 these are a must buy !!! i love the quality and I look so good in them if I do say so myself . I bought the large ones because I just needed a few dollars to fill up my cart and they were only 6 bucks . I usually wear a medium but these work fine . I would buy 100 of them if I could !
 I ca n't explain how much I love this knife . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Versatile - I work under all types of conditions so I need a knife that can stand up to a lot of different jobs . This knife cuts everything from plastic to wood and a bunch of other stuff . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Sharp ! - I 've used this to cut insulation which from my experience dulls knives very quickly because of the glass particles . This knife has stayed razor sharp through it all . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Lightweight - I hardly notice it when I 'm carrying it in my pocket . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Durable - I was worried that since it was so light and thin it would break , or at least the handle would mar easily . But it has taken quite a bit of abuse and has n't shown any signs of wear . I accidentally smacked it against a rock two days ago and if you look very close you can see a slight nick , nothing more.I 've gone through a number of pocket knives but this is the one I 've been looking for for many years now . I always have it with me . If I lost this knife today I would be ordering a new one immediately . It 's worth twice as much as what I payed for it . -LRB- Update 6/09 -RRB- Well I finally did it . I was using the knife to stupidly pry something and the handle cracked . That was six months ago and I since have gotten a new knife -LRB- different review -RRB- but I still use this knife to ... pry open shellfish . Really . Now it 's out of my pocket and in the utility drawer in the kitchen . It 's still useful and excellent . Amazon , can I add a sixth star ?
 KABAR 's Dozier series is a good and affordable everyday knife.The fiberglass-reinforced nylon handle weighs very little , but is stiff enough to hold in a tight grip.The blade bevel is a hollow grind , starting with a good thick piece of steel at the spine and curving down to a thin edge . A lot of low-priced knives have a very shallow bevel , and do n't cut well because the steel near the edge is too thick.The knife is available in several handle colors and blade shapes , so even if everyone bought this knife , not everyone would have exactly the same one . I prefer the standard `` hunter '' shape , which is closest to Dozier 's original custom design on which this model is based.The metal pocket clip is reversible for left/right options , but not up/down . The lockback design is secure . Some cheap lockbacks -LRB- and even some expensive lockbacks -RRB- are not engineered properly and can easily `` wedge '' themselves unlocked . The Dozier 's lock mechanism works well.This is n't a perfect knife . The sides of the handle , besides the nice grip texture , are fairly flat . A little more of a convex cross-section would help -LRB- eg , Cold Steel 's voyager -RRB- . The steel seems just a tiny bit softer than my Al Mar which is also AUS8 . And although the lock mechanism works well both for locking open and holding the blade closed , the opening process is a little uneven.But it 's worth 5 stars because relatively minor improvements available in other brands will typically cost you about 3-4 times the price . Kabar is offering most of the function available in more-expensive knives for a very small fraction of the price . That not only makes this a good relative deal , but also makes the total price low enough for people who would never pay half a day 's wages for some of those high-end knives aimed at collectors .
 The steel is very good and for the money I would say buy it . I have not had the time to really see how it holds up or punish it . Would I trust my life with it ? I do n't know at this time . Any military member who wants a good knife at a bargain price this is it . Any knife that you have with you is better then none . Its light weight -LRB- I do n't even know its there -RRB- Makes it a great companion to a good supertool . For the price , its a steal .
 I 'm a bit of a knife freak . I own close to a 100 knives , folders and fixed , handmade , semi-production , and production . Lots of knives and lots of money into them , from $ 15 to $ 1500 each . Many of my friends ask me about what knife to get , how much to spend etc. . I ordered this knife because I was really attracted to the design , and intrigued by the fact that for such a price it had AUS-8 steel . Even when I ordered it I was sure it would be borderline at best becuse of its low price . However , I had faith in Kabars ability to produce a high value knife , and Doziers typical high end quality . I own a few of both . When I talk with my knife buddies about knives , I always say your favorite knife is the one you carry the most . I have got to say this little knife is awesome regardless of cost . It 's a knife I use daily and have left some of my folders costing 10 times the price on my dresser along with many other folders now having abandonment issues because of this knife . It cuts great , sharpens easily , has no play in its movement , is easily opened by one hand , is well balanced , light weight , and is simply a joy to use . It 's the one I carry the most . I liked it so much that I oredered its little brother , the Mini Dozier folder for when I wear slacks . I may order another simply because I would hate to lose it . You simply cant go wrong with this knife .
 I got this knife from Amazon for $ 15 , which I think is a great bargain . And even at the current $ 21-22 cost , it 's still a good deal . I have used it on all my camping and hiking trips and it 's terrific.The drop-point blade is 3 inches long , very sharp and very solid . The handle is made of a composite that is light but strong , and it has a good pocket clip . The knife weighs between 2.2 and 2.3 ounces on the postal scale in my office.There is a lockback mechanism , not a locking liner , and a reversible stud for one handed opening.I think it 's just about an ideal hiking and camping knife , as long as you want nothing more then a very good , sharp , folding lockblade knife . And it looks cool .
 I just got this knife from Amazon for $ 15 , which I think is a great bargain . The drop-point blade is 3 inches long , very sharp and very solid . The handle is made of a composite that seems light but strong , and has a good pocket clip . The knife weighs between 2.2 and 2.3 ounces on the postal scale in my office.There is a lockback mechanism , not a locking liner , and a reversible stud for one handed opening.I think it 's just about an ideal hiking and camping knife , as long as you want nothing more then a very good , sharp , folding lockblade knife . And it looks cool . I 'm going to get another two as gifts .
 This is a great light weight folding blade . It has a solid lock up no play on the blade , its very sharp and feel excellent on the hand . Very nice jimping good reversible thumbstud -LRB- if you are a lefty -RRB- good solid reversible pocket clip . Strong zytel handle with diamond shaped grip bumps an adjustable torx screw to adjust the blade . A nice lanyard hole , and a great blade spine its thick , I really like this knife its the perfect size for EDC and you ca n't beat the price , you get a lot for what you pay for . Now I want the coyote and the foliage green . Great knife design , great price . You ca n't go wrong with this knife .
 The knife came very sharp out of the box . It was washed by accident , a month later no rusting or issues of any sort . best 28 $ I ever spent .
 This is a great knife for not much money . Solid lockup and the blade shape works well . I great back-up knife or gift .
 Fantastic EDC , smooth opening with a sturdy lock , slight close assist toward the end to help keep the knife closed , amazingly sharp out of the box and holds edge well under normal use . Thumb stud looks a little bit large , but works well.Would recommend to anyone looking for a reliable unassisted open EDC .
 This knife is a sharp as hell , good folder . The knife is light and a little large for the pocket but not impossibly large . The handle feels cheap and the blade is solid . It has held up well but it feels like the handle might not last forever . The price-point makes it a deal and it has worked the way a knife should so I can not complain . Ka-bar makes better folders , but not at this price , so this is a pretty good buy .
 Its not super edge holding steel or a tank of a knife but it will do knife chores well with no problems . Sharpens up very easily only takes a few licks with a diamond sharpener to get super sharp and very light in the pocket . Lock up is superb and snappy . I love the blade shape as well . Great product at a great price .
 This Dozier designed KA-BAR is a little gem . When you hold it has a very good feel to it , when you open it the locking mechanism is impressive . For $ 20.00 + dllrs . it 's a bargain .
 I love the Ka-bar brand and bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas . We 've been using it for 9 months now doing various household tasks and it 's still as sharp as the day we bought it . Will be purchasing one for myself soon .
 knife is pretty good . Handle feels cheep . Sharp so far , will see for how long it 'll last . otherwise , its comfortable , compact knife , does not take a lot of space in your pocket . I like it so far .
 Excellent knife and fast shipping . Light weight but very sturdy and very sharp . I highly recommend this knife and will be giving a few as gifts .
 I agree with all the praise others have heaped on this knife , but subtract a half star because an ambidex thumb stud would be easy to add , and be so useful . I also improved the opening of the knife by cutting grooves into the end of the stud , and by using a dremel tool to grind some of the plastic away from under the stud to allow more of the thumb to grip the stud.Also , i did not see mentioned in other reviews that the edge , according to the KABAR website , has a 15 degree angle , which no doubt accounts for the razor sharpness.I use my swiss army knife for rough work , and keep this knife razor sharp for emergency use .
 Absolutely great knife ! It is lightweight yet sturdy . A little oil and opening becomes alot easier . What a bargain on an excellent knife !
 I bought this to replace the same exact one that I received as a gift and used for five years before losing it . It 's a great knife and an incredible value . The blade stays sharp , the mechanism never gets gritty or sticky . Though ... I used this purchase , the replacement , for only a week or two before it started getting rust-like spots on the blade . This never happened with the original that I owned . It makes me wonder if they started using slightly different metal or something .
 There 's just something about this knife that you ca n't understand until you try it out , and it is amazing.Durable , yet light . So light , wonderful to carry.Lock back feels so sturdy.Knife is sharp right out of the box.Love the thumb stud , smooth opening.LOVE THE KNIFE .
 Ca n't say enough about this thing.-Ultra lightweight but still tough-Solid lockup-Good blade steel -LRB- AUS8 -RRB- - Highly textured Zytel handles provide great grip-Strong , tight pocket clip-Ships very sharp-Great gimping-Can be switched for left hand carry-EXTREME value
 Really did my research on edc knives before finally deciding on the ka-bar dozier . My research narrowed my choice down to the Ontario Rat-1 folder and then this knife . The reason I really liked this knife -LRB- other than the price -RRB- was because I really prefer lockback knives over liner locks . When I recieved the dozier in the mail I was really surprised in the quality . I figured for 20 bucks I would recieve a sub-par knife but boy was I wrong . The knife really is nice . The steel is Aus-8 and seems to take an edge well . I 'm left handed so the reversible thumbstud was a big plus for me . The pocketclip works perfectly . Overall for the money this is a great edc knife . If you are considering this knife for purchase I would definately buy it . A great knife at a great price .
 really love the knife , at first it was a average knife , just sits on my pocket lip . until i had to really use it one day doing some utility work ... very light , isnt intimidating to people whenever i pull it out to use , super sharp out of box . if i could id buy one for every pair of jeans i have .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 Strap is comfortable , and the tilting design of the lamp itself makes for many lighting angles . The multiple modes of lighting are excellent and provide many options for the user , the medium and low light options being suitable for reading in the dark . The lightweight design feels comfortable and after a while , it felt as though I did not have the headlamp on . I look forward to applying this product to night time hikes , caving , night time running , camping , and night time Parkour . All in all , many kudos to Princeton Tec for a great product .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love these shorts ! I have finally found a COMFORTABLE pair of athletic shorts to wear while I work out . They are sized perfectly & are made of a wonderful light weight fabric . I love their length especially because they hit about an inch & a half above my knees , which is perfect for us more conservative women . The shorts fit sort of loosely , which is just what I was looking for , so do n't buy if you 're looking for a more fitted style of short .
 Truly great running pants . I have already used them to go running and they are very comfy . I highly recommend them .
 I played soccer in these shorts . I had the red and the white ones . For the white I had black spandex under neither and you really could n't tell I had them on . Now I am wanting to by a pair my self . I loved them and hope I do n't get disappointed .
 these are a must buy !!! i love the quality and I look so good in them if I do say so myself . I bought the large ones because I just needed a few dollars to fill up my cart and they were only 6 bucks . I usually wear a medium but these work fine . I would buy 100 of them if I could !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 5.11 produces nothing but quality products . I own these particular pants in khaki , OD , and tundra . Constuction of these pants could not be any better . Very well made and reinforced where it needs to be , knees and rear area . I wear them everyday to work and they have not failed me . I work in a hot , dirty , and hostile enviroment . They are comfortable even in 100 plus degree temperatures . I highly recommend all 5.11 products . Stay away from the imitations .
 5.11 Tactical Pants are awesome . There are pockets galore for everything you would possibly need to carry . The two cargo pockets on each thigh are roomy enough , yet not baggy when empty . There is even a smaller pocket over the left front pocket that is perfect for carrying your cell phone or an extra magazine . The `` slash '' hip pockets make it easy to store and retrieve items . There is even a small brass d-ring to attach your keys . I own these in khaki , desert sand and green . Fantastic for hiking , outdoors , competitive shooting or just a great casual look .
 These pants will last you longer , work harder to meet your work needs . If you really want the professional look and durability and comfort then look no further . There are other brands claiming to be as good as this but beware !!! Only 5.11 does it all that others ca n't even come close . Mostly worn by POLICE/FBI/SWAT / SECURITY personnel worldwide . It 's worth the buy .
 These pants are the best if you are active . I had one pair that I abused for two years , wearing and washing nearly every day . They held up amazingly well and I just retired them after I finally had a small rip . I will be getting more , and I currently own backup pairs . I highly recommend these to any police/security professionals . I also recommend underarmor to compliment it with your uniform , you wont worry about clothing while your chasing down your next suspect !
 First , I use this as my mains in a Hybrid stringing with either technifibre 18ga or natural gut 17ga . I use this string to firm up the string bed because otherwise the tension drop off will limit the string job to 3 or 4 weeks . Second , this stuff strings VERY tight , so you need to drop a few pounds otherwise you end up with a board . I 've strung a few rackets with just this string in an oversize Head frame & the stiffer stringing tames the large head without killing the playing characteristics of the frame . Third , in a Hybrid stringing the Luxilon has to be dropped a few pounds to balance the result . I string the mains at 54 & the crosses at 57 & although it starts out a bit stiff , after several weeks the racket plays well until a string breaks , which is usually the mains . It 's expensive stuff but so far worth it .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Works great , good price . My only problem is I destroyed the bike I put it on . It sadly does not fit the frame of my new bike.Once it was adjusted it took pressure off of my wrists and helped my posture .
 This quill stem arrived as advertised . It has a brushed finish , which does n't fit in with the rest of my custom build , but it does serve its purpose , and I definitely like the ability to adjust the angle . Anyway , it 's nothing I ca n't fix with a polishing wheel on a bench grinder.Didn ' t arrive with instructions , and I 'd almost inadvertently dismantled the thing before I saw the adjustment screw located on the underside of the forward portion of this stem . It is not the nut and bolt set that acts as the hinge . So , uh , do n't make the same mistake I did , okay?Anyway , it 's sturdy , I was able to crank down real good onto the handlebar , and even though there is n't a set of teeth in the inner diameter to hold the handlebars in place , the amount of force I 'm able to apply with an allen key is enough to hold everything in place . I 've been riding with this stem for about two weeks and nothing has fallen out of setting since installation.Oh yeah , it 's huge and heavy . Not for weight weenies .
 Used this to repair a cracked forged aluminum quill on an older Lambert bike . The adjustable angle mechanism is very sturdy , and being able to completely separate the halves of the bar mount makes the entire process much easier than some stock quills . Overall very pleased , and the price is right .
 Purchased through AMAZON . Ordered as birthday gift for young boy . I ordered a black pipe - shipper , `` bike source '' sent a pink one . Sent an email to `` bike source '' and they surprised me by sending a CHROME bike pipe at no charge . All the neighborhood boys are a little envious . Provided info on how to order to parents . Easy to install , makes a lot of noise , appears to be durable . Would I order again and from this shipper - without a doubt YES
 I chose this item because I tought it feets perfect for my play . I like very much the felling of the racquet and I do recommend it for people who are looking for more control .
 Have been on many dives with this watch . No leaks at 118 feet in fresh water , 90 feet in salt water . I did n't see it in the description but the band has a quick extender so it fits over a wetsuit without adding links . Easy to read underwater but the white face is better for night . Over all its a very water resistant and rugged watch . I 've owned 3 and lost 2 and would buy another if i had to .
 My husband and I bought this set for our oldest son 's 9th birthday present . He was so excited when he opened the box ! We set it up immediately and had hours of fun ! Our 4 year old even got in on the action . This is a great set for families and I highly recommend it !!! Side note
 I have n't used all the games this set includes but it is a great package to keep in the trunk ready for the park or camping . Not a professional set but a great variety for fun . I also liked the case it came in . Good value for the money .
 Used at a company picnic , it was cheap , but it did the job , we all had fun .
 This is a great value . The kids loved it all and it arrived super fast .
 Comes in a great case for easy travel . Great to keep in the trunk of your car for games on the go . Unfortunately the pin broke when inflating the volleyball . Other than that , this is a great buy .
 This was a Christmas gift for the kids . Great variety , but a everything is plastic . I 'm not sure how long the net will stay up when the older kids use it , but if they enjoy the games enough we 'll buy a better quality set .
 Perfect pack for my family reunion . All the games came in handy with small children & adults.So many games in one pack , you ca n't ask for more !!
 I bought a ton of gifts for christmas presents for co-workers . We had a holiday party and needed things to give out . This gift was perfect and shipping was fast ! Thank you !
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 We have already used this 3 or 4 times . It is so comfortable you would hardly know it 's an air mattress . It comes with the built in pump and fills up quickly . I have seen similar air mattresses that sell for alot more money . This was a great deal ! I also received it only a couple of days after I ordered it . I would recommend without hesitation !
 This is a great mattress ! Especially for the price ! I was a little scared because it was so inexpensive but it had great reviews . I can agree with the rest this is awesome ! The inside pump is golden , it takes a matter of minutes ! Deflating is a breeze , just reverse the pump and walk away . . within ten minutes it is flat and ready to put away . Do your friends a favor and let them crash on this instead of your couch ... well except those you do n't want coming back . : - -RRB-
 I love that its higher off the ground . It made it way more comfortable to sleep on ! It inflates and deflates in seconds !!! I also get it to fit back in the storage bag !!
 I had a fantastic air mattress that popped and I never knew the name of it . My old one would charge by plugging into the wall and then you could blow it up anywhere , such as camping without having it plugged in . I thought this was the same but it must be plugged in to blow up . that being said it is incredibly comfortable and I am fortunate enough to be able to plug it in to my car for camping purposes . I would definitely recommend this .
 I got this bed for camping and for when my mother-in law comes . She 's slightly heavyset and this mattress held up for 9 days under her weight and did n't really lose any air . I give this bed five stars .
 I set this bed up almost two weeks ago . I unrolled it and allowed it to reach room temperature . Then I began inflating it a little at a time , allowing it to sit for ten minutes or so before filling further . The pump is a little noisy , but not annoying . It fills quickly . I have had the bed fully inflated and have not noticed any air loss . I slept on it after it sat inflated for two days . It is comfortable for an air mattress -LRB- it 's not my tempur-pedic -RRB- . Queen sized sheets are oversized on this bed . I would recommend a mattress pad under the sheets because although the top is flocked , the sheets still slide . The only down side I see is if the pump goes out , you 'll have to toss the bed because it is built in.Overall , I would recommend this bed to anyone looking for a reasonably priced , comfortable air mattress . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 This is an excellent product . It inflates and deflates very quickly , and is quite comfortable to sleep on . The velor top , and slight ridge around the sides , enable fitted sheets to stay on this mattress perfectly without slipping off . This is almost like a portable `` Select Comfort '' mattress for comfort , and has not leaked any air after 6 uses .
 very comfortable , I slept on this for a month while I was visiting my daughter in Hawaii .
 This bed has been very handy when we host guests . It very quickly inflates with the built-in pump . Our guests have always been impressed and it has exceeded their expectations for an inflatable guest bed ! It is very comforable and queen size sheets fit it perfectly . It deflates and rolls back into its compact carrying bag easily.It does seem to lose a little air overnight -- but not so much to cause problems . The material is very sturdy and we have n't had any real leaks . -LRB- It also includes a leak repair patch -RRB- . I would NOT recommend this as a camping bed , since it is rather large , bulky , and requires an electrical outlet to inflate/deflate .
 What a life saver . I recently spent the holidays traveling around new England . I took this where ever I went . Easy to blow up -LRB- but make sure to make it really really firm -RRB- and easy to deflate . Very comfortable .
 we took it to our trip to tahoe . . it was very comfortable , the pump works great .
 I am very happy with the Queen Sized Mid-Rise Comfort Rest Airbed w/Electric Pump by Intex Model # 67701 ! Easy to set up and easy to put away ! Just the way I like , no problems.Thanks , Walter P.Orange , Texas
 My son received the item on time and is very happy with the item . We would purchase from this supplier again .
 A very comfortable bed . It gives you surprisingly good support while sleeping in it . The pump fills it in less than three minutes and it 's easy to adjust it for perfect comfort afterwards . A special plus for the possibility to empty it as fast as you fill it , by reversing the pump . Also it 's quiet enough not to disturb your neighbours when filling it by night .
 This is such an awesome product . It inflates in minutes and it feels like your floating on air . This is one of the best nights sleep I have ever had . I love this product !!! and I recommend it to anyone . One additional interesting fact is that it deflates in minutes too . I thought it was going to be a long process but that was not true . The electric pump works like a charm . This is truely a great product !
 Overall , this bed met my expectations with just a few reservations
 These mattresses are great for unexpected guests and sleep overs with the kids . The 1 and only negative thing about this air mattress is that when you want to deflate it , it is pretty hard to do . I think some of the other mattresses come with the air pump that can suck out the air as well as putting it in . This 1 inflates with the pump in a couple of minutes , but you have to lay and squeeze for several minutes to get all of the air out . Otherwise , it 's a great product !
 The pump is very quick ... my only complaint is that the pump lacks a reverse feature to suck the air back out of the mattress -LRB- like i have seen on many other air mattresses -RRB- , so you have the pull the plugs and lay all over the mattress to get the air out , which took me probably 10 minutes . But the pump does take about 3 minutes to inflate , and since this mattress is HUGE , that 's pretty impressive . Also , it is very comfortable , with a built-in fabric top so you wo n't need a bottom sheet if you take this thing camping . Also has a pillow-like hump at one end , so if you forget your own pillows you 'll still be pretty comfortable . I think the 19.5 '' is measured from floor to top of that hump , because the rest of the mattress is only about 14 or 15 '' tall . The material it 's made of seems pretty thick and durable . I just wish it could run off 12vdc , but i have an inverter for my car so i can deal without that for now . In all , i am quite happy with this product .
 This makes for an excellent spare mattress if younger company comes over , its very firm and sits up high off the ground . My 8 year old son loves it when he has buddies for a sleepover.It has a built in cord compartment , and inflating fan , that exist flush to the end so you can cover it with bedding without snagging . Very comfortable on your back , and it does n't have the bizarre ridges our previous mattress had that make you feel like you sleeping on a bunch of balloons.so , why not 5 stars ? Because even though its great for my son , there 's no way its long enough for a full sized adult over 6 feet tall . I `` m 6 ' 4 '' and my legs hang off at mid calf . It is no queen size I `` m familiar with , unless its a pygmy queen.And , it sits SOOOOOO high and thick , no normal sheets would fit it . This is not so much of a problem because the top surface is already pretty comfy -LRB- flocked ? not sure what you 'd call it -RRB- , and it will hold a nonfitted sheet or blanket reasonably well.so , absolutely great for child/teen sleepovers or fairly short adults . The inflation took only about 3 minutes -LRB- we timed it -RRB- and it was so easy , you just turn the knob one way , plug it in , hit the button , and watch it grow . Deflation was also quick , but trying to fit it back into the provided duffle seemed beyond our capabilities .
 Bought this air mattress primarily to use for camping , replacing an Aero Bed of the same size . The Midrise inflates quickly and I 've had no problems with leakage . I like the velveteen surface , which keeps the bedding from sliding around , and the extra height of the mattress makes getting in and out a lot easier . As compared to the Aero Bed -LRB- which gave me a number of years of service before springing leaks that I finally got tired of repairing ! -RRB- , the only thing I like better about my old bed was the quick deflating system . Whereas the Aero Bed deflated in seconds , it takes quite a long time to deflate this bed with the pump and it is difficult to get it to deflate completely . Just seems like a lot of extra wear and tear on the pump . Otherwise , a very good product so far.FEB 2009 UPDATE
 This was a last minute unexpected purchase , and it turned out to be everthing that was described . . and comfortable . It was filled , emptied , and folded quickly and easily . It was used for a week and I moved . . so it was used again for 10 days and although I would add air once in a while it was more than satisfactory.The price was reasonable and the shipping quick . Very satisfied .
 Mattress was great for a week , then began losing air but very easy to inflate so we still use - very comfortable !
 I bought this midrise airbed for my grand daughter who needed something temporary to use , she is so pleased with the comfort of this midrise airbed she is in no hurry to purchase anything else at this time.Khalia
 Product was as described . I find it needs a little more air after a couple of nights of sleep , but it inflates -LRB- and deflates -RRB- quickly and easily . A great way to be able to accommodate more company !
 I have always heard that it is hard to find a good quality air mattress . the 66701 Midrise is perfect for guests that are staying for a short time . The automatic pump takes only seconds to fill up the mattress and about the same to deflate .
 We got this because it was the cheapest double high queen inflatable we could find with decent reviews . The documentation states it 's for indoor use only but we actually took this camping which worked fine . While plenty thick and durable I 'd say it does seem slightly more fragile than ones made for the outdoors . If you 're going to take this same route you 'll need to have a way to provide AC power to it . In our case we just used an inverter connected to the car and a long extension cord .
 I think this is an awesome airbed . I love the built in pump -LRB- it 's not noisy like those others -RRB- You can easily inflate/deflate the bed without getting off of it . It holds air very well .
 Got it because I had people staying with me for 5 days . They said this was the most comfortable air mattress they had ever slept on .
 We were preparing for a long distance move and knew we 'd be w/out our furniture for a few weeks . We bought this Intex Mattress . After almost 3 weeks of use we found : Set up was easy , the pump is built in to the bed . So far so good but given more time and use , we 'll see how the pump holds up as I 'm concerned that there could be a leak or even failure of the pump and since it 's built in - this bed would be useless.But we liked the `` raised '' height , it was actually taller than our real platform bed . For an air mattress -LRB- I 've used a Coleman and the Aerobed before -RRB- , we found it a pretty good night 's sleep with enough support for both of us adults . The cons , there are ridges on the top of the bed with an attached pillow . It was fine for me but my boyfriend did n't like that it was attached . The ridges are actually prominent enough that we ended up covering it with our comforter to create a smooth sleeping surface . As with many air beds , after a few days , you will need to pump more air into the bed . We found we had to pump more air every 4 days or so to get the bed to the desired firmness or else we found both of us would start off on both sides of the bed but then roll into the middle . Luckily , since the pump is built in , it 's super easy to inflate . One thing to note is the really strong `` plastic '' smell of the bed when you first open it . So I advise to air it out on the patio for a few days before you need to use it or else it might induce a headache ! The included storage bag is cheap and poorly made so I anticipate it will probably only be good for a few uses.Deflating the unit took a little bit of effort as you have to keep pushing air out and it took a good 15-20 minutes ! But overall , we are glad we had this air mattress , it really saved us during this move while we were w/out our bed .
 For the money you ca n't beat it . I bought this as a temp replacement for my mattress when I got bugs and needed something before I could drop a few bucks on a real bed and to make sure the bugs were gone . Great find . Very comfortable , very large -LRB- the only gripe I have with the mattress is I think it is a little too wide , almost 6 feet -RRB- , then internal infating fan is great , and if you ever need to deflate it does it in a hury . Much better than any other air mattress I have slept on , and It has taken some abuse because I have still yet to purchase a proper replacement .
 We were expecting company to stay , and nowhere to put them . Amazon was the first place I looked for Air Mattresses . We actually bought two at the same time . I was familiar with Intex , but had never used their brand before . I was thrilled at how easy they were to set up . Then the fact that they stayed inflated for 3 days without needing additional air , that was an added bonus . After our guests left , it took my husband and I about 5 minutes to deflate , roll up and store away each mattress . I would recommend this brand to anyone needing a comfortable , convenient , reliable air mattress .
 My wife and I have been sleeping on this bed for the past week while staying with her family . At first , we were nervous because both together we weigh nearly 600 Lbs , but the bed has to be durable and comfortable . We have not had to add air since we began using it . We will be buying one for camping for sure .
 I ordered 3 queen sized mattresses & had them shipped to my daughter 's apartment so my friends & I would have a nice bed to sleep in while we were in New York City . All 3 beds operated as promised & were very comfortable to sleep on . They also deflated nicely & rolled back up to a great size for storage . The storage bags are good quality as well.I highly recommend this product .
 I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this mattress for the price . It was nice to just have to push a button to inflate or deflate the mattress instead of having to hook up a pump to it like most air mattresses . It was not as comfortable as a regular bed , but for a temporary situation it worked just great .
 if you buy this product because of the price , i guess it is okay . it 's less expensive than the other 3-4 other brands i 've seen . the bed itself is okay too . the hight is fine with me because i do n't think i want it to be any higher . the inflate and deflate buttons are easy to use . just 1 negative comment , i dont like the pillow part , i can do without .
 This was the greatest thing for company ... it plugs into the wall and pumps itself up , it comes in a convenient bag for storage , I would buy another one .
 I bought this for my husband and my first camping trip . After a TON of research I decided on this mattress . I was not disappointed . It worked great for our two nights!The only bummer , and I shouldnt even call it that , was that it needed to be plugged in to inflate . I was hoping we could just push a button like my Dad 's . Anyway , was n't a problem . We plugged it into the car charger with our little adapter thingy !!
 I have been through several airbeds over the years , most of them getting holes over time and needing to be replaced . This bed is great ! This is the first I have used with a built in pump , which is much more quiet and powerful than I anticipated . I really like that it has a built-in a/c plug and a simple dial to turn left or right if you want to inflate or deflate it . You can even use the dial to let just enough air out to soften the bed if it feels too firm . The top surface has a nice velvet-like layer that feels more upscale than the typical airbed and it has pillow-ridge that is supposed to serve as an integrated pillow . We still used pillows since we like to adjust what our heads are sleeping on . The bed seems to be solid and wellmade . We have only used it once for several days while on vacation , but it performed beyond our expectations . I like that it folds neatly into its own supplied storage bag , so it is easily self-contained and transported . This bed should serve us well for years to come when we are traveling or have extra overnight guests . I did a good bit of research and can recommend this bed to anyone . The low price ca n't be beat for the high quality .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I am partial to Leki hiking poles and these are the best that I have used . I have used them on Mt. Kenya , Kilimanjaro , on 4 weeks of hiking in the Andes , hiking small peaks in Scotland , and in many places in the US . They are comfortable , solid , durable poles . The grip material is easier on the hands than rubber . The grip angle is nice . Repair parts are available all over the world -LRB- though I have only replaced the tips -RRB- . I have no complaints and lots of compliments about these poles .
 I could not decipher the features by reading reviews or visiting the Leki website so I went to a local B&M ; store to try them out . The model shown here and the pair I bought appear to be a 2007 model , which I like better.The handle on this model feels like it has much more forward angle than any other models , including the 2008 version . This was the deciding feature for me . This handle is also smooth and well contoured . The 2008 model cork handles have a series of lightening holes that irritate my fingers . The cork actually feels more like rubber than cork , at least when new.The hand strap is non directional , unlike some other models . If you want to use it singly and share the pair with your spouse , you can . I did n't understand the other variations on strap adjustment . This pair has a screw you tighten with a coin after adjusting for length.The suspension on this model is the SAS version . It has a much smoother rebound action and is quieter than the tripple spring models . I find the rebound on the tripple spring models quite annoying . I would rather have no spring at all and feel one impact , rather than have both a down impact and an up impact.Height adjustment is a bit of a hassle , but is easy and secure . The correct adjustment is to have your elbow at 90 degrees when standing straight and holding the grip . I am 6 ' 6 '' and it seems slightly short but useable at 140cm . It is enough work to change height that I do not collapse them for storage , much less for going up and down hills.In the end I gave these to my wife , who is prone to foot injuries and is recovering from surgery . The trecking style pole with big handle should reduce the strain on her feet . I bought myself a pair of fixed length nordic walking poles .
 I 've used these poles and now I wo n't make fun of the other people with hiking poles . These are incredible ... Helped my sore ankles , knees , back , and tendons
 I bought a pair of Leki Super Makalu poles in 2002 to help me get around following spine surgery . Over the past six years , these Leki poles not only helped me recover , but assisted me to attain my ambitious hiking and fitness goals . I have hiked at 12,000 feet along the Sandia Crest Trail in New Mexico , the Lost Mine and Windows trails in Big Bend National Park , many trails in Yosemite National Park and much more . These poles are especially helpful on steep ascents and descents . Plus , there is the big bonus of getting an upper body workout while navigating trails and water crossings safely where a fall , for me , would have a higher penalty thanks to spinal issues.I find the poles easy to pack , taking them apart and placing them in a checked rolling duffel . They ride well lashed on my backpack when I am hiking an approach trail . I use them locally on 3 mile fast hikes as an upper body conditioner . I figure I place about 15 pounds of downward force on each pole as I hike . So , that is a lot of force that does not hit my knees . For a 6000 pace hike , that would be 90,000 pounds of impact force not on the knees . They are great in steep , rocky descents . The titanium tips grip well on rock . I use the poles for stability when fording fast flowing streams . They should also serve as a decent self defense weapon , but I have never had to put them to that test.More and more , I see hikers with these poles . Not just the older folks like me , but young people too . People packing heavy love to use hiking poles . Europeans may often be found trekking with these poles.The Lekis are light weight , easy to adjust , comfortable in the hand , can he held by the grip or by using the strap like one would use a ski pole . I even used baskets made by Leki to support my trek up a 600 foot sand dune . After six years of testing , I would not trade these poles . I am glad I spent the money to buy lasting quality .
 Excellent service . Quick delivery . Great poles . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' and the length adjusts perfectly for me .
 We used these trekking poles while hiking in theSmokies and they worked great , just as advertized .
 Looked at similar ones in the shops and decided to purchase these as they sounded good and were half the price . These are lighweight and fold up next to nothing . They are made from thin material but fit nice and snug and will be great in summer when you need the protection but not the weight or heat from something bulkier .
 I started snowshoeing a bit last winter and decided to find some gaiters . Love the quality and durability of these gaiters . Highly recommend . Easy to put on/take off .
 I bought these for my kili climb ... they are well made and did what they are supposed to do . The only annoyance is that they trap moisture ... not sure if there are gaiters that do n't .
 Snug on me , my calf circumference is 17 '' and I wear 8.5-9 in U.S. women 's shoe size . Kept the stickies at bay and was useful in cold weather .
 Nice product ... durable and very affordable . I have looked at a lot of similar Gaiters and these are very comparable to them for less money .
 Wonderful fast service and prompt . Received the order fast . Even after I made a mistake and had to take time to correct this item . they notified me fast and helped me correct this and get the order shipped quilck .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 StretchCordz , please make a note of this . The main reason for buying a swim chord is for when your pool is not long enough to do laps . Remember most backyard pools average an 24 ft -LRB- 7.3 m -RRB- in longitud and the chord is 20 feet but stretches.Well , this is a great invention and I believe is a much better work out than swimming because there is resistance involved and it 's endless.It works better in my opinion while attached to something at least a meter higher above the water , such as a stainless steel pool ladder or hand rail , so the chord wo n't hit your feet while kicking . The belt goes around the waist and you can swim any style you want , even butterfly ! The only thing was the chord was too long for my pool and the Short Resistance Training Belt looked too short and with no padding on belt . So I had to cut it shorter and re-tie it . I was skeptical at first thinking that it would slip but it just works great.So StretchCordz , please just make a medium version of the long belt , it 's a no-brainer .
 The cords are excellent ... the new version has a built in cord so when the rubber wears out and snaps , the cord prevents the braoken bungee from snapping back and hitting . We have neede this for years . I now feel confident letting people walk behind where the cords are attached without someone getting hurt.Coach
 This is my favorite bipod for prone or bench , but I 'd go for the cheaper -LRB- 25 % -RRB- and lighter -LRB- 4oz -RRB- Harris bipod if you might shoot off hand.6-9 '' is the perfect size . I 've had this bipod on an AR , SCAR , R700 , Mosin Nagant , and PSL . Worked great for all of them . You can screw in swivel studs for a few bucks or get a rail adapter for like twenty bucks if your rifle does n't already have studs . 30 round mags will fit under the rifle if you extend the legs .
 I have two boys who play tackle football plus a husband who coaches youth and high school football . I think I 've purchased just about every football related product out there . This brand of elbow pad is the best one out there - it 's light and breathable unlike the neoprene pads , the little hex pads offer nice protection where they need it , and it does n't end up smelly like the other arm pads I 've purchased . I searched high and wide for these bad boys in every Sports store in our area - they have all the other `` popular '' brands -LRB- they 're terrible ! -RRB- and Eastbay is sold out of the smaller sizes -LRB- for a reason ! -RRB- . Trust me on this ... your kid will love them and so will you when they avoid the inevitable gash to the elbow from a helmet . Yep , it will happen , Mom . Be prepared .
 I am a karate instructor with over 8 years of teaching experience . There are a lot of good martial arts products out there , but sometimes you have to look outside the box to find what you want.Problem
 I purchased these pads for my younger brother . The package contains two pads . They fit great and offer superb protection . Highly recommended for all the football lineman out there .
 Purchased these for a rather tall 8 yr old . Size M , sizing chart good for these . The technology is great with these and they are super comfortable compared to any normal arm pad I have worn . Heat is a concern in the south and these should provide excellent heat diss .
 i ordered wrong size - be sure you measure correctly - i 'd err on the larger size
 I bought these to wear in the Merrel Down & Dirty Mud Run and they were great ! They stayed on through all of the obstacles - even the mud pit ! All of my friends were jealous because after the race , I was the only one without bruised elbows ! They also look pretty cool on , I 'll definitely wear them in my next race .
 I purchased these for my son when he came home after every game with bruises up and down his forearms . They worked beautifully . No more sore arms after a hard fought game !
 Son throughly enjoys wearing these sleeves during football . Really protects his arms . They were described accurately and were received when stated they would arrive .
 its light and protective . It 's very good . It just seem to become stuck to the arm when I begin to sweat
 I am 70 years old and because of medications and/or age my forearms are very fragile . Any slight touch causes skin tear or big bruises . I searched for some type of skin protector and found these . I ordered them in white and wear them at home . Makes a big difference !!
 We are using this product for my daughter with special needs to protect her arms . These pads are light-weight and well constructed . The material is not itchy and she wears them without complaint . I will be ordering a second pair soon .
 visor was bought as a gift.I was very happy with the quality of the material .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 I have owned two of these watches and have found them to be very durable . The battery life is long and the screen is very scratch resistant . I love the one button push for 24hrs or 12hrs setting . The big number display is very easy to see at a glance . This watch will with stand the test of time . The only reason that I got another was the strap broke after about 4 years of everyday wear and tear . When my current watch craps out I will be purchasing another one of these watches .
 I have searched for an loud alarm which would wake me ... this one does ! It has both a vibrating pulse and a loud sound !
 the watch is fine bu the package arrived in a mesirable state , otherwise it is ok
 Excellent watch for scuba diving , especially because of its vibration fixture , which makes it easier to know when it 's time to finish a particular dive , and not have to make a non-decompression stop .
 retro cool looking watch that works great and does n't cost a ton . The set buttons take a while to get use to , not like the traditional chronograph watches
 Typically , this would be a man 's watch . I am a woman with a fairly small wrist . It not only fits great , it looks great . It has nice , simple features . The only downside for me is the dark numbers on the dark background as my work keeps me outside a lot . Overall -- excellent product , excellent price , excellent experience .
 Luce bien , casual , es muy liviano . Buen precio . S&oacute;lo espero no tenga problemas con el agua como algunos indican en sus comentarios .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Advertisements for Nordic Walking poles claim up to 40 % increase in calories burned . I do n't think I 've seen that level of increase - but then again , if I had it would probably make my walk far more exhausting and less fun . I find the poles add a nice arm workout to my exercise . The poles are very light . The technique is very easy to pick up.It is easy to adjust the height of these poles . Most reviews say that you should not get telescoping poles , but rather get ones sized for your height . The benefit of these poles is that they are in three segments , rather than 2 , so they collapse small enough for travel . They could easily be thrown in a carry-on bag or kept in a larger desk drawer at work .
 I could not imagine living without this product now that I have one ! It keeps my frozen foods from the grocery store frozen for hours ! I can go grocery shopping and then leave my food in the hot car while I run other errands with no rush . Soccer games and T-Ball games are so easy now that we can keep all our stuff Icy cold on hot days . Vacation 's and long road trips are a breeze with this cooler . We pack drinks , popsicles , whatever ! In it and because it is a soft side it is easy to fit into tight spaces . Not heavy and bulking like the other coolers . This is a MUST for any MOM ! we are going to Disney World this month and I do n't have to worry about not having a fridge in the hotel room ! I have a POLAR BEAR !
 Great purchase . Fits into basket on the golf cart . Keeps beverages cold . Melted ice water does not leak through the exterior canvas . Great expediated delivery . I was worried that this was not the type of cooler I wanted , Turned out to be the most versatile cooler I own . I own a bunch of coolers .
 So far , this seems to be as good , or maybe better than , the reviews might indicate . If you are , like me , not likely to first read the literature , it pays to at least read about `` filling with warm water to regain its normal shape '' . It was almost flat when I removed it from the box because they bleed the air out of the insulation for shipping size . Filling with warm/hot tap water for 5 minutes enabled it to get its shape back . -LRB- Too bad humans ca n't do that ! -RRB- Drinks definitely are cool all day long . Tested with ice which hardly melted ; no leaks ; apparently very good zipper -LRB- an important detail often overlooked by some manufacturers -RRB- ; very tough fabric outside shell ; lightweight when empty ; good handles and shoulder strap . The 12-pack size is perfect for my usual work day -LRB- 7 Diet Pepsis , 2 cup lunch container , 8 `` x6 `` x2 '' blue ice pack -RRB- with room left over.I have a desk job so I 'm pretty easy on these kinds of containers , and the tough exterior and zipper will probably be overkill for my needs , but I still appreciate not having to baby it and knowing I could strap it to a motorcycle with little concern.I would buy this again , will likely buy more soon , and will speak well of the Polar Bear brand when possible .
 This cooler is amazing . I used it last summer for keeping foods cold while traveling with my daughter from the midwest to the East Coast and back . It really kept the food cold , even when locked in a hot car in the middle of summer for several hours at a stretch . Since then , I have been using it daily for my lunch box , to keep foods cold during the day . I highly recommend this product !
 This cooler has the very best quality materials and workmanship . I 've had mine for about a month , and it is working out well . The size is just right to keep and carry a picnic lunch for two in style . The handles and shoulder strap are convenient and the cap opener tool is a nice touch , but I do wish the side pocket was more roomy . It is not easy to load with napkins , utensils , etc. .
 This cooler is incredible . It keeps ice for up to two days ! It is the PERFECT travel companion ! I wont go anywhere without it . Thanks !
 I must say that I am very happy with this purchase . The real test will be to see how long the product last , but there are two reason why I think I will be using this cooler a very long time . First is the material it is built with is stronger and more durable than any other lunch cooler I have owned or touched . Second is the simplicity of its design . Most flexible lunch pails have several useless side pockets and countless zippers , not to mention the main pouch zipper goes around at least 2 sharp corners . All these moving parts and stress points cause failure in other coolers before to long . This on has two zippers and the only travel in a straight line , no bending around corners . The only complaint that I might have is that the shoulder strap on the is pretty useless . The shoulder strap is more size for a child , but the lunch pail is obviously too large for a child.If you are wondering how long it keeps things cold , with a fully frozenRubbermaid Blue Ice Brand Weekender Pack 7 '' x 1.63 '' x 6.75 I was able to keep two days of lunches cold over 48 hours -LRB- I forgot to freeze the ice pack the day after my first use of this cooler -RRB- . The test was unintentional but I am happy with the results as every other luch pail that I have owned would only keep a blue ice pack cold for a day.Do follow the instructs to expanded the cooler when you first receive it as the unit is very compressed for shipping . Also realize this is a rather large lunch pal . I needed that because I pack multiple meals each day , but if you just need one for a sandwich , apple and drink , they make a 6 pack cooler .
 bought the 12pack first , then the 6 pack after i THOUGHT the 12 might be too big . wrong . the 6pack was way too small . love the 12 because it 's roomy enough to fit a decent meal and then some , and the overall construction compared to the 6pack is much higher quality . if you 're on the fence between the 6 and 12 , stick to the 12 . versatile enough for most needs .
 I bought this cooler because I wanted a way to bring my lunch to work without it looking like I was lugging around a cooler or a lunchbox . This ended up being perfect . The black model looks more like a large camera bag than anything and it 's quite comfortable to carry around . The inside is roomy and easy to keep clean . Most importantly , it keeps everything nice and cold all day . My office does have a fridge I can use . But , it 's usually packed full . This cooler was worth every penny .
 My wife and I work in the same building and have lunch with each other most days , so we sometimes pack quite a bit of snacks , drinks and food for the entire day . While it may seem that this lunch cooler bag may be a bit big , it 's actually the perfect size for us . Better yet , it stays extremely cool with just one ice pack . It 's fantastic , really . Kudos to Polar Bear , they make a great product .
 i 'm a letter carrier and my food and drinks go with me . in the florida heat these usally dont stay cold for long but this cooler does the job . several bottles and my salad last a good 5 hours in the heat of the truck .
 bought this cooler to use as a lunch box and it works great , I left things in it over night and it still had ice in it after more than 24 hours
 This cooler makes an excellent lunch box it will holda dozen soda cans but it is a tight fit but the construction onthis bag is bulletproof -LRB- not literally but it is very strong -RRB- It also matches all my cordura gear for my motorcycleI highly reccomend this bag all around the best cooler bag I have owned !
 This is the second one I have . The first one I use everyday for my lunch and drinks at work . After 5 years the zipper is a little worn and you have to try several times to get it zipped . I bought this one to replace it for everyday use . Both still keep things nice and cold all day long in a vehicle sitting inthe sun .
 Very Solid for a Soft Cooler . It did exactly what a cooler is suppose to do but without all the weight and space . I would say that this would comfortably hold 12 pack with a little bit of space on top for some ice . I would deffinately recommended this product , a little expensive but very well contructed .
 This lunch bag really does insulate very well and feels very durable . Far better than the junk I previously bought at the mega-mart .
 Great cooler , keeps everything nice and cold and the best part is it looks like a duffel bag for those times that you do n't want to look like you 're carrying around a cooler .
 Very high quality cooler made of strong and durable material . The only down side was its small size . The thick walls consume a lot of space and decrease the space available inside . If you want to store some food inside for a picnic , order the 24 Pack version . The green color is the most gorgeous of the bunch too , in my opinion .
 I use this cooler for my lunch . It keeps it cold and fresh very well . It is kind of big .
 Truthfully , I was looking for a soft sided padded case for my brand new video projector with the added feature of my company colors -LRB- red and black -RRB- . This cooler case fit the bill for a fraction of what I would pay for a formal video projector case , plus I can use it to take a half a case of cold beer to the beach ! How great is that !? This case is well constructed with durable material and ample padding . I have not had a chance to test its thermal capabilities , but I suspect it will surpass my expectations .
 Great little cooler keeps drinks and ice all day . My brother had one in Arizona and during a hot day left the cooler in the car all day when he went to get it that evening it still had ice in it . I had to get one .
 This cooler fits perfect in basket on golf cart . It easly holds nine bottles and small bag of ice . The ice lasts a long time . Just how long depends on how many times you reach for another cold one . I am happy with my purchase of the 12 pack size cooler .
 This is a great cooler . We recently purchased it to use on an out of town trip and it delivered as promised . In addition to being a wonderful cooler we used it as a carry-on bag for the flight we were on and were able to pack it with alot of the items that we were taking on the trip . Although we have used it only several times it is very heavy duty and did not leak any of the melted ice that was in it for several days . Based on the thickness of the inner liner , it seems like it will hold up for the long run but we will have to wait and see . The first impression of this cooler is very positive . I think I made a good purchase decision !!
 The polar bear 12 is a great product that does what it advertised . With proper ice packs and starting with cool drinks it will easily keep drinks cold in Wilmington , NC . 90 degree days even if left in a hot car trunk that 's in the sun . I now had 3 different size polar bears and gave away all my old coolers
 I bought this cooler bag for the purpose to transport my frozen breastmilk . And the bag does n't fail me . With putting some ice packs , the bag able to keep a few litres of my frozen breastmilk in frozen condition for at least 4 hours . The materials used are very good quality . Cooler bag is more flexible than a hardcase cooler box . Love it !
 I have purchased so many portable coolers over the years that I 'm not sure of the number . I still have several in my posession but I wanted a cooler that actually worked . I shopped 5 or 6 stores and found low cost coolers that looked like they might work , but no reference as to the cooling ability on labels . I then turned tothe internet , found the Polar Bear Coolers , read the guarantee and the 24 hours at 100 and I was sold ! Yes it was more expensive than many of the smaller coolersI could have purchased locally , but this one REALLY WORKS !! I carry it in my car each day with 2 bottles of water plus 1 blue ice pack and the water stays coldall day , and cool the next ! I will also use this on motorcycle trips . If you want a cooler that actually keeps things cool for a looooooooong time , buy this brand .
 Just what I needed . I work outside everyday and needed a cooler to keep my lunch cold . It is great Works well on the boat too . Good looking .
 The purchase was easy - the delivery fast . I only wish I 'd read the specs more closely - I needed something more square than a ' 12-pack ' -LSB- I do n't drink sodas or beer -RSB- . But if that 's what yr after , it 's GREAT !
 I was looking for a lunchbox/cooler that would fit in my hard bags on my motorcycle . A perfect fit for the FJR1300 . Keeps everything ice cold all day long . I use it everyday for lunch and could n't be happier .
 ... unless you puncture them . They fit conveniently under the golf cart seat ... But I have forgotten several over the years . I bought green and also take it hunting .
 I bought this cooler before leaving on a vacation by plane . I used it as my carry on to hold snacks , magazines and plane tickets it 's very lite , so that worked out well . When I got to my destination I carried it with water or other drinks and I 'd put one or two frozen water bottles in it to keep things cold . I 'm happy with the quality of construction and feel that it keeps contents cold for an adequate length of time . I own a small Yeti cooler , but when space is limited or on a quick day trip or even on the back of a motorcycle , this will be the go to cooler .
 Great ice chest it really does keep ice for 24 hours in HOT conditions . Does not leak or sweat . Completely does what it says it will . Worth the money if you need to keep things cold for an extended amount of time .
 This is an excellent lunch bag and it matches my uniform ... . It performs fabulous it keeps everything cold or worm ...
 I ordered a cooler bag from the original company and when I checked out , I was shocked at the fee that they were charging to ship this item . I went on Amazon and found the same bag and only had to pay one fourth of the shipping cost . The company E Bags was fast and cheaper .
 All n all a fine bag but why in the hell could n't it have been just a little taller to let me pack a bottle of wine standing upright ?!? I have to lay it flat or at an angle .
 LOVE IT ! I did a lot of research prior to buying this one , and it is simply THE BEST ! I do n't think you will be disappointed if you buy one too . Constructed VERY well , high end . Looks like a diaper bag , not a cooler ! I think it 's great for taking ANYWHERE . I plan to take it on the plane and around Disney World next month with my family . It 's going to be great to lug all the stuff kids eat through out the day , without having to buy all the pricey food at the parks .
 This works great as a lunch cooler . With regular ice packs it keeps everything nice and cool until lunchtime even on the hottest days . It just gets hosed out when it needs to be cleaned .
 I 've owned several of this type of cooler down through the years , but this is the best one yet.Very well made and easily holds ice for over 24 hours . I 'll be giving a couple of these as gifts this coming Christmas .
 Being an avid fly fisherman and finish carpenter , I rely on having something cold to drink all the time . My wife makes some of the best sandwiches for my lunch and for snacking while fishing out of my pontoon boat . Without my Polar Bear cooler , I would not be able to keep things cold for so long . This is the 2nd one I have owned and I will be 50 years old in May . Thank you Polar Bear coolers for the worlds coldest soft cooler !!
 It certainly keeps things cold , particularly if you add an ice pack . The bag is smaller than you 'd think though -- getting 12 cans in would be a challenge . Also , it 's a bit hard to pack due to the padding . Overall it 's a great bag , but I 'd recommend getting a size larger than you think you 'll need .
 This is an exceptional cooler . The things I put inside from the refrigerator in the morning were actually colder in the afternoon . Holds plenty for one person 's lunch and snacks . In considering size , remember , there has to be room for ice . This product was priced well and works even better than expected .
 I ride a full dress motorcycle cross country quite a bit and during the warm/hot months . During the really hot months I wear a `` cool vest '' with frozen inserts and was looking for a cooler that I could keep the inserts in that will keep them frozen until I need them and would fit in my bikes side box . I did alot of research and noted this cooler had good write ups so I thought I would give a try . Used it for the first time last summer and it worked GREAT and fit in my bikes side box I definiely recommend it .
 This cooler is by far the best soft-sided cooler you can buy ! Worth every penny . We bought it to take in the boat with us on trips to the river . In South Georgia July heat -LRB- 100 + degrees -RRB- sitting in the sunshine for most of the day , this cooler performed like a champ . After an hour ride to the river , nine hours in the sunshine , and an hour ride back home , there was still some ice -LRB- partially melted , yes , but still frozen -RRB- in this cooler . For best results you have to fold the ends over and snap them down in place , which reduces your overall capacity a little , but is well worth it in performance.In the 12-pack version , we were able to pack 4 cans of soda , 4 - 8 oz . bottles of water , 2 - 8 oz . Gatorade , a picnic bottle of mayonaise , a pack of ham and sliced cheese in a zipper bag , and a tomato for slicing along with two small single-serving snack bags of cookies . We filled the remaining space with ice . To our amazement , this cooler was less than half the weight -LRB- filled -RRB- than the picnic cooler we had been taking along . It took up less room in the boat and performed comparably to our Coleman 5-day cooler.We experience no leaking of the melting ice from inside the cooler out and even though we got some water in the boat and on the cooler , the exterior remained virtually water-proof ! This cooler 's insulation is at least five to ten times that of the soft-sided lunch coolers you will find in most stores . Zippers , snaps , handles , and straps all seem well made and durable.One reviewer said the strap was not long enough . However , I am 5 ' 8 '' and when I adjusted the strap to its full length -LRB- it has a slide so you can adjust the length -RRB- , it hung from my shoulder to just past my waist . The shell material is thick and durable , comparable to the material you would find in an expensive piece of luggage.The only downside with this cooler is that once you pack enough cold supplies for a day , you have no room left for bread . -LRB- We carried ours along in a separate bag . -RRB- However , it is worth the weight savings and space savings for that little inconvenience . I am impressed with this cooler and feel I made a good investment in a product that performs as described and will last us for years . We 've taken it to the river three times , now , and on a five-hour car trip to the mountains and so far cold food has stayed cold for over a day without adding more ice , we 've had no leaks except for the one time I did n't strap the sides back down after zipping it up -LRB- my fault -RRB- , and the carry strap has made transport a snap ! I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a reliable , durable picnic cooler !
 This is an outstanding bargain . This cooler is awesome . I travel each week requiring long flights . Instead of spending a fortune on airport food and having to eat what is available on the run I pack my cooler with my snacks , meals that fit my diet . While others are eating peanuts I 'm enjoying a wonderful snack all because of this cooler .
 GREAT COOLER . I USE IT ON MOTORCYCLE RIDES AND IT KEEPS EVERYTHING COLD.IN HOT SUN AND WIND THE DRINKS STAY COLD.ALSO IT , S GREAT AT BIKE RALLIES .
 This product is made very well , it was more then I thought I would get . Great cooler
 An awesome soft cooler that fit the space in my RZR perfectly.PROS
 Bought this in anticipation of my first business trip away from my daughter -LRB- 4 months old -RRB- . Over 4 days/nights I pumped about 100 oz to bring back with me . I refrigerated them in 2oz portions in the Lasinoh storage bags and froze three different kinds of ice packs plus a bottle of water to keep it cool . I refrigerated because if the breastmilk freezes then thaws , you have to use w/in 24 hours . So I left my hotel with it packed like this at 9am , had a meeting , went to the airport where TSA opened it to inspect -LRB- swabbed the opening of the cooler and sent me on my way -RRB- , had a 1.5 hour delay on the plane due to weather and finally made it home about 10.5 hours after I left the hotel . Water bottle was still frozen solid , most of the ice packs were still frozen and the milk was cold.This cooler seems really durable and awesome for traveling . Perfect size for a carryon ... I put it in the overhead compartment in case the floor of the plane got warm . Unfortunately , if I 'm gone for more than 4-5 days , I do n't know if it 'll be able to fit any more milk and also fit the ice packs . If you need to bring home more than 100oz , you might look into the next size up .
 I bought this for a trip to St. Martin to take frozen meats with us . I packed it on a Sunday -- late morning . We left for the hotel airport , stayed the night , traveled to St. Martin , and arrived at our rental cottage at 4:30 p. 90 % of the food was still completely -LRB- and I mean solidly -RRB- frozen . The other 10 % was frozen and a bit soft , which was fine , because we planned on eating the food the next day . Amazing ! We used the cooler each day at the beach and our soft drinks , beer , sandwiches , and fruit stayed nice and cold . Next year we are extending our vacation , and I will purchase the next size up for that trip . Fabulous purchase . Thank you for making such a well-build cooler .
 I love the look and feel of this cooler . In terms of the size , I would say it 's great for a picnic or snack for 2 but probably wo n't fit much more than that .
 Purchased this for my son to use on his kayak during his fishing trips . Holds plenty of drinks and a snack or two . I have another that we use for road trips . Things stay cold and the softsided cooler fits in small places easily .
 These coolers are well made , leak proof and foldable . Plan using as carry on luggage so we have a cooler at our destination .
 I love this coolers ability to keep things cold for an extended period of time . It is perfect for use in a kayak or other type of boat . I would recommend this to others . Thanks to Polar Bear for a great cooler .
 This is a great cooler that keeps drinks cold for a very long time using either ice from ice machine or the plastic ice packs frozen in the freezer . Going to get plenty of use out of this traveling or at outdoor events . It 's easy to carry and just big enough .
 This cooler is everthing that is advertised . I do surveillance in closed up vehicles throughout the day in the extreme southeast heat and at the end of the day my drinks and food if there any left are still very cold . The bag is very high quality and on the weekends can be used for cold beer which is easily opened with the attached bottle opener . The 12 pack size is perfect for me . I would highly recommend this item and seller .
 keeps my lunch cold all day . works so well I bought 2 more . i used the 48pack size on a 5 day camping trip and had to replace the ice once
 This is the 2nd cooler I 've bought , these work great as a lunch box . The size is great they fit anywhere in an equipment cab , and are very durable . My first one lasted a little over 2 years . I got rid of it because I wore the zipper out . The outer shell , straps , and liner had no damage even after being tossed on equipment and sometimes around the cab . The only problem I had was the pull tabs broke off the zippers after a short time . That was easily fixed with some 9-wire . As far as the insulation it will keep an ice pack frozen for 24 hours .
 Being a fabric cooler , it amazed me that my items stayed cold -LRB- the same temperature from the fridge -RRB- for at least 5 hours plus my ice packs still had some chunks after 24 hours . I will say the 12 pack cooler does hold a 12 pack but not easily once you include icepacks . The size is convenient and slim if you 're carrying a few snacks and couple of drinks . Kind of wish I sprung for the 24 pack size .
 This is my second Polar Bear Cooler . I loved my first one so much that I ended up getting one more in a smaller size . The 24 Pack was perfect for those family day trips where I needed to supply drinks for more than just a few people . However , for the everyday usage the 24 Pack was a little too large -LRB- about the size of a small duffle bag -RRB- . I decided to pick-up the 12 Pack , for those occasions where I want to bring my lunch to work or just a couple beverages for after a workout . I must admit that I was n't too sure about the size of the 12 Pack , but after the quality and performance of my 24 Pack I just figured I ca n't go wrong . I was correct . Flattened in the packaging it looks kinda big , but once you shape it out , it 's roughly the size of a thick briefcase . I really like the size and the performance is just like it 's bigger brother . It 's made of the same type of material as the 24 Pack and has the same thickness in the insulating walls -LRB- I guess-timate about 1-1/2 '' thick -RRB- . I am a fan-boy for life and would definitely recommend this cooler to someone looking for performance , style , quality , and durability .
 I ordered the 12 pack , but found it way to small for my needs . If you are using a 12 pack with a different brand , go for the 24 pack with Polar Bear . You wo n't regret it . The bag is attractive , light and easy to carry . I wish the side pocket was bigger and on both sides .
 Wow what a cooler . Not real big , but big enough for our daytrips etc. . Does not sweat . Keeps things cold all day , even when setting in a sweltering car all day . We love it . ONE YEAR UPDATE
 THis cooler has no lid to open and is more like a pouch than a traditional cooler . With that said I got use to the way it works , it is the best cooler ! I can put in an isce pak 4 waters some fruit , snacks and yougurt and at the end of a Florida hot summer day it is still cold . Great cooler
 About 20 years ago I bought a 6 pack soft cooler . It has lasted me several hundred flights and many vacations . It finally began to leak from tiny pin hole that were worn into the lining of the cooler or I would still be using it . I did n't want the cooler to leak in a luggage rack on a flight so I said goodbye to it and bought this new one .
 Great gift for the boater/beachbum/outdoorsman you know . Got this for my Dad a while ago , and it is still going strong . He uses it all the time ! It is a good size because is n't too small to be useless , nor is it too big to be a handful .
 Used this cooler and had ice 24 hours later . It is lightweight and very insulated works as advertised . Worth the money .
 Use this everyday for work keeps my food cool . The bag is very strong like a range bag for a firearm , I do n't see this ripping anytime soon
 Best cooler ever . Lightweight and keeps stuff really cold for a long time . Perfect size for the beach or anywhere .
 This cooler is one of the best I have used on the course . It stays cold all day and holds plenty . These coolers cost a little more than others , but given the perfect size and the ability to load them pretty heavy , it was worth it to me .
 This cooler is the best cooler I have ever owned . I purchased it to take with us on a trip to Aruba . It worked perfectly . Packed it in my suitcase and used it in 100 degree weather . It kept our beer and wine cool for the entire day . The ice was still cold in the cooler after sitting in the heat all day . Very durable . You can tell it will last forever . For me , this was the perfect size . At first I thought it might be to big to pack in a suitcase but it worked fine and I do n't think I would want a smaller one although I am considering buying the smaller version of the Polar Bear cooler -LRB- 6 can size -RRB- . It was easy to carry everywhere we went . Comes with a nice attached bottle opener . I am hooked on this cooler and will take it on every trip we go on . Highly recommend it . I still ca n't believe it kept the ice frozen all day on the beach in Aruba in 100 degree heat index . I kept saying to my wife ... `` this is the cadillac of coolers '' !!
 9-11-12 . This Polar Bear Coolers 12 Pack Soft Cooler in Red arrived directly from the manufacturer although vended by eBags.com . The price on Amazon.com was the best I could find anywhere , including at eBags Website . The cooler bag , while a `` soft-sided '' bag , is a very stiff bag made of heavy-duty canvas exterior and very heavy-grade vinyl liner that is water-proof . To expand the bag and form the stiff liner , on initial receipt from vendor , you fill it with hot water -LRB- approximately 115 degrees F. -RRB- for five minutes . This bag will hold about four US gallons of water , so do it in a sink , if possible . When the vinyl is heated and flexible , pour out the water and dry it with a cloth/paper towel , then form the liner to fit the full extent of the canvas outer shell . The liner is too large for the shell , when new , but this will probably shrink over time as the vinyl chemicals evaporate -LRB- they always do -RRB- . Shape the canvas bag into a rectangle , using the side retainer straps to keep it in that basic shape -LRB- thats the purpose of the straps -RRB- . The wide sturdy carry strap is detachable and has an anti-slip shoulder pad installed . The strap is adjustable and sufficiently long that a tall person will have no difficulty with the length and it can be shortened also . The attached dual handles have a velcro wrap to hold them together . The side pocket is quite small and will hold a small amount of napkins , plastic utensils , or whatever you can insert into it . You have to push the stiff vinyl liner away as the side pocket is between the canvas shell and the vinyl liner.As I will use it mostly for daily lunch carry , the first day it did not slip off my shoulder even once ; a remarkable accomplishment , as all other lunch bags I have used -LRB- the kind you get at Walmart or the $ 15 ones on amazon.com -RRB- seem to fall off continually . That is one of the reasons I bought this product . Overall , this is an outstandingly well constructed product made with high quality control . I 'm impressed and pleased with it.2-21-13 . Update . The bag I received developed cracks in the vinyl liner from daily opening and closing . I contacted the manufacturer , Polar Bear Coolers , in Cumming , Georgia , USA and the Customer Service representative , Leslie , promptly apologized and replaced the bag , advising that they had a bad batch of bags where the vinyl had the wrong mix of chemicals during manufacture . The Customer service is among the very best I have ever had from any company . They even sent a UPS pre-paid label for me to return the defective bag so they could further investigate the quality control issue to assure their products consistently meet their high manufacturing standards . The product is definitely a great product and I can highly recommend it . I use it daily to carry my lunch to work with ice-cold bottles of beverage . The icepacks I use stay frozen all day and the beverages are the same temperature that they were in my refrigerator . Very refreshing . These will make great gifts for friends .
 I bought this 12 can cooler to keep in the basket of a golf cart while playing . I 've had plenty of `` small '' coolers that look pretty and also appear well insulated . I was a little surprised at the higher cost of the Polar Bear , but the claims of keeping ice longer , not leaking , keeping hot items hot , etc. sounded good if they were true . Man-O-Man ... this thing is awesome ! Twelve drinks plus ice and there is still ice in the cooler the next day ? It lives up to every claim it makes . It is definitely leak proof and keeps the beer so cold it burns your throat on the way down ! On a 90 degree day , you will appreciate every penny spent for this great little cooler . Highly recommended to anyone .
 I 've been using it for over a year now and am COMPLETELY satisfied . Works equally as well as the $ 80 + `` name brand '' u-locks .
 From personal experience , I can only say that with this lock , your bike will be safe and secure and snug as a bug !
 I bought these for when I 'm using my snow blower to clear the driveway . I 've had my fingers frost bitten previously and need the `` togetherness '' mittens afford my fingers.I 've used these for 2 winters now and have no complaints . I 've been out clearing snow for an hour or more when the temp was zeroF clearing snow and did not have any problems with my fingers getting cold . They are holding up well . I have very large hands and these mittens have not torn at the base of the thumb at all -LRB- a problem I 've had previously with mittens and gloves -RRB- . I do n't know how they would do for all day skiing at 20 below , but I am extremely pleased with the use that I give them .
 We just bought a second pair of these ! Living in Upstate NY , we like to ski and snowshoe and find these mittens keep our hands warm in quite cold conditions . Highly recommended .
 These are the first mittons or gloves that actually keep my hands warm ! I love them .
 Bought these at an outdoor shop on sale , winced at the price , but they 're the first mittens I 've bought that keep my hands warm on the sled for a 5 hour run at sub-zero temps . I 'd buy them again even if they were n't on sale . This is my 4th winter with them , averaging 1200 miles per year , and they 're still in great shape and keep me warm . Best feature
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 This is the best spring M4 that you will find for the price . I think it goes about 350fps , and is crazy accurate with 20 g . The metal gearbox really helps to make it powerful . it only jams like once a year for me , but you should definitely have some WD40 , because eventually in like a year or two the trigger will be physically impossible to pull . but oil will solve it all . great gun .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I have had my ablounge for 6 weeks and really like it . I had been doing cruches for years with no improvement and in just this short period of time I lost an inch on my waist and another on the hips . Working out with the video gives you the best workout as it keeps you going slow enough . My only complaint is the hand strap is a little harsh on my skin when you extend your arms all the way through .
 This is a second one for our winter home . The `` Sport '' seems much sturdier then the # 2 model . Did take a while to assemble . Disappointed that they can not design one that folds up . Some specifications we read indicated that it would fold up some - but did n't . But in reality - if it was folded up in a closet we would n't use it as often . This was a good buy and a quality item .
 This the second one of these That I have owned . I like them very much .
 This is a affordable and easy way to exercise . You can watch tv or listen to it and still get a work out.Highly recommemd
 This ab lounge really works . I can feel it after doing a lot of it ima keep doing until i get the abs .
 My wife uses it more than I do . We have purchased two of them . It 's part of our covered patio furniture .
 I picked up an ab lounge sport last summer at a yard sale for 20 bucks . Figured I would sell it for 50 , an make a few dollars . Until i used it . I just wish it folded a little easier . That 's a small price to pay . If i was to ever need another one I would be happy to pay more for one . I use it about 30 mins two times a day , when i can .
 The ab lounge arrived sooner than I expected which was quite nice . Product was as advertised and works as expected . Does n't fold up as easily as I would like , but maybe having to leave it out will make it more user friendly .
 Nice lower back stretch . The holes in the arms had to be redrilled because they did not line up during assembly . It feels a bit wobbly so I hope it holds up . We are two average sized adults so there wo n't be any excessive weight on the material .
 This is a good chair ! Definitely works the Abs . I was too lazy to workout on a daily basis , but on the times that I did use this , I felt the burn and say some results !
 This is a comfortable way to work your abs . No more sore neck and struggling to get up off the floor . It was n't difficult to assemble because the nuts and bolts and parts of the ab machine are all numbered . I ca n't wait to get a flat stomach . I am so sick of my pot belly . So I am looking foward for my future 6 pack .
 This little lounger is a great way to exercise and watch t.v. or listen to music . It is the BEST way to do painless -LRB- even COMFORTABLE -RRB- sit-ups . I even use it as an inversion table in the reverse-stretch position . I paid $ 150 . for this , including shipping and was really disappointed to find it at the local Linens and Things for 79.99 . I 'm not so young , and the idea of disassembling , packing and returning was just too much for me . I must also say ... it was heck to assemble . I did it in a couple of sittings . BUT WORTH IT ! You wo n't be sorry . Wish that it came in choices of colors and base designs . I 'd love to have it as a permanent fixture in my living room . To make it look a little `` homier '' , I added a faux lamb 's rug to cover the seat . Also makes for warm , soft , cozy exercising .
 I have owned this product for about 18 months and use it at least 3 times a week . It provides very good results overall - I especially like the fact that you can stretch back -LRB- bowing your body -RRB- and then curl up to complete the crunch . Shifting positions allows you to target different abdominal muscles . Only real gripe -LRB- and hence the 4 stars -RRB- is the unit takes up a lot of room and can not be folded for storage .
 I use the ab-lounge everyday , multiple times without fail . But I call it the ` back-stretcherizer ' . It is not the best use of space if you are going for an ab machine only . If you are perfectly strong and healthy , it might feel like too much contraption and not enough action . Not everybody is used to the reverse-kind of ab crunch that this machine offers . You push backwards quickly , then slowly let the chair return to normal position by letting your core strength hold back the spring . It takes a little more patience than a normal , forward-crunching machine.But if you have stiff and painful hips , back , shoulders , etc. this unit will strengthen and stretch you like nothing I have ever used . If you stretch all the way back , you can actually grab the back leg/support of the unit and complete a back-bend walk-over - no kidding - something I thought I would never do again after my hip injuries.I used to use an ` inverta-bod ' for the exercises I do on the ab lounge . But this is so much better . Not only because of the walk-over bonus , but also because when not in use as an exerciser , it makes a fine patio chair . While lounging out on the chair , hey , why not do some stretching and strengthening . I do everyday.So bottom line ... this is way more than an ab machine , so if all you want is power to the abs , maybe not the best for you . But if you want to recondition a body that 's sore from always leaning forward , pulling forward , and generally getting stiff from too much computer , etc. you will not regret having this unit .
 This is a great workout and it has been very easy and comfortable to use . Set up and assembly was a little difficult and took about an hour and a half . It is way bigger than i thought , so i would definitely recommend you have quite a bit of space to store it . I was disappointed that this model did not fold up , i was counting on that for easy storage . instead its out all the time , luckily we had the space .
 I bought this from a local store before reading a lot of negative reviews . I was surprised to read them , and I 'd like to address two of these points :1 -RRB- Several people have stated it was difficult to assemble . I could not disagree more ! The directions even show you how you should lay parts out before assembly , and the nicely packaged bolts/nuts are even labeled with which step you will use them . I think that 's pretty convenient ! Now , I will concede that assembly is time consuming ; it took me almost 2 hours all told .2 -RRB- Some people said they felt no results . I tried it out immediately after assemblage , and in just 30 crunches I felt I had done 100 at the gym . Wow ! This thing is SICK!I will also have to agree that the Ab Lounge Sport - does - take up a lot of real estate , but for those of us with a room set aside for a home gym , this is a compromise well worth the results . And certainly worth the $ 67 I paid , considering I 've seen some sell it for twice that on here !
 I 'm a sucker for any ab machine infomercial . So , I have the full gamut of products . Here 's my rating and comparison on this one vs. what they promise and vs. the other available products to help you decide if it 's for you .1 . Quality - 5.0 starsThis is a very-well constructed , sturdy piece of exercise equipment - particularly for the price . Really capable of dealing with even taller or wider people .2 . Ease of Assembly/Space Needed/Storage 3.0 StarsAssembly is not too hard -LRB- I was able to do it and I 'm technically challenged -RRB- , but it 's not as easy as many of the infomercial machines which come totally together . I find the space needed for this one and the storage more challenging . While out - it takes up about 6-1/2 feet by 2-1/2 feet of clear space to use - or almost as much as a couch . At the same time , it 's not really attractive enough to be putting out as a general lounger . Storing it , is n't as easy as the infomercial makes it appear . It 's big and bulky even folded up . And , all of those quality materials mean it 's heavy and more challenging both to fold and find a place to hide away .3 . Ease of exercises - 5.0 StarsThis is as easy to use as promise . It provides great back support - if you are one of those whom typical crunches and other machines sometimes hurt your back .4 . Effectiveness of exercises - 4.0 StarsThis really does allow you to get in those long crunches that stretch your muscles and allows you to hit those hard to hit lower abs . There 's exercise routines included on the CD - or you can just sit in it watching your favorite TV show and do your favorite exercises from it . The area that it 's not as effective on are those side ab muscles . For that , I still stand by my all time most favorite infomercial productAB Dolly Plus . But , this one is more comfy than that one and you 'll definitely feel and see it working if you use repeatedly .5 . Desire to use repeatedly - 4.0 StarsFor me , these machines always come down to `` Do I want to use it often and does it work ? '' The answer on the first part of that question for me is `` it depends '' . When I have it out and sacrifice the space and look of the room - I use it regularly . But , it 's such a pain to get out and then put away - when I do n't want it hogging up space - it can stay tucked away for a long time . But , it does work.BOTTOM LINE
 I bought this item for my wife 4 years ago , after she had our first son via c-section . It was very gentle on her stomach and allowed her stomach muscles to return . We ended up giving it away to a friend about 2 years ago . My wife recently had another c-section 15 months ago and notice that her stomach is n't strong any more and feels extremely sore whenever she attempts normal sit-ups . I just ordered this same machine last night . She looks forward to getting her stomach back in shape and toned . This machine really does work and I would buy it again and again . For those who say that they do n't see results , I find that odd . This machine has been helpful for my wife and I think it can be useful to you too ! Need to strengthen your stomach muscles ? Buy this !
 It is so easy to use and actually feels good on the back . Great for people with back pain . It really works .
 I give this a 5 star rating because it was shipped in a timely manor and the product works great .
 Great product for those of us with back issues . It gives you the support needed for your back and the ability to trim the stomach and love handles without straining your back.Watch the video and follow the instructions and you will not strain your back.Sheri
 Hey guys . This is a great product IF !!! you USE IT !!!! The price you guys are asking is CRAZY !!!! I bought mine for $ 7.50 at a rummage sale in Tomah , WI . . Wan na buy mine ????? It 's NOT FOR SALE !!! I USE IT and it works for me !!!!!!
 The Ab Lounge Sport is perfect for my wife and I . It gives our abs a good workout without hurting our middle aged backs .
 This is my second chair . I had my first chair for approximately seven years . I never had any problems with the chair . It just wore out . It help me lose several inches from my abdomen . The material of the chair is sturdy and dureable . I recommend the Ab Lounge Sport for anyone looking for durablity and results .
 best thing you could have for your abs . its no miracle product-you still have to do your cardio-but man this things works !
 To begin with my wife loves it she has not stop using it since she got it . It got here on the day told to use with no problem
 This chair was good , glad I found it and purchased it . It was hard to find one like this . particular one . to buy ...
 This is so easy to use , I do n't believe I 'm exercising . Have n't had it long so no results to report . But it feels good to be doing SOMETHING !
 Difficult assembly - directions can be confusing . Otherwise , not bad for a great ab workout .
 Anybody buying this machine expecting to lose weight will be disappointed . The only way to lose weight is burn morecalories than you are eating . I dont have tv so I am not sure how this item is promoted . However , anyone knows thatrepeated bending in any form will have a positive effect on toning muscle -LRB- not fat ! -RRB- . If you sit on the machine and bend and see rolls of flesh , you will not be able to shed that on this machine . You need to go to the swimming pool -LRB- in or outdoor -RRB- and swim 20 laps a day every other day . Swim for 6 months or a year and then come back to the Ab Lounge . I can feel the Ab Lounge when I use it . Again , if you want to lose fat in the abdomen , you are going to have to do something else first . Correct your diet . Eat less . Ween yourself from huge portions and sugar cola . This machine is not going to burn many calories . Get an incline treadmill and or swim regimen going and quit eating tons of food . Eating even a few more calories than your body burns a day will prevent you from losing weight . If you drink alcohol daily or binge drink in addition to overeating , you will not lose weight . Do not eat anything fried . Try to eat little or no processed foods . Eat meat , greens , etc plain no condiments no dressings . Do n't buy boxed foods that are processed . Do not eat ketchup -LRB- corn syrup -RRB- . Be conscious of what is going into your body . Know how many calories your body burns a day . Do the math . Then the Ab Lounge can help you tone and increase muscle mass . Not trying to be mean . But these are the facts .
 Many people are looking for the fastest and easiest way to get into shape and to stay in shape . There are lots of products out there , but not all of them live up to what they say they will do . The Ab Lounge Sport is not one of those products . The Ab Lounge Sport is an exercise chair that promises great abdominals with minimal effort and time . Today , there are thousands of abdominal machines and workouts on the market , but none will give the results that the Ab Lounge Sport does . The Ab Lounge Sport is easy to setup and use , takes minimal time and effort , is of great build quality , and gives amazing results.The first thing that I look for in exercise equipment is an easy and fast set-up . Anything that is going to take me more than an hour to set up , I will not bother buying . Second , I look for the quality of the product . If the product is made very cheaply , then I assume it will not last long , and I would rather have something that lasts for years . Third , I look for how easy it is to use . If I can not understand how to use it just by looking at it , I usually will not buy it . Finally , I look for how much effort and time the exercise equipment will take . If it takes hours of working out and does not show amazing results quickly , then I do not think it is worth it . I want a product that takes at most 30 minutes a day and will show results within the first two weeks.The setup for the Ab Lounge Sport is very simplistic , if one can follow directions . All of the parts are shipped in one big box containing about 9 pieces . There is also an instruction manual and all of the materials needed to put the equipment together , except a screwdriver . The setup of the whole chair takes only about one hour . The only problem I ran into was that this chair does not fold easily for storage . It claims in the description that it does fold easily for storage , but it does not . I think that was a mistake ; the Ab Lounge 2 folds , but not this model . However , this was not a big problem because I leave it in a storage room and sometimes use it as a normal chair.For such an efficient low cost , one would be surprised at the magnificent quality of the parts of the Ab Lounge Sport . First , there are the supporting poles , which are made of steel and will hold up to 275 pounds . This has been tested - my grandfather weighs close to that and he did not break it , so I truly believe it holds 275 pounds . Second , the base of the chair is made of a blue canvas material . The canvas material is very sturdy , yet very flexible and comfortable . It is so comfortable that one could just use the Ab Lounge Sport as a chair . However , it is rather hard to take the cloth material off the chair to clean , so it is recommended that one uses a disinfectant spray before and after each exercise . Third , there is a strong piece of elastic at the top of the chair for your hands to hold on to when using the Ab Lounge Sport . The elastic is much easier and more comfortable to hold on to than a metal bar , like most exercise equipment . For example , the Powertec Workbench Ab Bench Plus has a metal bar for support and costs almost three times as much . Finally , there is a padded metal bar at the end of the chair for your feet . The padding is extremely soft so that shoes do not have to be on when using the Ab Lounge Sport . The chair is also adjustable so that it can fit anyone , no matter their height . All of these parts are extremely well built and come with a 90-day warranty , which is nice , but I doubt it will be needed.When looking at the Ab Lounge Sport , one would not think that it would do very much , but it does . It is very easy to use and takes minimal effort compared to regular crunches or sit-ups . One just simply lies back in the chair , holds on to the elastic and does a jackknife motion . After doing about 10 or 20 crunches , depending on how strong your abdominals are , you will start to feel a burn in your abdominals . However , you do not feel near as worn out as doing regular crunches and sit-ups . Also , there is no pain in your lower back or neck because they are fully supported . You may think that is all you can do with the chair , but there is much more . The Ab Lounge Sport also can be extended backwards creating more work on the abdominals , so if the regular crunch is too easy , then your body can be extended to make the exercise more strenuous . This makes it so that anyone can use the Ab Lounge Sport , from someone who has toned abdominals , to someone who has very weak abdominal muscles . The variety of the Ab Lounge Sport is a huge plus because anyone in the house can use this chair , young or old . There are many other ways to use the Ab Lounge Sport , and they are all included in an instruction booklet and workout DVD . I used the Ab Lounge Sport for 15 minutes once a day , for about two weeks , and already noticed toned abdominals . I also noticed my love handles were disappearing . This took very little time and a fourth of the effort it would have taken to do regular crunches and sit-ups . When purchasing the Ab Lounge Sport one receives a workout DVD , instruction booklet , and healthy eating guide . The workout DVD is very informative . It has several planned workouts and shows you specific ways to target different regions of your abdominals . The instruction booklet is the fast version of how to learn how to use the Ab Lounge Sport . It shows you the basic way to target all the different regions of your abdominals . The healthy eating guide includes tips on how to lose weight using the Ab Lounge Sport and also includes healthy recipes . This is a great addition for people who are trying to lose weight.Overall , my family and I were very pleased with the Ab Lounge Sport . It gave great results with minimal time and effort . The Ab Lounge Sport is very cost efficient at $ 129.99 , but still offers great quality . We have had ours for almost two years and it is still in excellent condition . The Ab Lounge Sport is great for anybody looking to tone their abdominals quickly , without having to put in a lot of hard work . I would rate this product as 4 stars .
 In the beginning I was not so sure that this would work . But after using it daily for the last couple of weeks since I purchased in April 2012 . I have seen a difference in the way my clothing fits around my waist and stomach area . I would recommend this product to someone that is really wanting to lose their stomach , it 's a good product , as long as you are persistant and stick with it .
 I purchased the ab lounge because I used one in the past and received great results . I really do n't have the time to go to the gym while working and going to school full time . The only day I did n't use my ab lounge was the first day that I put it together because that was a workout all by itself . After only ten minutes of working out on the ab lounge , I can feel the burn in my abs and even in my upper thighs and arms ! This is a great product for anyone that needs a quick workout , but does n't have the time or money for gym memberships .
 I have had this Ab Lounge 2 for 7 years . At least 6 of those years it has been outside under the orange tree . Got back into the mood -LRB- you know the mood -RRB- , hosed it off and started doing sit ups . Totally expected the canvas to split and fall on my rear . Been using it for a few days now and still works great , Wow , that says something about the quality of such an inexpensive piece of exersise equipment . Good job Ab Lounge !
 I have only been using the Ab Lounge for a few weeks but I do belive it will help to reduce flab and improvemuscle tone in my abs and help to strengten my back muscles . At the age on 76 I do not expect to add a `` six pack '' look but hope to lose the `` overhang of the belt '' . I have loss 15 pounds and reduced 2 inches off my my waist area with the help of the Ab Lounge and a more healthy diet . I would recoment the Ab Lounge to anyone but , do n't expect miracles and work at getting healthier .
 the ablounge is a great product . feel my abs burning after only a few reps. tried all kinds of ab workouts and was skeptical about it but gave it a shot and happy i did .
 This is exactly the addition to my work out equipment that I was looking for . It arrived quickly and took very little time to assemble .
 I love this Ab Lounge Sport . I use it while watching TV . It is really great for my aching muscles too . It does not have the pressure points that you get , when you do sit ups on the floor . It is very comfortable to use , and you do n't have the noise you get from using electric exercising equipment . It takes some putting-it-together but worth it . It is of VERY good quality .
 I have owned an Eagle Creek Guide Bag for about 3 years now , and in fact the one I have is the previous design from this one . It is a great bag , very durable , and the workmanship is excellent . I carry cell phone -LRB- and belt holster -RRB- , wallet , checkbook , note pad , keys , flashlight , reading glasses , sunglasses , and miscellaneous other items . My only problem is that the bag is just too small ... just a touch ... to carry all these things . Another inch all the way around would do nicely.OK ... Eagle Creek ... listen up ... resist the urge to put velcro closures on your bags . I have one from another manufacturer and the velcro not only rips off after repeated use , and deteriorates , but everyone all around you is subjected to that annoying RIIIIPPPP !! sound . Second , why did you stop making these bags out of a canvas material ? Trust me ... we men who carry these things take a LOT of flak , and a good , solid , manly-looking canvas bag is nice to have . In addition , it feels better to the touch .
 I love this bag . I bought two of them . very well made amd lots of compartments . well enough for me . even has a nice place for eye glasses . most bag have a place for cell phones and Ipods bot nothing for eye glasses . This Bag and do both . Wonderful . Qet this Bag !!!
 I found mine -LRB- not an antishock -RRB- in a large Missouri catalog outlet . I 'm 68 and starting to get a little unsteady at times . I took mine to Eureka Springs , AR the first year I had it . And I must say I 'm VERY glad I did . The streets there are very `` homemade '' , uneven and their steepness rivals anything San Fransisco has to offer . What very convenient and comfortable `` third leg '' . The closing mechanisms are , I think , the very best made . It takes only a modicum of effort to get a very tight bond that does n't slip . It might be more difficult for someone with arthritis . It also came with a hard carbon point that 's exposed by popping off the rubber tip . Rubber for the street , point for icy or slippery pavement . It also has a small snow basket available for just above the rubber tip . Fully opened to 53 '' , it might also be helpful as a monopod for short people to help with a steady shot . And it closes to a very compact 26 '' . The cork handle is also very non-slip and comfortable . I think it 's easier to handle than a vertical grip . I have n't tried an antishock version in this brand , so I can make no comparisons with it . But I 'm sure this brand , made in the Czech Republic , would be on par , or superior to mine . I 'm VERY impressed with the quality .
 I really love the shock-absorbing feature of this hiking stick . It telescopes very smoothly . Instructions are provided to make sure you set the correct length . The handle shape is very efficient . Of all the sticks I 've owned over the years this is the best !!
 The HFC MP5 is a nice gun . Ive had it for over a year and a half and no MAJOR problems , til about a few days ago . Overall the gun is good , just dont drop it too often . I had a few kids try it but they kept on dropping it . Now the collapsable stock is somewhat broken . I can pull it out but if i lean against it too hard , it slides back in due to a crack near the stock release . Still its useable . Second , the rear sight came a bit loose , so i try to use a screw driver to tighten it up . When i do that , I feel it screwing into nothing . Turns out the piece it screws into came out and now its rattling in my gun . So thats no rear sight , but its still easy to aim . Then a few days ago , my clip would not allow me to lock the springs down . Turns out the button on the top of the clip got jammed in and wouldnt come back up . So i decide to open it up and fix it , BIG MISTAKE ! Springs and pieces flew all over my room . I fixed to problem but i can only hold half the ammo now . But still , the gun works fine even with all these damages to it . It just keeps on going . and going and going ... Still dont mark me wrong , this is a VERY GOOD gun . High accuarcy and it delivers a nice hard hit . Quite fast too . The bb 's dont drift off course or anything , except for dropping abit due to gravity but still , not much . Ive used it on windy days and it still shoots straight . If your looking for a spring rifle , BUY THIS ONE !
 this gun is awesome all great qualities and high quality no problems like the other people had . Just pure load , cock , aim , and fire . It is great
 First off , is n't the product description up there for the UHC MP5 SD3 -LRB- which , by the way , is actually a far sturdier and more reliable gun -RRB- ? Anyway , when I took my friends HFC MP5 out of the box -LRB- it was delivered to my house because he was away -RRB- , me and my other friends there laughed and laughed . We shook the gun a bit , and the cocking handle and grip rattled . It was incredibly plasticy . Also , when I decided to try out the gun later , THE SPRING SHOT OUT THE BACK OF THE MAGAZINE . No joke . So after a bit of hard work , it was finally back together , and I didnt touch it . When the guy actually got the gun , we had no idea how get the magazine to hold 40 rounds instead of just 20 , because the instructions were hard to understand . We eventually figured it out . Sounds like a bad gun , doens ' t it ? Well , thats when things changed . The gun itself is an amazing firer . The bullets are fast and go far , and match up to the UHC MP5 and many other more expensive guns . The pump had to be removed because it was almost impossible to use , but the handle , though shaky , does fine . I cant say much more about the feel of this gun , because after the first incident with the magazine I havent been able to use it much , but I will say that it hurts like crap when you get shot with it , even from about 70 feet off .
 pros - nice velocity , small and portablecons-jams from time to time , magazine doesnt hold nothing
 im not under 13 but whatever . this is a pretty good gun , its accurate and powerful . if you take the pump off it looks more like a real MP5 . only reason it gets 4 stars is becuase my friend shot it and for some reason the barrel and front sight flew out of the gun , but this can easily be fixed . dont get me wrong this is a very good gun , but the UHC is better although it only holds 20 rounds . for under 50 $ this is a vERY GOOD GUN , i got shot from 2 feet with it in the face and it gave me a HORIBLE headache and a bloody welt .
 this is my ovoral favorite out of my 5 guns its heavy and ithink its metal very hard shotting herts like a ... . great gun look no furthor
 I love these shorts ! I have finally found a COMFORTABLE pair of athletic shorts to wear while I work out . They are sized perfectly & are made of a wonderful light weight fabric . I love their length especially because they hit about an inch & a half above my knees , which is perfect for us more conservative women . The shorts fit sort of loosely , which is just what I was looking for , so do n't buy if you 're looking for a more fitted style of short .
 Truly great running pants . I have already used them to go running and they are very comfy . I highly recommend them .
 I played soccer in these shorts . I had the red and the white ones . For the white I had black spandex under neither and you really could n't tell I had them on . Now I am wanting to by a pair my self . I loved them and hope I do n't get disappointed .
 these are a must buy !!! i love the quality and I look so good in them if I do say so myself . I bought the large ones because I just needed a few dollars to fill up my cart and they were only 6 bucks . I usually wear a medium but these work fine . I would buy 100 of them if I could !
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 My grandson loved the sweatshirt . The quality was excellent.Took a little time to get but that was due to Christmas.I woulduse this site again .
 Great product , leather . This old guy prefers a good leather holster . Let the young punks buy up all that plastic crap their making now . The leather will last forever and Bianchi makes them well . For concealment this is the best , keeps the weapon close to your body . Plastic stuff sticks way to far out .
 I 'd been looking for this particular holster and base on reviews I ordered it . Perfect fit , close to the body , easily concealable . Great craftsmanship - this is the second Bianchi I own and they are both perfect for the job required .
 I have tried many holsters for my Glock 27 , and the Bianchi Black Widow Hip holster is the best one on the market . I like the thumb snap , and it feels good on your side . I would highly recommend this holster and ordering from Amazon with fast shipping and no hassle returns , to all my Friends .
 I have several mini helmets , college teams and pro teams , a great way to show pride in your favorite teams . Riddell makes a great product .
 I had purchased this from Amazon for my 7yr old son . His shoe size at the time was 4.5 . He is now a size 5 and can still use these fins without any difficulty in fit . They are not fancy but the fins work great and my son says they are comfortable . In looking for fins , it was difficult to figure out the sizing issue so I hope this helps .
 This is a great set for the price . The shipping weight in the description is incorrect . The shipping weight is 18 pounds . The set with case weighs 16 pounds . The chips weigh around 11.5 grams each . My scale only measures in increments of 2 grams , so I got a reading of 12 grams . The case is nice , impressive looking . The cards are basic decks , nothing fancy . You may want to substitute your own cards . This is a good beginner or intermediate set , perfect for beer night or for a gift . Shipping was $ 20 , so the set ends up costing $ 40 , still the least expensive total price on Amazon or Ebay .
 I love these shorts ! I have finally found a COMFORTABLE pair of athletic shorts to wear while I work out . They are sized perfectly & are made of a wonderful light weight fabric . I love their length especially because they hit about an inch & a half above my knees , which is perfect for us more conservative women . The shorts fit sort of loosely , which is just what I was looking for , so do n't buy if you 're looking for a more fitted style of short .
 Truly great running pants . I have already used them to go running and they are very comfy . I highly recommend them .
 I played soccer in these shorts . I had the red and the white ones . For the white I had black spandex under neither and you really could n't tell I had them on . Now I am wanting to by a pair my self . I loved them and hope I do n't get disappointed .
 these are a must buy !!! i love the quality and I look so good in them if I do say so myself . I bought the large ones because I just needed a few dollars to fill up my cart and they were only 6 bucks . I usually wear a medium but these work fine . I would buy 100 of them if I could !
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 I bought these for when I 'm using my snow blower to clear the driveway . I 've had my fingers frost bitten previously and need the `` togetherness '' mittens afford my fingers.I 've used these for 2 winters now and have no complaints . I 've been out clearing snow for an hour or more when the temp was zeroF clearing snow and did not have any problems with my fingers getting cold . They are holding up well . I have very large hands and these mittens have not torn at the base of the thumb at all -LRB- a problem I 've had previously with mittens and gloves -RRB- . I do n't know how they would do for all day skiing at 20 below , but I am extremely pleased with the use that I give them .
 We just bought a second pair of these ! Living in Upstate NY , we like to ski and snowshoe and find these mittens keep our hands warm in quite cold conditions . Highly recommended .
 These are the first mittons or gloves that actually keep my hands warm ! I love them .
 Bought these at an outdoor shop on sale , winced at the price , but they 're the first mittens I 've bought that keep my hands warm on the sled for a 5 hour run at sub-zero temps . I 'd buy them again even if they were n't on sale . This is my 4th winter with them , averaging 1200 miles per year , and they 're still in great shape and keep me warm . Best feature
 I bought this shirt before my annual trip into NYC to catch a Mets series . The shirt arrived quickly . Excellent quality.I would recommend this for any Mets fan .
 I bought a large version of these tshirts for my son . He is around 5 '11 and 130 pounds . These are his thoughts : It fits perfectly , it is not too large or loose but not small or tight either . The look of the tshirt is great with vivid colors . The texture used for the logo 's on the back and front of the shirt are not bothersome when they touch up against skin . The fabric isnt super soft but not hard so it wont be bothersome . It doesnt make you hot when you are outside in the hot weather either .
 Good quality and true to size - put through several washes and still just fine !
 Mets TeeGood quality , as its a Davy Wright shirt , who is one of my favorite Mets -LRB- tho he 's in a slump right now -RRB- I enjoy wearing it .
 Ordered a road jersey for NY Mets , David Wright for my husband for Father 's Day . Purchase was easy , item arrived fast , quality was excellent . Extrememly happy with purchase , definetely recommend to others .
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 The bamboo series is a bit pricier than some of the other longboards -LRB- only by about $ 20 -RRB- , but this board is a great all around ride . I use it on the boardwalk , sidewalks , and the open road -LRB- downhill also -RRB- . I am a 185lb rider with size 12 shoe and this badboy fits me very well with less flex than some of the other boards . Cool graphics too !
 I bought this shirt before my annual trip into NYC to catch a Mets series . The shirt arrived quickly . Excellent quality.I would recommend this for any Mets fan .
 I bought a large version of these tshirts for my son . He is around 5 '11 and 130 pounds . These are his thoughts : It fits perfectly , it is not too large or loose but not small or tight either . The look of the tshirt is great with vivid colors . The texture used for the logo 's on the back and front of the shirt are not bothersome when they touch up against skin . The fabric isnt super soft but not hard so it wont be bothersome . It doesnt make you hot when you are outside in the hot weather either .
 Good quality and true to size - put through several washes and still just fine !
 Mets TeeGood quality , as its a Davy Wright shirt , who is one of my favorite Mets -LRB- tho he 's in a slump right now -RRB- I enjoy wearing it .
 Ordered a road jersey for NY Mets , David Wright for my husband for Father 's Day . Purchase was easy , item arrived fast , quality was excellent . Extrememly happy with purchase , definetely recommend to others .
 Great bag ! If you have really big feet , your shoes may fit a bit snug in the bag . I have small feet and love the bag !
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 Works exactly as it should . I take it with me to the pool to track my lap times and make notes about improvement . No problem using the pencil on the paper . It does n't erase great which is why I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 but you ca n't ask for much better . I recommend it for anyone that needs to write when they know it will be difficult for traditional paper .
 We already have one of these but with only 50 feet of line that we use on our Lake boat . But it is so easy to use that I purchased this 100 ft. throw sak for our ocean boat . It is much easier to toss to a MOB -LRB- man overboard -RRB- than the traditional ring buoy or cushion . I especially like the mesh bottom that allows the wet line to dry when stowed in the bag . Easily hooks anywhere on your vessel also it has a sturdy SS ring for hanging on a hook . Much more cost effective than purchasing at the local boat store -LRB- about 1/2 price even with shipping -RRB- and I saved on the tax !
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 I bought these shoes yesterday before going on a walking tour around the D.C. . They certainly kept my feet comfortable after walking miles and miles around the monuments , memorials and museums . Brand new shoes usually hurt my feet , and it takes some time to get used to them but these worked well on the first day . Sorry that I can not comment on their durability yet .
 These shoes are a good solid running shoe , not good for dirt road running , Have n't tried them on trails yet , but stay away from loose gravel areas because the rocks will get lodged in the hole under the heel , it 's very aggravating to remove them -LRB- I 've had to use tools to remove them -RRB- Other then that , the shoes are great for running , good solid support and I was surprised to find them not as heavy as I expected .
 This shoe is great it fits perfect and it is comfortable . the price is also reasonable
 I love these shorts ! I have finally found a COMFORTABLE pair of athletic shorts to wear while I work out . They are sized perfectly & are made of a wonderful light weight fabric . I love their length especially because they hit about an inch & a half above my knees , which is perfect for us more conservative women . The shorts fit sort of loosely , which is just what I was looking for , so do n't buy if you 're looking for a more fitted style of short .
 Truly great running pants . I have already used them to go running and they are very comfy . I highly recommend them .
 I played soccer in these shorts . I had the red and the white ones . For the white I had black spandex under neither and you really could n't tell I had them on . Now I am wanting to by a pair my self . I loved them and hope I do n't get disappointed .
 these are a must buy !!! i love the quality and I look so good in them if I do say so myself . I bought the large ones because I just needed a few dollars to fill up my cart and they were only 6 bucks . I usually wear a medium but these work fine . I would buy 100 of them if I could !
 This sleeping bag has given me and my husband MANY good nights of sleep . It is just perfect and very warm .
 Tired of sleeping alone during camping ? Columbia has made a double sleeping bag for you lovers and lonely ones out there . Sleeping with another person can also be warmer and safer , so this sleeping bag is great and it 's durable , comfy , and waterproof ! This is a great buy and I recommend it for everyone , especially camping lovers !
 My girlfriend and I kept warm in chilly conditions whilst camping -- it 's warm , and creates a good barrier between you & the ground . Plus , it comes with these cute little camping pillows ! Great item , great price ...
 My husband and I debated buying two newer bags to zip together , but ultimately decided on this bag as we typically car camp and we often sleep on an air mattress . -LRB- Using two bags on an air mattress is less than ideal , and they slip off . -RRB- This bag is great for just this purpose . It has straps to hold it to an air mattress , plus a soft spot for our feet . A big selling point for us was the height that it accommodated - my husband is 6 ' 1 ' and he has loads of space at his feet . It has great , comfy little pillows that you just roll up with the bag . And there 's a little zippy pocket next to the head on each side for keys or similar.Two things to know about this bag :1 -RRB- it is n't as warm or as light as down bags , but we did n't find any double down bags at the time we were shopping . It says it has a 30 + rating which is OK for good weather car camping . If we car camp , we also take along a fleece blanket in case it gets extra chilly , and while we 're at it , something to throw on top of the air mattress since that 's usually very cold . We have tried it sleeping on the ground or thermarest yet .2 -RRB- You ca n't even think about taking this hiking . It 's enormous , bigger than my two - to three-day backpacking pack . If you want a bag/bags that you 'll also use for backpacking , you need to buy two bags that will both collapse.Bottom line - it 's a great , value-priced bag for couples who mostly car camp . It would probably be especially suited for camper vans and the like as you have just one thing to roll out , rather than a bed to make .
 This bag is very good for car camping but is too bulky for the rest . The only problem I have with this bag is that it creates too much static electric because of its outer shell . Otherwise it is a good product .
 I was researching all of the double sleeping bags , but finally choose this one and was very happy with my decision . I like the fact that you can attach it to your air mattress and that the pillows are detachable so you can bring yours along instead . It is very warm and zippers are on both sides . Definitely reccommend !
 Superb sleeping bag for summer car camping . Spacious , comfortable and conducive to a perfect night 's sleep . Even better coupled with an air mattress -LRB- hey , you may as well when you 're car camping ! -RRB- The pillows are a bit small , yes , but they 're a -RRB- very comfy and b -RRB- a lot better than the usual rolled-up sweater ! My husband and I both agree that it 's the best sleeping bag either of us has ever slept in .
 We found these to be very comfortable . We bought the double bag because it was our first camping trip with our 2 kids & it matched our tent . Both my son , 7 years old & daughter 4 years old never sleep in their own beds when we are away from home so we thought it wise to buy these for our trip . My daughter slept with me & my son snuggled with his Dad . The pillows are a bit small but they were comfortable enough . These bags are not good if you are backpacking since they are rather big but they are ideal when you drive up to you campsite .
 We love it . We are both approaching retirement age in a few years , but we still love to go camping and sleeping in the same bed . This double sleeping bag is warm , soft and does n't take up a lot of space when packing for a camping trip , and we get to sleep in the same `` bag '' . We are very pleased with this purchase .
 I purchased this bag to use in our pop-up camper , and it has worked wonderfully . If anything , it may be too warm for me , although my wife thinks it 's just right . It is extremely large and bulky , which I expected . I have other very packable bags that I use when space and weight are a concern , but this bag works great when backpacking is n't an issue . The two halves will come completely apart for cleaning and storage . Very well built , as I knew a Columbia bag would be . Great bag - comfortable , roomy , but bulky .
 This a great sleeping bag for a couple . You stay very warm , and the pillows are a nice touch . Great bag for car camping or trailer camping !
 Purchased this product for camping out of my van on surf trips . Build quality is good and usually zips without catching material . Pillows are a stupid x-tra . The fitting on the underside allows me to tuck it around a 4 '' futon mattress for a very comfortable nights sleep . Once tucked it does n't move around and is very much like fitted sheets . Warm enough for summer in So . California ; socks , beenie and thermos always help if needed .
 Got it in a timely manner and of excellent quality . Tags were on it , wonderful work really . Good price too , would definitely order from this vendor again . I was thoroughly satisfied .
 ... if you have absolutly no experience with t ` ai chi beforehand . I had not and this dvd was perfect for me . I mainly got it for the 1 lb . chi ball -LRB- which I could n't find anywhere else -RRB- . The book is not big but conatins excerpts from Ross ' book and is interesting . The DVD contains 2 sections
 this CD is a very good beginning for a novice at Tai Chi . It is a little difficult because you have to reverse what you are looking at but it is good practice at knowing your rt and lt leg and hand from one another . The scenery and the teacher are breathtakingly awesome ! It is worth the price to feel as if you are right there doing Tai Chi with that beautiful scenery as a backdrop . Tai Chi is very relaxing and , yet , a great workout .
 T'ai Chi for Beginners is perfect for my needs . I mainly follow the upper body routine . It is a great way to stretch and using a one pound ball enhances the workout . It is gentle , easy and good for someone who has physical limitations , i.e. I have nerve referral pain in my calf . I am 70 years old and keep on keepin on !
 I got this mostly for the ball , it came with a cd . The cd was a bonus extra -LRB- in my case -RRB- that I was surprised by . It was a very fun and worthwhile exercise movie . The ball is great , it is a one pound red squishy ball -LRB- feels like a heavy duty bean bag with plastic beans -RRB- . Overall I am very happy with this purchase . I bought mine used to save a few dollars .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 So far so good . I have n't had to use it on the river yet , but it works fine in practice .
 I bought these shoes yesterday before going on a walking tour around the D.C. . They certainly kept my feet comfortable after walking miles and miles around the monuments , memorials and museums . Brand new shoes usually hurt my feet , and it takes some time to get used to them but these worked well on the first day . Sorry that I can not comment on their durability yet .
 These shoes are a good solid running shoe , not good for dirt road running , Have n't tried them on trails yet , but stay away from loose gravel areas because the rocks will get lodged in the hole under the heel , it 's very aggravating to remove them -LRB- I 've had to use tools to remove them -RRB- Other then that , the shoes are great for running , good solid support and I was surprised to find them not as heavy as I expected .
 This shoe is great it fits perfect and it is comfortable . the price is also reasonable
 Great gift for Ga. . Tech fans . Shipping was prompt and informative . Packaging was a sealed plastic bag with the Jersey neatly folded and with original tags . Great quality in material . A great purchase .
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 Outstanding product that reduces/prevents theft of boat motor under 40 HP . I thought it would be hard to find , but it was not . Well worth the money if you value your boat motor !
 Works fine with my Mariner 20hp . I read in the reviews that it rattles . I can rattle it by hand but do n't notice anything while driving the boat . Someone could still steal your motor but it would take time and make a lot of noise getting it off . Looks good and works fine . Easy enough to get on and off with the key .
 I wanted a watch with the following qualities : - multi-line split display - at least 30 lap memory for longer workouts - large readout for easy viewing while running hard - easy recall of splits afterwardMy Nike watch has sufficient lap memory but only a single line display and is difficult to recall lap data . My Ultrak watch has multi-line display but only 10 lap memory and is difficult to read on the move with its small 3-line display . My Timex watches have single split display and too little memory ... I had taken to using a hand-held multi-line stopwatch as a compromise . The Accusplit 940MXT strikes a nice balance of the desired qualities at a fraction the cost of anything comparable . I also like that there 's no stop/reset single-click buttons to accidentally reset things while recalling data.Something I disliked at first turned out to be a great feature that is poorly documented in the sparse manual . When you press the split button , the display stays frozen on the split and cumulative time to the point of that split . Most stopwatches would give you a still-running cumulative time . The Accusplit allows you to show the running time again by pressing another button . That seemed like a mild annoyance , until I realized that that second screen gives you a hidden rarity -- the elapsed time of the current split . No more need to look at last cumulative split time and current time to figure it out by subtracting the difference ... Even my nice , 3-line display hand-held stopwatches do n't have that feature.It is n't perfect , though . A few drawbacks : - As far as I can tell , there is no way to turn on the chime for start/split buttons in stopwatch mode . Nearly every other watch out there beeps when you press a button , making it a bit disconcerting when you do n't get that audible feedback with the Accusplit . - It is rather bulky . The watch sits quite high , but this is actually a good thing as it makes the split button easier to press without having to hunt for it . More significantly , it is n't a very flexible case/band design and is sized for at least a medium thickness wrist . Makes for a somewhat sloppy fit -- either too tight for comfort or too loose to stay where you want it . - The button labeling is pretty goofy . I guess they wanted to keep things generic for all the multi-purpose buttons in various modes , but the labels they chose are pure nonsense . Not a big deal once you 've read through the 2-page manual.At $ 20-30 , the Accusplit appears to be very good value . At closer to list price , the drawbacks might warrant consideration . I highly recommend it if you catch it on special.UPDATE
 I love these shorts ! I have finally found a COMFORTABLE pair of athletic shorts to wear while I work out . They are sized perfectly & are made of a wonderful light weight fabric . I love their length especially because they hit about an inch & a half above my knees , which is perfect for us more conservative women . The shorts fit sort of loosely , which is just what I was looking for , so do n't buy if you 're looking for a more fitted style of short .
 Truly great running pants . I have already used them to go running and they are very comfy . I highly recommend them .
 I played soccer in these shorts . I had the red and the white ones . For the white I had black spandex under neither and you really could n't tell I had them on . Now I am wanting to by a pair my self . I loved them and hope I do n't get disappointed .
 these are a must buy !!! i love the quality and I look so good in them if I do say so myself . I bought the large ones because I just needed a few dollars to fill up my cart and they were only 6 bucks . I usually wear a medium but these work fine . I would buy 100 of them if I could !
 Got it in a timely manner and of excellent quality . Tags were on it , wonderful work really . Good price too , would definitely order from this vendor again . I was thoroughly satisfied .
 Really good quality product at such great price . Light-weight , sturdy , good-looking , plastic handle is useful . Very good for general use , but might not for specific use , like class III or above whitewater . Wish Amazon continue offering Seasense paddle .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 Got it in a timely manner and of excellent quality . Tags were on it , wonderful work really . Good price too , would definitely order from this vendor again . I was thoroughly satisfied .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 This is used daily in a laboratory . A big feature for us is that it can count in seconds beyond 60 -- we do not have to convert 3:41 to 221 seconds , saving us a step . The buttons work with a solid click . It is better and cheaper than the stopwatch it replaced .
 Its not the most expensive timer around , but its well made and serves the purpose when your school clock breaks down . .
 It is and it does exactly what it says in description . It 's very easy to use . Only thing I wish it had , would be backlight on the display - it 's a little dark . Ohterwise it 's great .
 I use this for workouts . The timers , stopwatch and countdown timer are perfect . It has also lived through a very hot summer in the garage which every stopwatch I 've had did not make it !
 I bought this item for our engine shop because we needed something easy to use to keep track of job time . This item worked better than we had hoped . It is easy to use and just large enough to not disappear and small enough to not get in the way .
 Very good shirt , Wore it during the games and WE WON ! Very satisfied ...
 This is a nice timer for the money . It can be easily read from across the room . The description of this product is full of errors though . It runs on a AAA battery and not a C battery . It does n't feature a four-mode stopwatch . It 's more like a single-mode stopwatch with no split features . It says it is accurate to 1/100th of a second , but the display only shows seconds , minutes , and hours . The two countdown timers can be set to countdown from 23:59:59 . And the only alarm this timer has is the countdown timers . Each countdown timer has its own memory so it is easy to reset the timer to a preset time . Forget about the warranty . Accusplit warranties are based on when the product is made and not when you purchase it . Even then , only the first year is free -LRB- not including shipping -RRB- . You have to pay a fee for warranty repairs after the first year . The unit I received from Amazon was manufactured over two years ago -LRB- still brand new sealed in its package -RRB- . If it was n't for the crazy warranty policy , I would have given this timer 5 stars .
 Love it , it has 2 seperate timers that work at the same time and the count up timer is great for when I am cooking new recipes so I dont have to worry about calculating how long something was cooking . .
 Bought this bar to replace the stock Steel bar on my Specialized Hardrock Disc . It was a perfect fit as described , its much lighter and has the rise I prefer . It also looks just as good as the stock bar did , no complaints .
 Product is just as described . Works like it should . Very light weight , lighter than the OE alloy bar its replacing , and this bar is wider . Has enough space on either side of the stem to attach handle bar accessories such as camera mount or water bottle mount . I have both , and it works well for me . Was initially worried that it might bend in hard use , but so far has held up all I give it on XC riding for the past 4 months . Good handle bar at a good price .
 I needed more height in the handlebar for our tandem bicycle . This one provided the right amount . Easy to install and allows a much more comfortable riding position .
 I like buying by the tooling involved in the swords . This one I gave as a gift . Very sharp in looks and to touch . So its no toy . Your friends will admire it and it wo n't cost you a fortune .
 I ordered this for Christmas and I had speedy delivery . The sweatshirt was of good quality and fit the way it was supposed to fit . The person who received the sweatshirt was very happy with it !
 This sleeping bag is an excellent warm weather bag . It 's light weight but much warmer than I anticipated . It should be perfect down to 50 degrees . The bag looks great and is very well made . I purchased 2 and may get 2 more for our next camping event with the kids . A great value !
 This bag err , liner , rocks ! I love how it sports the Columbia name all over it 's black and blue colors :-RRB- It 's lightweight and packs down well in its own compression sack about 16 '' long and 6 1/2 '' wide . No more big and bulky fill bags that take up half your storage bin ! I 've used it once for a mock camp and it slept well around 60 degrees . I am going to try it as a 3 season bag in conjunction with using my tent heater . Now that might not work for everyone , but its perfect for me as I dont like to be weighed down with heavy covers , so if you 're like that too I know this will be a sweet looking bag for you .
 I did a long bicycle tour in the summer weather , and wanted a very light-weight packable bag , and this fit the bill admirably . It comes with it 's own stuff mesh sack , and packs quite tight . The weather at one point dropped down to 45 at night , and this sack -LRB- along with some sweat clothes -RRB- had me in good stead - and for the warmer nights it was just right.The fleece lining is very comfortable , and there are elastic loops at the foot of the bag when you roll it up so it is easy to secure .
 This lightweight bag is perfect for cool Hawaiian nights . The liner is soft polarfleece and the poly outside shell lets it double as a stadium blanket too . Packs up small into its own mesh bag -LRB- with a handy ID tag for multi-bag situations -RRB- ... and best of all , shipping is free !
 Silky smooth on the outside and soft on the inside , these sleeping bags are small , lightweight , easy to store in their mesh carrying cases , and easy to zip and unzip . Quality materials appear to be used every step of the way . Nice pockets for keys and glasses cases .
 I bought this for Coachella , a music festival in Indio -LRB- Palm Springs -RRB- , Cali , so the temperature rating was n't really a concern at all when buying . Before getting into detail , this bag is really good . While it is n't very thickly padded , it is surprisingly good for how thin it is . The last night it got kind of cool and when getting inside the bag , it kept me surprisingly warm and was really nice . I 'd say this bag is good to the low 40s , and I 'm a scrawny dude . For the price here , I would buy again , but not if I 'd be sleeping on ground that was n't very soft .
 I purchased two of these bags for myself , and like them so much I bought 8 more to give as Christmas presents . Works well for summer camping or when sleeping on someone 's couch when visiting overnight . It 's about half the size of a normal sleeping bag and packs well in the corner of a car trunk , etc. . Good for travel backpacking , but still a bit too heavy and thick if you are into very light travelling . Fleece lining is a bonus - this is very comfortable - makes a great blanket as well .
 I bought this to use for camping in a travel trailer . It is very light-weight , yet soft and cozy . Fine for summer and winter inside the trailer , and so much easier than wrestling with sheets and blankets . It quickly and easily rolls up and fastens with self-attached elastic loops and takes up almost no space when not in use . It machine washes & dries beautifully .
 planning on taking this bag for a stay in Costa Rica . Its warm , comfortable , big enough to move around in , long enough -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 11 '' -RRB- and still small enough to pack for traveling .
 I like this product very much , it is comfortable and lightweight and very packable . It works great as a liner , the slick outside lets me turn inside my warmer sleeping bag without it twisting up . The only thing I dislike is that the fleece is not on the whole of the inside . A few inches of nylon edging border the zipper and can be a little cold/uncomfortable on bare skin . I work in an outdoor wilderness program and use this sleeping bag 8 days out of every two weeks and it has worked out great for me .
 I purchased three bugaboo 's for a family backpacking trip -LRB- a few miles of hiking -RRB- . My 4 year old , seven year old and my self each slept in one . They preformed perfectly , warm enough , comfortable , zippers work well . My only complaint is that they could be lighter , and pack smaller , but so could my tent , my gear and everything else ... All in all a great value for the dollar .
 I bought this sleeping bag to take on a recent video shoot trip to the Philippines . When I first heard we needed sleeping bags I was apprehensive , given the size , thickness , and warmth of most . I also had limited space in my luggage and needed something small . This Bugaboo Bag was perfect ! It rolls up to be very compact , and its 55-degree rating was perfect for the tropical climate , even during the nights when we had access to air conditioning which actually worked . I ended up unzipping it fully and using it as a blanket . For warmer climate applications , I highly recommend this sleeping bag .
 I really felt the difference with this bag with the details . Heavy duty zippers that are smooth which surprisingly is tough to get right by others.Useful side pockets and a well padded back . Great fit of the shoulder straps . I 'd recommend it if you want a bag that has a lot of room .
 A well-designed and satisfactory product for an excellent price ! No mistakes here , OGIO packs are one of the best in the market . You can buy them with blinfolded eyes !
 It is a good sleeping bag , definitely good value for money . I did not try it in extreme conditions , the lowest I went was 32F -LRB- 0c -RRB- in the tent and it kept me warm without having to wear any thermal clothes . The rating at 0F -LRB- -17 c -RRB- may be a bit optimistic though.The compression bag comes with a zipper -LRB- very practical -RRB- and there are small pockets to put away everything a camper needs during the night !
 This is a very nice warm nylon bag . The compression storage bag is very handy .
 I got the sleeping bag real fast . It is a great bag and I would recommend it highly
 This sleeping bag kept me so warm and cuddly . I enjoyed sleeping in it very very very very very much . It could comfortably fit me and my significant other . Giggiddy Giggiddy .
 Very good shirt , Wore it during the games and WE WON ! Very satisfied ...
 Length :
 So I was surprised and had a good laugh when I opened it up and it said Air Duster . I believe this is sold this way to get around the shipping of compressed items that some areas prevent . I had a hard time buying this stuff a year or so ago when some regulations changed for cross state regulations of compressed items , could n't even ship spray paint.I do n't know if my label was different than others but it is more than just air . It has the oil in it , and the right stuff . You can see in the contents on the can what is inside , and if you get it sprayed on you it 's slick like silicon oil should be . The filler neck is just as it should be , it 's obviously more than air . It 's a great value , and I 'll buy again if I run out , these cans are big and should give plenty of fun . Sure the pic there is different than you receive , but so what it 's the same product .
 The two main airsoft websites I frequent actually do n't sell green gas . This product does what it should and at a great price . Ca n't ask for much more .
 Can came as pictured , on time , in great condition . Did not receive any pc `` air duster '' or mislabeled crap . Got 2 cans of exactly what is pictured .
 As stated in my review 's title , the 1000 mL green gas worked as expected in my climate -LRB- central Texas -RRB- and therefore merits a five-star rating . Shipping was conducted in a timely manner . I recieved two cans of gas labled `` All-purpose Air Duster . '' After removing the stick-on layer , I was greeted with a white and green ULTRAIR power gas logo . The canister had all needed safety information , most of it common sense . I was satisfied with my purchase and was able to use it with my WE High-capa 5.1 Silver Dragon .
 I guess this stuff works ok . I had a Y&P MK23 and got about 15 shots from each mag fill . I 'm not sure if green gas is supposed to be more efficient than that but it seemed ok . I actually sold my pistol and this green gas .
 Really good . It just supports my air pistols so well . I just love it . Ships fast so that you can enjoy earlier .
 I love my gas powered airsoft guns -LRB- KWA MP7 , M4 PTR , 1911 , M9 -RRB- and this is the only green gas I use to power them for game day !
 great product . Arrived on time and worked well with the airsoft gun that we had previously purchased for my husband .
 bought these for my whole team ... great deal and i will definatly buy more soon ... . i use it with all my gas guns
 Item was hard to locate locally . I ordered it through Amazon and received it in good time , complete as ordered .
 My first can of airsoft gas was not very great , and cost more than the two of these . The cans are highly pressurized , so you will get a lot of shots ot of each one . The price is hard to beat , also .
 Works as well as any `` green gas '' I hhave used in the past with my airsoft pistols . The price is great ... shipping charge too high . Appears that this is how they make up for the good gas price ?!?!? If you can get a good shipping price , then it 's a great buy !!!
 Great Purchase ! Easily connected to the gun and boom , boom , boom . Was able to use the gun all day . Very happy with this purchase . Thank you .
 All green gas seems to come from the same place with different outside labels . It 's generic and this is more of the same . Great service from the vendor .
 It 's what it says in the description . Go buy it and you wo n't get disappointed . I guarantee that your going to like it .
 It 's exactly what it is
 Highly recommend !! Great turn around time , price & product ! We will definitely be doing a lot more business with them again !
 Works as expected , It works for my kwa m9 -LRB- but is compatible with all gas powered airsoft guns -RRB- and I prefer green gas to c02 : -RRB-
 Shipped to Chicago and I got what the picture showed . Not the air duster cover that people got from the reviews below.the gas gets the job done
 I bought this originally thinking that this was an off brand but when I received it , the product was a great name brand and well worth it .
 The performance seems quite good . But it would be better that the picture could match the physical goods . And the shipping fee is expensive a bit .
 Bought these to use in my airsoft pistol . Works great and easy to use . I shopped around and these were excellent priced and were shipped promptly .
 great product . thought it didnt look anything like what this picture is it IS good stuff . ill be buying more
 I bought this a little while back and still have plenty left this is a great buy and last a while . I would definitely recommend this to my friends .
 This product seems to work very well.It does n't smell like the propane and it seems to work better for my pistol , it keeps the pistol lubricated and shooting seems to have more power . Will buy and use this product again .
 It arrived in a cleverly disguised can that labeled it as a propellant for household tools and appliances that is 100 percent environmentally friendly . Green gas is hard to find these days , but it shoots like a dream in my 1911 .
 So fast even came 2 days before , and exact the same product they talked about ! GREEN GAS !!!
 This gas can not be found around my area . I order off of Amazon.com and found that the gas many years ago and is the best type that I have used . I completely recommend the use of ` green gas ' it makes you weapon shoot well after continued use . This makes it an amazing product for this price .
 Disregard any negative feedback about how you do n't get what 's listed.Certain states and countries have laws that do n't allow aerosol imports , so they have to be labeled differently . I 'm sure they have the same content.I received two gas cans that was completely different from what you see in the photos , but the contents of the cans are exactly the same . Green gas with some oil mixed inside . -LRB- King Arms Airsoft Gas -RRB- Although it does take a while to get used to the exact angle of how to put this gas into your magazines , once you get it , there 's absolutely no spillage of the gas . I loaded my first 20 magazines with these , and only messed up on the first 4 . The rest was smooth.Not only that , but one good fill-up -LRB- about 3-5 seconds of injection -RRB- can last you at least 3 full magazines of a 26-round magazine.Despite filling up 20 magazines with some spillage at first , the can is only 1/4 empty.The price was a little high in my opinion , but it 's supply and demand . Definitely worth it .
 Exactly what I needed for a great price . Ordered 2 sets of 2 and got them . Will order from this vendor again .
 We use two of these on our sailboat . Light , stiff and well made . Great paddles !
 It is larger than I expected so I should have read the add better . Very easy to assemble and work perfectly .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 The jersey was received in just a few days and in perfect shape . The person who received it found the shirt to be a quality product .
 This fork is all black and I had to cut it down to fit but I knew this before I order it.Like most self built bicycle you have to cut some of the parts to fit well.Just take your time and do it right because you only get one cut if you cut it to short so do the math first then check before you cut and you will have a great front fork.The add on break tips are great too .
 As a die hard Pats fan , my mother loved it and has it hanging outside next to the mailbox and wants another one for the front door .
 This is well made ; colors are true for team colors ; bought for 10 yr old grandson & he loves it ; price was reasonable ; item shipped in timely manner ; great purchase !
 Absolutely great ! Bought this and two other teams . Print is great , quality to match and looks great on a wall !
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS ITEM AND THE TIMING FOR SHIPMENT WAS GREAT ! THEY CAME THROUGH ON THEIR WORD ! I WILL BE USING THIS CUSTOMER AGAIN !
 We previously purchased another sign but it was a different team so we pretty much knew what to expect . The quality was very good and the team colors are true to form . The sign is made from sturdy plastic . All in all , we are just as satisfied with this new purchase . It was bought to give as a gift and the recipient was quite happy with it .
 This went right up on my Son 's Door and completed the entire decor of the room . He is a huge fan and this was the perfect gift idea .
 Bought the sign for my son who is a Patriots fan and he loves it . Not made of weak material , sturdy . Great gift .
 just what i needed a straight up fan so i needed everything i could get my hands on relating to the patriots thanks
 Nice Stop Sign , my son loves it on his bedroom door ; however , the description says made of a type of plastic but mine was made of cardboard and even had a small nick on the front . Not a deal breaker but the description is not correct unless mine is the only one made of cardboard .
 This NE stop sign is just as shown . In case you missed this in the description it it made of plastic . Great for Garage , game room , or kids room !
 I will enjoy looking at photos of my newborn son in this frame ... and it looks and feels like it made with quality and care
 I gave these to two of my grandsons and they love them . They are well made , and have all the little bells and whistles . And the bags keep them very warm.Two comments :1 - The bag is described as being suitable for kids up to 4 ' 3 '' tall . I believe it is more realistic to say it is suitable up to 4 ' maximum.2-The zipper is not kid friendly . It can be difficult .
 We got this bag for my daughter -LRB- age 7 -RRB- to go to Girl Scout camp with , thinking ahead for future fall trips when the weather will be cooler.She loves the bag . It 's a great size for her and will last through middle school/high school . Wonderful quality . Cool color.The zippers work smoothly but are hard to start for a child -LRB- or adult -RRB- . Other than that we would easily buy another one for our son .
 I was having a very difficult time choosing a sleeping bag -LRB- well , finding one for that matter -RRB- for my 3 and 7 year old that was an actual quality bag for kids . I looked at the eureka grasshopper and the north face tigger but I kept coming back to this one because of reviews/price . We have not taken them out in the cold yet so I can not reply on there level of protection but I will say that the build quality is very good for the price . The kids have been playing in them for a couple weeks now in the house and have had no zipper issues like other reviews have mentioned and they seem to be holding up fine . I will update after a couple weekends in the woodsies .
 I searched for a long time trying to find a real kids sleeping bag that was rated in the single digets . This is the only one out there ! This kid sleeping bag is a real sleeping . It will keep your kids warm and they are very well built.Why was I looking for a sleeping bag that was rated in the single digets . Because sleeping bags are highly over temperature rated . A bag that is rated for say 0 degrees Fahrenheit to 10 degrees Fahrenheit is just right for 32 degrees Fahrenheit to 50 degrees Fahrenheit.The only con is the open is not round . so your kids face will be some what cover up .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 I was not only surprising pleased with the product I order more for both sons ... Love it and several friends have purchased their own ... I got tired of them wanting to use mine
 This is a very simple hanger with a chain that you wrap around the tree to hold your lantern . I like the length of the holder arm for those who use fuel powered lanterns . The cons are that this can be difficult to get back into the box because of the two spikes at the end of the unit , and because of those spikes you do n't want to just chuck this in loosely with the rest of your gear . It also takes two people to hang this up , unless you are hanging from a really skinny tree or have very long arms . Overall , I 'm very pleased and this was a great way to light up the entire campsite .
 Nice , simple solution for extending the reach of light from your lantern . Probably a must have to throw in your camping bin .
 My husband loved the pants . Received as expected and quickly . No complaints .
 Its price is reasonable . However , it does not help much for my bicycle chain to work properly . The chain is still dry . You have to apply this oil to your chain almost every week .
 very fun easy build . looks great just like it is out of the box , i liked the way this model looked without having to modify anything . i do suggest using gloves when applying the stickers , a little bit of heat from a hair dryer helps mold the small ones around emblems . very fun , very easy , very affordable . loved it
 It 's been awhile since building models as a kid , but I truly enjoyed the fun of snapping this kit together in a short while and not worrying about glue or paint .
 About 18 months ago my grandson expressed an interest in model airplanes . Grandpa quickly responded by ordering a couple of Revelle Snaptite planes since no glue or painting was required for my 5 year old Grandson . Building these is an excellent introduction to this hobby . I 'm not sure who had the most fun ! We have built just about every Revell Snaptite model airplane and the skies above in his bedroom are becoming full . We are waiting for Revell to announce more . This is our first car and it is a beauty ! We ca n't wait to see what Santa may bring next week !!
 I bought this as a gift for my grandson . He seemed very pleased and enjoyed putting it together . This is a great model for younger boys since there is no glue and no paint . There are quite a few parts and decals to assemble , but it snaps together so does n't require a lot of adult supervision or assistance .
 It 's important to know if it 's level 1 or 3 . I learned what it 's meaning when I bought this item , the car I bought next were level 3 , you paint the car and you use cement .
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 These sunglasses were a birthday gift for a friend . When they arrived I could n't help trying them on myself . They looked so good on me that I am thinking of getting another pair.As much as I liked them , I still gave them away as a birthday gift ;-RRB- . The friend I gave them to loved them , and they look great on him as well . The color is cool . I do n't know how else to describe it . I can say the fit is comfortable without having to worry about the sunglasses sliding off your face.Bolle Downdraft Sunglasses - Crystal Blue Fade - TNS Gun - 0794523075
 The guests at my wedding loved the compass as the favor . It turned out to be an unique idea
 This is a large back pack lots of room . As a field computer engineer , I carry way too much equipment . This backpack holds it all . There are a total of ten pockets that help organize my equipment . Of particular use is the file folder pocket that will hold full 8 1/2 x 11 paper.I have an IBM T43 that fits nicely in the laptop compartment . I have not tried the larger notebooks.Well built laptop with solid zippers .
 Pros
 Bag is well thought out . Main storage has a LOT of space and zipper opens main compartment wide . The file compartment works well for storing small and large documents . Pockets are lined with water resistant material that keep accidents from seeping into other parts of the bag . Very stylish as well !
 This is the second Ogio backpack I have purchased . I commute and travel frequently . I went from a briefcase/shoulder bag to a backpack about 4 years ago . My first Ogio took a lot of pounding before a zipper on the front pocket tore out . This is a similar but updated model . It offers ample space fro everything I need to carry with me -LRB- laptop , lunch box , books , iPod , power cords , etc. -RRB- . When it came time for a replacement , the choice was obvious .
 This backpack has been wonderful . I have owned it for almost a year now , and it is still holding up . No tears , no wear . It is very roomy , and I especially like the laptop pouch . It is nicely coushined and I feel safe hauling by computer around . I 'm so glad I purchased this item !
 I love the backpack ! It 's perfect for grad students ! I can hold all of my books plus journal articles in the divider compartment . Though one of the problems is that the backpack is n't very good for your neck ; I feel like it puts some pressure on your neck with the handle at the top of the straps . Also there is n't very much cushioning for your back .
 Best backpack I 've ever owned ! Plenty of useful pockets . If you 're not sure what to put in all those pockets , it even has little square hardware symbol logos sewn into the inside of each pocket ... and there 's a legend in the main compartment that explains each symbol . The handle is a big plus . It wears comfortably , and is made of water resistant material . The Mp3 pouch holds an external HD perfectly , though it 's weight makes the bag slouch , especially when the main compartment is open . The file pocket is great for keeping bills and other paperwork separate . Great design overall , my wife wanted it when I walked in with it on my shoulder ... I 'll have to get her the Metro by Ogio , she liked that one too . Very nice laptop backpack in every way .
 My husband wanted a counter to use when he walks laps at the gym to keep up with number of laps he walks . This was perfect . Very enexpensive , easy to use and not too big . Perfect .
 I do catering , helps a lot in counting how many people are really in an event . Yes , I can count but , sometimes , with people moving around , standing around , it 's kinda hard to keep track . But , with this device , kinda makes life easier .
 I have used this counter on a daily , routine basis for my own behavior-self-managemtent . I have far from `` maxxed '' the use/potential of this product , it is ruggedly constructed and could -- assuredly -- endure high-end applications , such as in counts/censuses of large crowds or in marketing-with-large-volume . For my use , though , this little gadget is a dream to use . For my target behaviors , this will count to 9999 -- and `` clears '' readily by `` roll-over '' of the dial-attached . Another item that makes this product A-OK is the finger-hold -- which means that there might be no cumbersome holding of the product while doing `` counts '' -- and I know that for behavior/event/object counts `` on the run '' this product would thus be `` a dream '' !! Patient/health-consumer self-management skills are said to be an evidence-based practice -- and my use is of that nature . This means that if/when the `` culture is grown '' for people measuring their own health-behaviors , the need for a modestly-priced , quite-able product like this will mushroom/burgeon .
 Very happy with product ! It is exactly what I was looking for . Order was processed in timely manner and arrived sooner than expected .
 Bought three for use at church . After months of use all still work , no problems with them . Definitely worth the money . Finger loop comes in handy .
 This counter is made of good quality and never misses a count . Resets easy and fits perfectly in hand . Look no further for any other hand tally counter .
 Needed counter for small catering business , works perfect after about 3 weeks of good use , never jams , works perfectly !
 the Accusplit works great and it 's a great price . Does everything I wanted it to do . Easy to use . Love it .
 I bought this to use for counting paces -LRB- steps -RRB- while working outside in the field . . and it works perfect for that!The casing is sturdy enough that I can hike around with it without feeling I am going to squeeze it apart ... thats a good thing!Being right handed , I naturally put this in my right hand ... but for counting tallies , it goes in the left hand ! -LRB- just a note for any left handers ... its not changeable ! -RRB- My counter numbers are not centered in the window ... it almost cuts the 1000ths digit off , but it is still perfect readable from an angle.Has worked great for me so far .
 Bought this as a lap counter for when I run indoors . Fits in your palm perfectly , works well in that aspect . Only complainant would be that it feels cheap in your hands , but its held up so far . Not bad for the price
 This thing works perfectly ... a very satisfying click noise with each tally , seems durable , easy to reset , etc. .
 I love using the tally counter when I 'm golfing . It 's easy to click without having to look at it . The only downside is that it 's a bit bulky and instead of holding it in your fingers -LRB- which you ca n't do while golfing -RRB- you have to have a hook so you can clip it to your pant or other part of your outfit .
 This tally counter is perfect for the job I need it for - I drive a school bus and our drivers use these to count students getting on and off their buses and they really fit our needs ! Thanks so much !
 The unit is just exactly what I wanted . It 's small and compact and does the job . Shipping was fast and cost was reasonable .
 This was a great buy for us . We needed counters for a fishing tournament and so I ordered these and they were here the same week . I was very pleased in the construction and have not had any problems . We ordered 5 for our use . Some of the cheaper ones are not metal , but plastic . I opted for this unit because of the metal construction and the reasonable price . I would definitely recommend this counter !
 I bought one of these to keep track of my exercise rep 's , that is until my wife borrowed it to use as a stitch counter for her knitting ... hmmmm ! , anyway , build quality is good , maybe slightly tinny , but given its price , it 's well worth putting up with ` good ' rather than ` exceptional ' build quality . A really good , well engineered click-counter can cost up to and over a hundred bucks . Sure , it would be nice if it were a fraction smaller too , but yet again - you pay your money and so you take your choice , and fwiw , the knitting stitch counter my wife uses cost three times as much and was n't / is n't half as good as this . Unless you need one professionally , one that 's going to be used day and night , this will more than suffice for most situations .
 This is exactly what I expected it to be . I use it when I knit to help me keep track of the rows and/or the repetitions .
 I bought this counter to help me keep track of knitting rows , patterns , etc. . It looked compact -- which it is -- and thought I would be able to hold it on a finger of my left hand while I knit . Unfortunately , it is too large and a bit too heavy to work as I had hoped . I think the original product description is accurate ; I just hoped to use the counter in a different way than how it was designed . The counter works very well and is sturdy . It will be excellent for other kinds of tallying .
 I ordered this tally counter after seeing that the same item would cost more than twice as much if I bought it in person at our local big box office supply store . It works great . Very smooth and reliable mechanically and it 's lightweight , too . Perfect for keeping count of the laps I walk at the walking track , which is what I bought it for . Good for any other counting purpose , too . It was sent very promptly by the supplier and I am thoroughly satisfied with this purchase .
 I purchased this counter to use when I 'm training for races . It helps me keep track of how many laps I 've run . It 's sturdy , easy to use and reset . Would recommend this for anyone who needs to count anything !
 Worked well for what I needed . Just something very simple and this was perfect .
 I received the product ordered very quickly and it was so easy to order . I had to order 4 of them one at a time due to my husband having his and others wanting to have one too . He needed his to count loaded logs on his truck . I could see exactly what was being ordered , price , time it would take to arrive , etc. . Needless to say it was exactly what was needed . Thank you .
 I baught this for my wife to do baby kick counting with and it works perfectly .
 This counter works really well . Is fits comfortably in either hand and clicks easily . Reseting is a snap . Great product .
 Simple piece of equipment , but appears well made . The finger loop is an excellent idea .
 A very good tally counter . Built to last for long . I 'm using this since 2 months DAILY -LRB- I 'm using this for chanting the Maha Mantra `` Hare Krsna Hare Krsna Krsna Krsna Hare Hare / Hare Rama Hare Rama Rama Rama Hare Hare '' when I 'm in car . -RRB- , no problems whatsoever so far .
 The ACCUSPLIT AL608 is a compact handheld tally counter . For those needing to count people or objects quickly , the tally counter is a very good device . Each press of the counter button provides good feedback -LRB- audible click -RRB- that the count had been made . A rotary dial provides easy reset capability . If you need something for surface mount -LRB- table top -RRB- counting , you will want to use another product .
 Simple , good weight . My only contention is that there is a rather audible click when pressed . My situation is best when quiet , if your in situations where noise is n't intrusive then this is an excellent little tool .
 This works exactly like I need it to . I currently use this to count my laps when I jog or count my push ups throughout the week . So far its been a flawless device that I use daily .
 My wife was complaining about trying to keep track of items she 's counting at work when people just walk up and start talking to her . I just nodded and went straight to Amazon.com , found this counter , and ordered it immediately . A few days later it came in , and my wife was suprised that I was even paying attention , let alone solved her dilema . The next day at work her co-workers were impressed , and they all wanted one too . So , hopefully they found this site and ordered themselves one too .
 I am 7 months pregnant and i purchased this product to count my baby movements . I am still working full-time and it is difficult to keep count while i am working but with the counter i can just hold it and click it everytime my baby moves . I was trying to keep track manually and once i started using this counter , i discovered i was way off ! I love this product !!
 it does the work right , i count 15,000 baGS daily after 3 months is still working .
 Would have posted 5-stars , BUT the instructions sucked . Had to call the 800 number to figure how to set everything.Also found out , I had to take it outside for 5-10 minutes so it could `` set itself '' . Seems my metal roof interfered with the signal ... One other thing , The `` inside temp '' is a couple of degrees lower that my other inside digital thermoter -LRB- which I know is correct -RRB- ...
 This is a great first aid kit to take with you everywhere . I have carried one of these around with me for over 15 years . Perfect for a back pack or any bag , It also has room to add additional items , I personally like to put triple antibiotic cream , Tylenol , and extra band aids in mine .
 Basic kit but you can squeeze other products into it as needed . Nice carry case and is small enough for bag/backpack/glovebox .
 This was the only stopwatch I could find with a count down timer function which I use for circuit training . It 's sturdy , simple to understand and easy to use . Not a lot of other fancy functions , but it 's sporty , does n't take a lot of time or understanding to reset and does n't get in the way .
 This product works as advertised . The base is large enough to keep it from tipping over when you depress the plunger . The display is easy to read . The price is reasonable , especially since this particular product qualified for free shipping . I did much research all over the Internet and looked at dozens of these devices . I bought this unit because of the combination of price , indistinguishable features from many other suppliers and Amazon as the retailer.P.S . I use this counter as part of our campaign to save electricity . When I switch off the power to our 400 CD carrousel , it looses track of the current CD slot . So , I keep track by using this tally counter instead . It may sound dumb , but this and many other initiatives have lowered our electric consumption by 30 percent . Seriously .
 OK , with any Columbia product I am quick to jump on it and see if I like it . A camp pillow ? Oooh , why certainly ! It will go great with the Columbia sleep bag I just got , so I toss it into my cart . Now at home , I find it has two -LRB- 2 -RRB- components , later to be -- three -LRB- 3 -RRB- components as I will explain.It comes with the pillow itself , white.A removable outter pillow case , blue.However the outter shell also has its own stuff sack sewn right into the pillow casing . I slept with it like that the first night and dont think i liked the fact that something was dangling from my pillow case out over the ledge of my cot.The next day I made more sense . I knew I was going to just cut it off . Like Lorena Bobbit . heh . The stuff sack is made of mesh nylon and zippers ! So when I want to wash the case , I would also be forced to wash the attached stuff sack . I 'll choose when to wash my sacks , thank you . So I cut in places underneath the seamline and the modification looks as if nothing happened.Voila ... 3 components . Why all this fuss for a pillow ? Buy it and you 'll see . It is actually perfect , I do love a pillow that compresses smaller than it was . Of course you can leave it attached ... . if you like sleeping with a nylon sack in your face , or if you think the sack will become lost inside your tent vortex . And yes , it has a great big bold Columbia logo on the outside sack , will be cool for traveling anywhere . Just hold onto your sacks !
 I just ca n't sleep without supporting my head/neck and this pillow is just the right height and width for tent sleeping ! I used it on a weeklong camping trip in the tent and it was amazingly comfortable . The attached bag is handy and was never a problem while sleeping . Being attached , the bag is impossible to get misplaced.When I first looked at it , it seemed small -LRB- too small -RRB- and I was n't sure it would do the job . I was surprised and very pleased that it did ! It looks like someone actually did some engineering when designing this product . I highly recommend this pillow .
 Easier than dragging my regular pillow around -- this is on the small side , but fits perfectly inside a mummy sleeping bag . The carrying bag is convenient -LRB- and I did like the other person here who cut it apart from the case -RRB- . It 's a bit stiffer than I usually like my pillows to be , but it still gave me two comfortable nights of sleep .
 For $ 10 this pillow is far superior to having to sleep on a rolled up T-shirt . For the price you can not go wrong .
 Camping or backpacking with a t-shirt or sweatshirt for a pillow can be total hell in the morning . This little investment saved me a lot of neck pain the last time I went backpacking . It was very lightweight and easy to pack .
 This product is great for backpackers it is small and has a convenient packing system . It is easy to carry and it has excellent comfort . For only ten bucks this pillow is worth it .
 i went to this from a Tru-Glo cheapy sight so the difference is amazing.the fiberoptic pin is very visible , but i highly recomend an LED attachement -LRB- tru-glo brand makes one thats `` universal '' and fits this sight -RRB- . the construction is all aluminum so it should be fairly robust . this thing is VERY adjustable . you can pretty much mess with the position and angle of every component . the reflective ring on the face of the sight is helpful for centering the sight if you use a rear peep . my last sight was just black so it was hard to work with in the evenings or early mornings.the only complaints i have are as follows
 This was a bday gift for one of my family members , who is of course a flyers fan . It got to him in good timing and he really liked it . So that makes me happy .
 The MRI hard tennis balls are good . We loved playing with them , they got the right amount of bounce and right amount of weight . Its good for fast bowling and slow spins . However the ball has no quality . We broke 3 balls in one day ! We used tape balls before but those have no bounce , so the MRI balls wins , its pretty pricy for 6 balls that dont last too long . Hope they would sell it cheaper if it tends to last only a few overs.As for shipper , excellent rating to them , they shipped in ground and i got it in 5 days .
 MRI cricket balls are nice and hard . They have excellent bounce and are great for nice pace bowling . There are issues : - the coating -LRB- the tennis finish -RRB- on them wears out really fast , and soon exposes a dark colored rubber interior -LRB- in abt 10 overs -RRB- . - These balls crack if hit hard for a few times -LRB- a typical onslaught for 10 overs , say -RRB-
 If you have worked on marine electrics , you have cut and stripped a wire to find that it had water intrusion which corroded the copper strands . It is impossible to solder and you would be irresponsible to attach a crimp connector to corroded wire , due to voltage drop and resistance heating.Every strand of Ancor wire is tin plated to reduce corrosion . It solders beautifully , bends easily , and has a rugged sheath . It is expensive , but cheaper than ripping out yards of corroded plain copper wire every couple of years .
 A must for any small boat wiring project . Order arrived promptly , product as described . Do n't mess around with anything but the real thing , Ancor marine grade tinned copper wiring , for any wiring project that will be exposed to the elements , vibration and pounding that it will see on your small boat , whether fresh water or salt .
 This was for a secondary bilge pump setup . Works well and sealed routed easily . Boat did n't sink and nobody died , so that was a bonus .
 For the DIYer this is a great buy . Quality wire for a reasonable price . Great for auto and boat projects . Get a repair manual and spool of wire and save big bucks .
 As described and seems to be doing the job -LRB- all of a couple of weeks so far -RRB- . A 4 for now until I see how well it holds up .
 Name brand -LRB- Anchor -RRB- wire is notoriously expensive in boat/marine stores . This was the best price I could find for this gauge wire .
 Purchased to wire up my boat with 12v lights and fittings . The tinned wire is found right throughout and well coated and good consistent electrical insulated cover . Works fine on my boat and happy with quality all round .
 I purchased this sleeping bag , not knowing exactly what I needed , but after noting a previous review , I decided to give it a try . At $ 10.00 off and free shipping , it was well worth the investment.I definitely recommend a self-inflating pad , or a pad of some sort as there is none in this unit at all . It is a nice piece of fleece with a zipper , and that 's about it . It feels very comfortable right out of the packaging and I enjoyed my first mid-60 degree night in it with no complaints . I did n't get cold , and it kept the moisture away , even though it was rather humid outside . I highly recommend it.I am 5 ' 10 , 220 lbs , and there was plenty of room left in the sleeping bag , making it ideal even for someone much taller and even heavier than me .
 I took this item on military duty with me in a hot climate zone and it worked out perfect ... though I would suggest supplementing the pillow with a standard so your neck does n't get cramped .
 This sleeping bag is perfect for warm weather and is ideal for hikers or campers who pack their equipment to the site . It 's lightweight and rolls up in such a way that the pillow is in the carrying bag with the sleeping bag . When rolled up , its dimensions are 11 '' x 9 '' x 7 '' , which is pretty small for a sleeping bag . I just figure that when it gets too cold for it alone , I 'll use my blanket with it .
 I used this sleeping bag recently for a camping trip in Connecticut . Do not use this if the weather is cold . It is perfect for hot weather because the lining is thin . The pillow was small , but perfect for my head . I suggest laying a thin foam beneath the sleeping bag for extra comfort .
 Comfy for what it is . Really good if you need something light to carry and you do n't need anything special . I personally like to invert the sleeping bag because of the areas where the zipper is stitched on tends to annoy me . There are two zippers -LRB- on either side of one another -RRB- so this is no issue . The tag also indicates that it should be washed in a front-loading washer or hand washed.As a response to the person who left a low rating
 This bag is perfect . Its light weight , very comfortable , and easy to care for . The bad would be comfortable enough for Florida in the early fall even . The pillow that comes with it is perfect , for a child . That is the only bad point .
 Great quality and excellent for single use or lining of another bag . We find that it suits our needs in Florida when camping in the winter . Packs in a small carrier bag . Good product !
 Most comfy , warmest , non-smelly , breathable layer I 've ever worn . I love it so much , I bought all under layers from Icebreaker . Now I 'm head to toe merino wool . I only wish I had a couple more in different colors so that I was n't obviously wearing the same thing every time I go out . !
 This is a multipurpose merino wool sweater which can be worn for any cold outdoor endeavor that requires protection from lower temperatures . It is a good looking piece that performs well . The thumb loops are particularly helpful in keeping hands warm when you forget your gloves or do n't need the full protection of gloves or if you need the dexterity of your fingers . When I purchased this item I mistakenly thought it was a base layer . This is really an insulating layer which can be worn as a middle layer under a shell or as an outer layer if not raining or not very cold . In addition , this top is very heavy as compared to synthetic mid layers of fleece or Patagonia capilene . So this is not the ideal mid layer to take with you on trips where weight is a consideration such as backpacking or cycle touring . I purchased a medium and found it too be oversized . If you are looking for a more form fitting appearance , go one size lower .
 Item was purchased for a family member who plays once a month with `` the girls '' and she was so pleased ! When she opened it up she was so excited she did n't even see her initials , so when she finally calmed down enough to see them - her first reaction was to say that she would be hosting the January through March of Poker Nights ! Very pleased.Also , the shipping was very nice . I had been concerned , but it was perfect.Quick turnaround , too.Highly recommend .
 Can I get 1 letter and then a numerical denomination?How many of each color do you get?Is it printed on both sides ?
 Nice upgrade to a non-marring roller for any 3 inch setup . However , bolt could have been slightly longer to allow free spin or side rollers .
 fits just right , all i added was a couple of washers . keeps the boat from banging on the metal u hanger . fantastic , now i wo n't grind my teeth going over bumps down the road .
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 We bought this pump because our 14 ' skiff has a slow steady leak . When we are out it takes in about 10 Gallons of water every 20 minutes . This pump does a great job for keeping the boat pumped out . We also used it to pump out a skiff which was sunk . We pumped and pumped probably close to a 1000 gallons . My only advise is do n't try to overpower it . The handle and shaft are plastic and when I get to agressive felt a little week . Still for the price we have already gotten our moneys worth and anticipate at least another year of good service from it . If I could make one improvement I would at a strong tab near the base to hold the pump down with my foot while pumping .
 Good product . Does what it is supposed to do . I used to drain the used bathwater out of my tub with it into 5 gallon buckets for use with washing machine . Good way to save water .
 I purchased this item to pump water out of my PWC ; tends to take on water when sitting in lake . Pump worked great . However , the hose had a very loose connection and it blew off into the water and SANK . Fortunately , the pump is tall enough to move water out of the bottom of the PWC and expel it into the foot wells . That is OK and I may not buy a new hose . If one relies on the hose , make sure you tape it to the pump before using or at least keep your hand on it .
 Works ok . I like it . It is a little hard to use but anyone can do it but much easier with 2 people ... One to hold the coil/tube and one to pump
 The only negative is the hose is a little on the short size . I had to extend it to cover the needed distance .
 I have only limited use for this item , but it worked well in that capacity . It seems to be well made , and it worked well in my limited application .
 The hand operated bilge pump is a great alternative to the unusable bucket for a PWC . If your electric bilge pumpgoes out you 'll know what I mean ... This is easy to store on the inside of the engine compartment ... use a bungee cord and use a tape measure to seewhich length you need . Wish more local boating shops carried this ... worth every penny .
 I bought this item to drain toilet tanks when replacing fill valves , etc. . It works very well and it 's really well made . It 's also bigger than I expected but it works great and will probably last forever . There 's a lot of uses for this product .
 This thing moves water ! It takes some elbow grease but it 's so much faster than an electric bilge pump .
 Works great - working on stowing it in my 10 ' kayak ... I think it 's doable .
 The long length of this pump made it very simple to pump out my bilge . Smooth action and well built .
 This pump sure moves a lot of water , and I bought the smallest size . I feel a lot safer in my kayak with it . Quality of pump is also very good . It wo n't fall apart on you during use .
 Pump develops a nice steady water flow with average pumping effort . Nice long barrel and hose , although not sure if you could extend outflow hose if you needed something longer . All in all , a solid pump at a good price .
 We live in a basement apartment on long island and we were worried about flooding in Hurricane Sandy so we got a shop vac to suck up water ... and then we lost power rendering the shop vac useless . So I looked around and got this . Our shower flooded like 2 weeks ago and we broke this out it sucked a lot of the water off the floor and was able to pump int into buckets and the toilet . Obviously did n't get it bone dry by we had like two inches of water on the floor when we started and it was kind of a life saver . easier then wringing out towel after towel . My only complaint is the the hose could have been a little longer .
 Use it to pump out 125 gal . duck pond . Works well except the hose is only 3 ft long . Used a shop vac hose that 's about 8 ft long . Other than that I 'm happy with it . Took about 45 minutes to drain pond . Good price and quality !
 Bought this to drain my patio fountain for the winter . Easty to use and very efficient at moving the water . Highly recommend !
 Plumbers and homeowners can make use of this handy little gadget in addition to is purpose on boats ! You can quite handily pump out a stopped up toilet down to the bottom of the bowl with one of these and a bucket . No , it 's not pleasant but it 's a heckuva lot ` user friendly ' than dipping in with your helper 's coffee mug ! -LRB- Ick ! -RRB-
 I use this bilge pump to empty my buckets of water in which I process my prospecting material . These small pumps really empty the water fast . I use to dump full buckets and they were heavy and would crack upon tilting to empty.So far I am very satified with my purchases through Amazon .
 I originally got this to get remaining water out of the swimming pool that does n't drain fully . We also have a small pool that fills with water after heavy rain and I can quickly empty it without tipping it over anymore . This hand pump really moves a great volume of water quickly . Just drop the end in the water and within a few strokes it 's fully primed and moving some serious water for a hand pump . I have found so many other uses since I bought it . I have a 50 + gallon fish tank and it is much easier to do partial or complete water changes with the help of the Seasense pump . I have tried syphoning , the fancy &#34; vacuum &#34; hoses , and scooping but the hand pump is the fastest and easiest way to move the water . + Easy Strokes + Self Priming + Easily disassembles to remove any debris + Pumps water surprisingly fast with each stroke and continues to flow via gravity if the discharge hose is lower + Long discharge hose -LRB- 24 &#34; X 72 &#34; Model -RRB- + Does not leak unless pulling too hard on the upstrokes , it will dribble from the top - The discharge hose is very stiff and it 's hard to get it to stay where I need the water to go sometimes since there are bends in it that I have not been able to straighten . _ Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend looking for a hand pump that is capable of functioning in a variety of applications . The size and shape allows it to be used for many different things . I really wish the hose was not so rigid , it actually annoys me quite a bit when the hose pops up and water flows onto the floor or wherever else I do not want it . It is an inconvienence but not a deal breaker . I 'm glad I bought it and you ca n't go wrong for the price .
 This is a fine low tech pump . The design is basic , it does what it should do and it does it well .
 I received my pump quickly and it was all I was looking for!Highly recommend the pump and seller .
 I am a graduate student studying crustaceans that live in ephemeral pools . I was skeptical at first when I bought this pump , as it is entirely made of plastic , and based on the photos alone it is hard to tell how sturdy it is . After having spent several evenings emptying 40-50 gallons of extremely muddy , silty water from 21 kid-pools , I can attest to its durability . Moreover , I have used it for the past two months , and have often forgotten to clean it after moving muddy water , yet it has never had an issue with becoming clogged . It does require effort to move water , but it is the best pump I have tried yet.During heavy pumping there is a tiny amount of leakage at the point where the hose attaches to the main pump body , however it is very light -LRB- tends to trickle down the body -RRB- , and can usually be stopped entirely by screwing the hose in a little tighter . The hose can be unscrewed for cleaning.If anyone has found a way to create a filter attachment that does not disturb the flow for the intake however , I would be interested to hear your ideas -LRB- simply to keep from pumping the > 5cm crustacans along with the water.The only critique I have is with the hose , it is difficult to attach the end of the hose to the inside lip of a container -LRB- so that the hose stays put during heavy pumping -RRB- . It would be helpful if there were a sleeve around the hose end with a ring in it , so that it can be tied down . Perhaps a very large cable-tie would work .
 And does a great job at sucking.It is a little larger than I expected , but I think that is why it works so well .
 Primes instantly and moves a lot of water on each stroke . I use it primarily when I 'm cleaning the hot tub . The drain leaves about 50 gallons of water in the tub . With the hose over the edge it takes less than 2 minutes to get the rest of the water out . I have a small electric pump , but this is quick and more convenient . Seems well made . I 'm happy .
 I selected this pump because of the positive reviews and it does work well . My problem is the size . I waffled at purchasing a 24 '' bilge pump for my kayak but this is one of the few that got positive reviews . The red tubular section of the pump is indeed 24 '' but the handle adds another 3.25 '' for a grand total of 27.25 '' . That 's just too much for me to store in my kayak when I was already concerned about storing 24 '' . It 's a good pump and perhaps it 's my misunderstanding that the length of the depressed handle is not included in the specified length of the pump . Oh well .
 I had a decent bilge pump before this -LRB- which probably cost more than this -RRB- but my wife decided it belonged with her garden stuff rather than in my raft , where it rightly belonged . So I purchased this with the idea of getting my pump back and replacing it with this one , which she could use in the garden . But when I got it , I quickly found that this was superior to my previous pump , so I kept it and she kept my old one . Great action on the pump , and it seriously pumps the gallons away quite effortlessly . If I lost mine , I 'd buy it again in a second .
 I was in the market for a efficient manual water pump to transfer collected rainwater from a 55gal drum to a adjacent 55gal drum which was then feeding a earth-flow hose to a plumbed potting bench that has a spigot/sink in my garden area 40 feet downhill . After trying and returning a few pathetic hand pumps -LRB- Ace hardware etc. . . -RRB- I saw this unit on Amazon . Got it today and it fits perfectly in the extra top port of the 55gal drum and the hose easily reached to the neighboring drum.Within 2-3 min of moderate pumping I was able to transfer about 40 gallons . I saw other reviews stating the horizontal attachment site from the pump to the outflow hose tends to leak a bit during use , and I solved this by wrapping the connection with some self-fusing tape -LRB- F4 Tape Self-fusing Silicone , Amazon -RRB- and not a drop escapes during transfer . The unit self-primes easily as stated and delivers an amazing volume of water per each pump cycle . -LRB- BTW check out that F4 tape , wonderful for many different fixes around the home & yard , beats electrical tape in that the ending seam becomes fused to the bottom layer , the only way to remove the seal is to cut the tape lengthwise with a razor blade and the tape falls off as one fused unit of silicone , this tape was developed during the Vietnam war to bind and insulate electrical wiring/cabling in Phantom jet fighters -RRB- You will spend $ 40 plus on other types of bilge pumps , so for $ 19 this unit is a great bargain .
 I bought this to be able to move water out of a deep pipe that was sunk to help move groundwater away from a tree that was dying from too much water . The pump is simple , fast and effective . I can see that it would be very helpful in any situation where you want to move a lot of water fast and easy . I bought one with the short hose on purpose as I pump into a bucket but it could easily be fitted with a longer hose for other purposes .
 This is a great & handy pump . I do not have a boat but manage an apartment complex and use this hand pump to empty out flooded water valve boxes so we can find the leak . It saves from using a cup or setting up an electris sump pump and it is quicker .
 This pump is very useful not just for boats great to to have around the house . Pumps the water all the way down . Good price too !
 Somehow I had the impression that the pump body was metal and was concerned about storing it in my dinghy exposed to the weather . However , when it arrived I discovered it was a heavy duty plastic -LRB- PVC ? -RRB- and so was pleasantly surprised - I much prefer the non-metal construction . It seems sturdy and it clears the dinghy of rain water in no time -LRB- less than a minute -RRB- . I do n't use the hose so I ca n't comment on the hose to pump connection , I just pump overboard directly out the top .
 I bought this hoodie sweatshirt for my teen-age son . It 's very well made and heavy yet soft . It 's a good thing because he wears it nearly every day . Really great buy .
 This is a heavy weight , very well made sweatshirt . I get lots of compliments when I wear this .
 I bought these for my husband . I was a little disappointed that they were just jammies with a patch sewn on but my husband loved them . He says he likes the subtlety of the patch .
 Awesome pants ! Very comfortable . A must have for any Steelers fan .
 Small little rug about the size of a door mat . Good colors and everything . Pretty much what I was expecting it to be .
 I use this rug as a decoration in my `` dolphins den '' it 's pretty good for what I use it for and a year later the color has not faded ... Now if only my Phins would make being a loyal fan rewarding ...
 I have been looking for a mens shoulder bag that is n't a huge back pack , yet bigger than most other shoulder bags for men . Then another thing I needed was a bag with LOTS of compartments to separate all the different things , instead of like most shoulder bags with just big pouches and good luck in organizing / finding anything quickly . I wanted a shoulder bag where I can organize my local maps & local transportation schedules -LRB- I like to experience the local way of life when visiting -RRB- . My cell phone , my HP iPaq , my iPod . My passport , hotel key , and digital camera . Anyways , you get the idea . To be able to organize for quick access was very important . Digging in a huge pocket with no compartments was not my idea of finding things fast . This , Eagle Creek Vagabond shoulder bags has met my needs for size and organizing . I have only recently received this bag and am very pleased so far . Now lets see if the material and the zipper hold up too . Considering my previous Eagle Creek purchases , with which I was very happy , I hope this new `` vagabond '' bag will last just as long and can take the same `` beating '' . : - -RRB- As a matter of fact , my family and friends liked my new Eagle Creek Vagabond bag so much , I am buying more of these bags for gifts , and others are buying some for themselves .
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 WHILE YOUR FLEECE PANTS HAVE 3-4 POCKETS , WHERE ARE THE FLIES ... EH ????? YOUR FLEECE PANTS ARE OUTFITTED WITH ELASTIC WAISTS , ELASTIC ANKLES , CARGO SACKS , STRIPES , CUFFS , TIESTRINGS , DOUBLE THIS , DOUBLE THAT BUT NO BUTTONED OR ZIPPERED FLIES ...
 They 're sweat pants . They have pockets , which is nice . They 're fairly long , which is also nice . No elastic around the ankles which is great . Also , they 're soft . So they 've got that going for them . The fabric appears to be of decent quality . All in all a decent product . I mean , they 're sweat pants , you know ?
 I was going to give this review three stars , however , I upped to four because I will take half the blame.I am a solid 33 '' at the waste . The sizing as described by Champion stated Medium = 32-34 '' . So I ordered a medium . Length was fine , however , width was way off . I need to exchange this now for a Large instead.PROS :1 . Nice material . Warm but not overbearing .2 . Very breathable.CONS :1 . White pockets ? I saw one reviewer disliked this . I am ambivalent.IN SUMMARY : I needed some comfortable pants to lounge around in during the day/weekends . These will do the job , but watch out for the sizing . I recommend .
 These sweat pants are quite warm and very comfortable . They are made a bit long but I have never found the extra length to be a real problem . I would recommend them highly .
 These pants are longer than expected . Since they 're an open , not elasticized , bottom , it 's pretty easy to cut them off and hem them up if the extra length really bothers you.Amazon displays this image for the product in some locations , such as on the `` create your review '' page :[ ... -RSB- That does n't display on the main page for the product , but it is more representative of the product 's fit and length - baggy and bunchy . Do n't expect that to go away when they shrink in the washer/dryer because they really do n't shrink much . Unless you think the waist will be uncomfortably tight , if that type of fit bothers you , order a size down.The above are not complaints , just something you should be aware of.The only complaint I do have is that , on first washing , bits of fuzz from the fleece lining of these pants came off all over the other clothes in that wash . The pants have been washed 3 times , now , and no longer make the wash fuzzy , but still the fleece fuzzes off on any socks worn with them . -LRB- White socks end up as kind of a disaster and the dark fuzz does n't all wash off the socks . -RRB- I 'm also still seeing a bits of fleece on the carpet , here and there . I 've never seen this happen with any other sweat pants.Fleece bunnies aside , these are soft , comfortable pants that I 'd call a medium weight , a decent value for the price . I would purchase them again .06 / 10/2009 UPDATE
 Very nice pants . Very comfortable but be ready to have some one hem them to length for you .
 These are fine , I just would like to disagree with the earlier comment about the sizing . I am a 33 as well , and based on the earlier comment I decided to go with the large rather than the medium . Well , that was probably a bad choice . They have an elastic waste band so it is not like they are falling down now , but they are very baggy - I could fit both legs in each pant leg , which is not what I am looking for and not what the picture shows . So your choice
 I bought xxl -LRB- fat guy -RRB- and am pleased with the quality , but the inseam is about 36 inch so I had to do some hemming .
 When I purchased the pans I did n't realise that they were 50/50 cotton/synthetic , but it is still a good item .
 Got exactly what I expected . Size was good and quality seems pretty good . Had a very difficult time finding this type of product in stores . Thanks .
 I bought this because I was freezing my buns off during the winter months after I moved from a warmer climate to a place where the temperature is 10 degrees colder at night . They do the job of keeping me warm at night when I lounge or when I sleep . These are pretty thick fleece material . It feels a little `` harder '' than cotton would -LRB- as opposed to softer -RRB- . The fit is tight but comfy , I would definitely not be jogging on these as it restricts movement too much because it 's not too stretchy . I 'm used to running with Soccer Warm-up pants made of a spandex/synthetic mix that keeps me warm , flexible and sweat free.As another reviewer mentioned these run quite long . I 'm an avg 29x30 -LRB- can never find pants on sale for my size as they disappear in 3 seconds -RRB- so I ordered the Small , and it feels like it is a European size 29x32 -LRB- European standard sizes always run tall ! -RRB- . Thankfully I just fold them up as I use it to lounge around and maybe step out to pick up mail.The pockets are a little weird because they are white inside and because they `` open '' up you can see the white pockets when looking from the side . But again , for lounging it 's not too shaby . This is definitely not made for a fashion statement -LRB- like my previously mentioned Adidas warm-ups -RRB- it 's just to stay decently warm .
 They make for great winter lounging . They wash well and the length shrinks a bit -LRB- thankfully since even after a half dozen washings , I still need to roll up the bottoms about an inch -RRB- . Warm , comfortable , easy to care for . What I wanted and what I got . Recommended .
 I do n't know how many pairs of pajama/lounge bottoms I bought for my husband over the years , just to have them shrink to ridiculously unwearable hobbit length after the very first laundry . Yes , he is 6 ' 3 , but even the tall sizes would shrink terribly . These sweats are perfect . They were great length at the beginning and they remained the same length after being washed and even dried in the dryer . They also wear well throughout the week and do n't sag in the knees like some other knit pants do . These sweats compare very favorably to , say , Land 's End sweats that go for $ 40 . A note on sizing - I almost ordered XL after reading the reviews and glad that I went with L. DH is a solid 36 , and L is a good -LRB- slightly roomy -RRB- fit .
 Hub is 6 ' 5 '' , 34 waist , 36 inseam . For his frame , he has a fairly small booty with long legs . We bought the Medium first and had to send them back . They were not long enough and , while they did make his bottom look good -LRB- IMO -RRB- , they were just too tight to workout in . We ended up with the Large and are happy with these as good workout pants .
 The fit is a little off , but it 's ridiculous what some sweatpants cost these days . The fabric feels great straight out of the package , and should get better with many washings . I like them , and will probably buy more .
 Before I purchased these pants I read all of the reviews , and one person advised that purchasing a size larger than you think you need is the best way to go , because they are a tighter fit than most workout pants . I respectfully disagree with that reviewer . If anything , I recommend purchasing a size smaller than you think you need . Otherwise a very well-made product which will clearly last for a long time . Worth the price .
 I bought these for my husband and he loves them . He has really long legs , and these are even too long for him . He has to roll up the bottoms , but that 's better than too short , I suppose , which is what he usually has to deal with.With the cold winter we 've had , these have been wonderful to slip on in the morning when he rolls out of bed to walk the dogs .
 Do n't let the cheaper brand fool you , these pants are extremely comfortable and are the only fleece pants I have found that are long enough . At 6 ' 6 '' 220 the XL pants actually hang down to the sole of my running shoes , I normally wear a 36/36 the waist is a bit loose but has a draw string . It 's about time someone thought about the tall guys .
 I purchased these sweatpants with the intention of using them for my workouts in the winter seeing as how the walk from the car to the gym 's front door is usually a bit chilly . I had these pants shipped to my office and as soon as I opened them and felt the inside I wanted to put them on and go to sleep . The inside is a very soft fleece material that is also very warm . The fit is spot on.I 'm 6 ft. 185lb with a 32-33 waist and the medium is perfect . As some other reviews said the crotch of these pants may be a little long but it does not bother me . I 've worn these around the house for a few days now and they are very comfortable . Today will be my first workout in them and hopefully they do n't make me feel like a lazy bum in the gym . * Update * Well I had my workout in these sweatpants and let 's say they did justice to their name.These are way too warm to be comfortable for a workout.My bottom half was sweating badly in these and I was not doing cardio and I 'm not even a heavy sweater.I still like these pants very much but they will not be used for anything other than lounging from now on .
 I am 6 ' 4 '' , 170 lbs ... so I 'm pretty tall and thin . Between Amazon and Zappos , I ordered probably ten different pairs of sweatpants looking for the brand and style that would be long enough , while still being a medium size waist . . I ended up keeping these because they are CHEAP , light , comfortable , and definitely long enough for my 34 '' inseam legs , but the medium size was n't too big in the waist.These pants are great for all-around , cheap , not-too-heavy sweatpants . Since they are n't too expensive , I 'll probably buy a couple more pairs.If you like these , check out L-R-G sweatpants on Zappos . They also are long enough for tall guys in a size medium , but they are more heavy weight , more for lounging . They 're a bit more expensive -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- , but they are worth it .
 The sweat pants are very warm and functional . The pants dry quickly and wick moisture very well . The pants are a good product for a good price .
 package arrived on time ... very soft , good quality feel . this is a gift , so do not have `` wear '' feedback . pleased with product .
 These are great comfortable pants at a really great price ! They are nice and long , which is one common struggle for tall people . They wash and wear well . I recommend them !
 I have had these pants for a while , and they are my favorite pair of pants in which to go running . They are so comfy !
 As you would expect , these are very comfortable - my husband 's new retirement pants ! Nice quality , and wash up well , but even though my husband is 6 ' 2 '' , they are very long on him . I guess that 's better than too short !
 These are heavy duty fleece pants , with no banding at the bottom , so they look more like pants . Nice for the price !
 I bought this pant for my Dad . It 's good quality . The only down side is it 's white pocket .
 I bought these for my husband who loves fleece pants during the winter . I thought it would be hard to top the ones I got him last year , but he loves these just as much ! He tells me that they 're very warm and he likes the length and loves that they do n't have an elastic cuff !
 These sweatpants are more comfortable and more durable than cheaper versions . The prices were actually very reasonable for the quality . My husband prefers medium to heavy weight sweatpants and after checking into more than I can count , these ended up being the pick of the crop .
 This Fleece Pants were a big success with the person who received them as a gift .
 Bought for my husband . He likes them in the winter . Very warm.Super product .
 I am about 5 ' 11 '' and have a 33 inch waist . I bought medium and they fit very well . I like the lack of elastic on the bottom and the pockets . They are nice sweatpants for the money . The opening on the bottom is n't large enough to go over my shoes well , I would prefer they did . I also bought the Soffe Men 's Classic , they have a larger opening on the bottom . If I buy anymore I will go with the Soffe .
 When I read that these were really long I knew they were for me . I have a 34 inch inseam so finding pants long enough is a bit of a problem . These were even long for me , so I just pinch roll them and that works great.For those who do n't know how to pinch roll , here are instructions - http://www.ehow.com/how_2001590_pinch-roll-jeans.html
 The fit and make of these sweats are perfect for what I was looking for to wear to yoga on cold days . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' with a 34 '' waist and 36 '' inseam and was encouraged to order them by the other reviews which said they ran long . I often find myself buying athletic pants that in the end I do n't wear because they are too short requiring that I `` sag '' them below my waist . I purchased these in a size Large and wearing them at my waist they come down underneath my heel . They fit loosely , but not baggy ; and while warm , they are not too thick and the moisture wicking prevents my legs from getting sweaty . The price being what it is , these are a tremendous bargain , and I plan to stock up with several more pairs .
 These pants are really great and perfect for wearing in my house when it 's cold . As the other reviews said , the legs are quite long and tend to wrap under my feet when i walk.This is not a problem at all when im wearing the pants in the house , since the extra length helps keep my feet warm.The long legs could be a problem when wearing the pants outside though since the legs would probably drag along the ground and cause tears in the fabric after a while .
 I bought a large pair for my fiance who 's 6 ' 4 '' with a 34 '' waist . Everything fits perfectly , but the sweats are still just a tad long . Nothing that one round in the dryer wo n't fix . If you 're looking for sweats that fit someone tall and skinny , these are it !
 My son is 6 ' 5 '' 190 lbs . and I can never find sweats or lounge pants that are long enough . I have found a couple in tall sizes that seemed long enough until I laundered them and they shrunk 1-2 inches . Not so with these quality sweats ! They are plenty long and they did n't shrink much -LRB- if any -RRB- at all . Based on the other reviews , I ordered a medium -LRB- his usual size -RRB- and a large . The medium was too small but Amazon was great with free return shipping . Yes , they are made very long in the crotch as well , but he 's only 16 and that 's how kids wear their pants these days -LRB- low on the waist with a saggy crotch -RRB- . Besides , who really cares just for a comfortable , casual sweatpant ? I could n't be happier with this purchase !
 for $ 13 , this is one of the best sweatpants i ever wear , true to size -LRB- im 28 at waist , order a small and fit perfectly . -RRB- just a little to long and saggy.i live in MN , the winter here is pretty cold , this sweatpants work really well -LRB- 10F -RRB- .4 stars because of white pocket and a little too long .
 These pants along with its top help keep me warm . I will buy from this merchant again i the future .
 It was great to be able to once again find just what I needed on Amazon ! These sweatpants are very high quality and at the best price I could find . Shipping was very fast !
 Overall these are great sweatpants , a lot higher quality than the $ 5 ones you 'll find at a wal-mart . The medium pants are a great fit for me -LRB- I wear a 31 or 32 in jeans -RRB- , but the legs are an inch or maybe two too long -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 0 '' tall and usually wear 30-32 length pant legs -RRB- . Very comfortable , could wear around the house all day , but I do n't think these would be the best choice to jog in below freezing temps as they are n't the absolute warmest and the length could definitely trip you up running unless you are very tall .
 These are what I was looking for fit and size . They are very comfortable and warm . We are having a slight chill on Haleakala , winter in Hawaii . Keeps my legs warm during our cold nights .
 I was looking for comfortable sweatpants and that is exactly what I got . They are perfect for exercise or just lounging around my apartment . I would definitely recommend them to anyone .
 These are very warm and comfortable sweatpants . The inside is soft , the fit is perfect , and were just what I was looking for . The ankles are n't overly floppy or too tight . I purchased these to wear at the gym this winter but found they were a little to hot to work out in . They are a bit deceiving because I have thicker sweatpants that are n't as warm as these . But even though I was hoping to workout in them , I 'm glad none-the-less to have them .
 These are great for `` bumming '' around the house during the winter . They do run long so be aware of that . No elastic on the cuff , which I like . Team them with the top and you 're set for warmth during the winter .
 While this is an excellent product , the size chart made me believe I should buy a XL and it was too big on the waist . So do n't buy big .
 This Pants are really awesome . Great quality and very good material . The color that I choose -LRB- black -RRB- is just like the image in the web . No more , no less . 100 % recomended !
 I got my item from this dealer very quickly and I was very satisfied with the condition .
 very soft and comfortable pants but they are a bit long , as the others have already said . I am 6 ' 2 '' and got a medium and they are still big . Other than that they are great .
 For my Husband the WAIST was True to Size . I WASH IT and it DID NOT CHANGED SIZE . I did had to shorten them and realize how WELL MADE these pair are . I will be buying more .
 The pants come exactly as they look in the model , sort of tight and nice , fleece on the inside , good quality .
 This Champion fleece sweatpants have a comfortable fitting while exercising at the gym or walks around the track . I choice this particular product due to the name `` brand '' from my past experience . I was n't disappointed in the quality of durability to say the least .
 These fleece pants are great . My husband needed pants that he could get down quickly , would keep him warm and were nice looking and good quality . These fit the bill . Thanks for a good product .
 these are well made , heavy sweatpants . excellent deal for under $ 15.00 . they run a bit long other than that they 're just right .
 I read the previous reviews about sizing , so I ordered the large size . Fits well , other than the length which I already knew would be too long and planned to modify -LRB- trimmed 4 '' and added an elastic band -RRB- . I 'm glad I bought several pairs when the price was several bucks cheaper .
 I bought these pants for my hubby and I ended up stealing them from him and wearing them all of time ! We both love them , really soft and comfy !! They 're the cool lookin sweatpants , not the dorky ones : -RRB-
 I 'm kinda tall for a girl -LRB- 5 ' 9ish -RRB- and usually when I buy sweatpants in women 's sizes , they 're barely long enough to graze the floor but after I wash and dry them , they shrink up to my ankles . Call me weird , but I ca n't stand that -- I have to have my lounge pants long ! So , I bought these and I absolutely LOVE them ! They 're comfy , do n't shrink up , and they keep me warm without burning me up . They are long in the waist since they 're guys , but it 's not too bad . A lot of girls wear guys lounge pants , so it 's really no big deal for them to be baggy in that area , ha!Overall , these are a great pair of sweatpants -- perfect for guys AND girls !
 These sweatpants are very nice . I like the open bottom , as opposed to the gathered leg openings of many sweatpants . These are much more modern-looking .
 this gun works well and the accesories are awesome . The only bad thing is that it only holds about 40 bb 's ... and it takes about 10 seconds to shoot them if you hold the trigger .
 This is probably one of the best electric guns I have ever used . Not only is it fast and accurate , it came loaded with extras and overall it was a great gun !
 the gun i bought was a M16 and i have to say this to any one who is ordering from this guyit is awsome i have been playing with it for 2 days now and i dont think i will ever get board of it and when i got it nothing was broke or missing have to say it was good price for what i paid for it
 My son who is 10 says `` The auto/semi/safe switch annoys me because it is so hard to switch and it has two safeties not one . Laser light battery did not last long . Also , the magazine only holds about 40 and on my friend 's gun it holds about 200 . The extra mag helps though . Other than that I think it is a great gun . ''
 what if i dont want to have to vertical grip on when i use it ? can i take it off ?
 i was just wondering if this gun came with a speed loader , i was thinking about getting it , and if it came with one , then i did n't need to get one ... thanks , oh , and i 'm stephen , not amy ...
 Great chips with a good feel to them although I ordered them with the initials DRV and people always think they spell DRU
 Bought these as a gift for my husband as a Christmas present . I do n't know anything about poker chips but my husband liked them and there have been no complaints from his poker buddies .
 I love these camp forks . They 're giant , which means you wo n't burn yourself when frying up a sausage over your bonfire . But this also makes them difficult to store . They do n't come with any kind of bag or sheath or anything.I almost went crazy looking online for `` skewer carry bags '' etc , and I finally found the Tripod Carry Bag made by Lodge Cast Iron . You can find it at Cabela 's . The 43.5 '' version of the bag fits six of these camp forks -LRB- more that six forks may not fit -RRB- . It fits so well that one might think it was made for these forks .
 I purchased this camp fork because I wanted a fork that would be long enough to cook without my kids ending up too close to the fire . I was pleased with the quality of the fork when it arrived . I was also impressed by how sturdy the metal stem is , it is firm and does n't wobble like other forks I purchased and used in the past . The one down fall is that it does not retract and thus remains at full length at all times . I feel like the fact that it does not retract is part of what gives it the stability it has so that was n't a drawback for me .
 This camo fork is awesome . I bought it and turned it into a snake hook . I dremmeled one side of the fork off and bent the other to form a hook . I then wrapped the handle in paracord . Now I have a snake hook for under $ 3 !
 Works great for marshmellows or hotdogs on a backyard fire . Great buy for a product we will get much use from . Easy to clean .
 This cable is the exact replacement that I was looking for . Bolted right up to steering wheel , nice to have normal steering again .
 Wow , I have had steering problems until the steering wheel broke . After installing the Teleflex cable , helm , and new steering wheel , I now have fingertip steering . Many thanks to Jim at Teleflex for his patience and advice . Thanks Amazon ! My Sea Ray feels like a new boat !
 Works great , back to the single finger steering again . It was easy to install just make sure you get the correct length .
 We have an older boat and the steering was really bad we tried everything thing that we could think of and in a last ditch effort bought this and now our boat steers great ! as i recall it did n't give us too much trouble during installation .
 Great price and recieved quickly . The Teleflex SSC13410 Back Mount Single Steering Rack Cable was a easy install and works great .
 I have one of these to clamp onto part of my bowsprit for when my boat lights quit working , which they frequently do . No one along the Tennessee river complained about me using this battery powered flashlight navigation light . However , I only used this light for one season . Work and health issues has dominated my time this year . I have a Herreshoff H-28 which has a hull of about 29 ' plus a bowsprit which extends another 3 feet beyond the bow .
 Our electrical on the boat blipped off one night while night fishing ... . I ordered this to keep on hand in the event that it ever happened again . This is a good light , and oddly enough , brighter than most lighting standard on boats . It is a great back up plan , but also for daily use . Its good to have around to save on battery power also .
 First let me say that I am a recreational weight lifter with about 8 years under my belt . I am not a hardcore bodybuilder or powerlifter . I am a 33 year old father of three who enjoys bodybuilding as a hobby . This does n't mean I do n't expect alot from my equipment , I just wanted to give you background first.The Pros :1 -RRB- Super value even with shipping compared to several peices . 2 -RRB- Everything works smoothly for a unit in this price range . 3 -RRB- You can do nearly everything with this machine with the obvious exceptions . 4 -RRB- You get 5 diff . cable attachments.The Cons :1 -RRB- The angle and proximity of the smith bar becomes annoying . 2 -RRB- The ergonomic hump in the bench is more limiting than comforting . 3 -RRB- The bench unit 's lower half does not adjust , so you slide on inclines . 4 -RRB- On declines the pads are not properly placed to hold you in position so you slide.Overall
 I workout alone at home -LRB- no spotters -RRB- , therefore i though of having the smith machine handy to go through some sticking points . However this machine can not handle the weight i use . I loaded the smith the first da at 325lbs and this looked so unstable , i thought it was going to break . but for smaller lift this is not a bad machine . The preacher attachment is well padded , the cable row is smooth . The bench that comes with the machine is very versatile too . Over all good machine -LRB- cheap and sturdy for standar lifts -RRB- . Above 300lbs starts feeling alittle shaky .
 The product was moderate to difficult to assemble . There are hundreds of pieces and the directions are n't the best.However , that is my ONLY complaint - it functions incredibly well . I love that everything is plate loaded . Everything is an appropriate size and well positioned on the machine . I recall looking at the picture online that I was n't sure if there were plates on the back of the cable system - there are not . It has a bar where standard round plates are loaded . You can use regular weights with the system or you can put on the adjustors for olympic sized weights.There are only 2-3 pieces which require an additional person to assemble . Try not to over-tighten the nuts and bolts because it will cause the metal around it to bend in slightly .
 I purchased 3 ropes as I have three girl scout patrols in our troop . We needed to learn to use them as part of our badge work . The directions provided games for us to use and the drawstring bags help us to keep them within reach since we play them a great deal . The girls LOVE them !
 Kids enjoy the chinese jump rope - only need to find 2 other friends to hold it while the 3rd jumps . The tie die pouch is practical and pretty .
 Great for the price . Two pivot points are designed into this lever - one long-pull for V brakes and one short-pull for all other brakes . The factory permanently engages the non-V short-pull pivot . A drill and a slightly ground-down nut and pan head or button head machine screw would replace the permanently-set pin .
 Appearance is quite good though is a little more glossy than I would like . The parking brake stud and spring stick out on the bottom quite a bit . The flip open clamp is handy . They seem more on the robust side than the light weight side , but not excessively so .
 Nice levers , work well and locks are great . Fit an finish are just like the HPVelo ones on the Gekko .
 I bought these for a gas powered cruiser bicycle project , and use the locking pin on the lever to keep the clutch disengaged so I can pedal the bicycle with the engine off.I am very satisfied with the quality and finish ! Would definitely buy again .
 I bought these because they were n't that much more expensive than the non-locking kind and I like the idea of being able to lock up the wheels so they can not turn -LRB- kind of like the emergency brake in a car -RRB- . They went on easily and tighten to the 22.2 mm handlebars with a single 5mm allen headed bolt -LRB- provided with each brake lever -RRB- . They appear to be designed to work with twist type gear shifters as they leave mounting room for the shifters.I am using them with standard brake cables on a Sturmey-Archer 70mm drum brake front hub and a Weinmann long reach side pull caliper in the rear.They provide an easy to access and easy to use adjustment point to compensate for brake cable aging and stretch -LRB- besides the adjustment point normally found on each brake -RRB- . They work well to stop the bike and lock up solidly when the locking buttons are engaged.The locking buttons are easy to engage and disengage.I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I 've installed at least 20 of these locking brake levers in the past two years and never had a complaint or an issue . They are dependable and easy to install and adjust . Good stuff .
 I was told not buy inexpensive park brakes for my tadpole trike by the bike shop because they will brake and fail -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- Yet , I have installed them one on each front wheel and I have never had a problem . They are easy to install and use and I consider them a must accessory for your trike -LRB- I am not sure if you need them on a bike -LSB- ? -RSB- -RRB- Go for it ! Save the different in cost and buy yourself a good rear light !
 The poker chips exceeded my expectations , however I think there needs to be more clarity on how to have them personalized as it is not an option anywhere when you purchase the chips . But dealing with the company was very easy and I got the issue resolved very quickly . I would definetly use this seller again if the need arises .
 I bought this item as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved it . everything was exactly as promised . Thanks .
 Great customer service ... I received it before Christmas and ordered it on the 19th ... I 'm impressed . Do n't forget to call or email the company with the initials you need on it ...
 I purchased 6 of these poker sets for the groomsmen in my upcoming wedding . All 6 arrived just as promised and arrived very quickly ! The set is much nicer than I had expected it to be . The price is also very reasonable as I shopped around before ordering . Thanks so much ! I 'm sure my groomsmen will love their personalized sets !
 I 'm in my early stages of pregnancy and running became very painful for me . My normal sport bra 's were not giving me the support I now needed . I went to a local running store and found the hind motion sensor bra . Now I have no discomfort while running . It 's great that I 'm finally able to get back to running again ! I 'm a 32DD and the 34D fits perfectly .
 I have used this filter setup for over 10 years -LRB- the same pump , but several filters -RRB- . Typically I used it to pump water from streams , but occasionally from pools of standing water -LRB- ponds , puddles -RRB- . I have never gotten Giardia , so the filter likely works , or perhaps all those water sources did not have Giardia in them to begin with -LRB- which is possible ; Giardia is not that common in remote places , but it is better to be safe than sorry -RRB- . This filter is significantly lighter than its high-end alternatives -LRB- PUR/Katadyn , MSR -RRB- , but those alternatives are not actually the same -LRB- they filter out more a lot more stuff -RRB- . My greatest concern about this filter is the potential for accidental cross-contamination . After the first use , one has to make sure that the filter -LRB- the cylinder -RRB- does not come into contact with the output tube , directly or indirectly -LRB- by touching something else , which then touches something else , which then touches the output tube -RRB- . This is pretty hard to do on a long trip . The `` alternatives '' have fewer pieces and so are somewhat easier to keep clean.Another issue is that it is very hard to use solo . While pumping with one hand -LRB- moving the top part of the pump up and down -RRB- , you need to keep the pump , the water bottle , and the end of the output tubing in place . Unfortunately , I have not been able to find adapters for this filter that would screw on top of a Nalgene bottle . In principle , the metal string can keep the output tubing in place , but then more of it comes into contact with the filtered water , increasing the chance of contamination . I have used this pump solo by holding the bottle with my feet , which was usually rather uncomfortable . With two people , this thing is very easy to use though . The cylinder also comes off from the pump very easily and thus has to kept pressed against the bottom of the pot from which you are pumping or of the stream -LRB- and streams do not often have smooth bottoms ... -RRB- . Some of the `` alternatives '' attach to Nalgene water bottles , making them much easier to use solo .
 Our family has been using this model filter for years for backpack trips , it does a great job and it 's easy to use . The filter will last several seasons if you start with the cleanest water possible and take proper care of it , and replacements are inexpensive . Flow capacity is better than most due to the large filter surface area , and it 's also lighter weight than the fancy ones.A good friend that I camp with bought an upscale brand purifier for $ 99 that certainly looks cool -LRB- and came with a fancy carrying bag -RRB- ; but often we can not get it to pump at an acceptable rate , and it has an annoying habit of squirting you in the face when you try and pump too quickly . It also costs close to $ 50 to replace the filter cartridge.The bottom line is that this Coghlan 's pump filter will do the same thing as the $ 80-100 models - except make you look like a model in an REI catalog .
 I have used one of these for many years and it works very well . It has provided the camp with water on numerous trips it even makes mud puddle water drinkable .
 Used this item on a recent hiking trip , we camped by a running creek with clear water and relied on this item for our water supply . We did n't get sick , so Id say it worked well ;-RRB- The unit is very cheaply built but at this price point that is n't even an issue . I bought this because at the time I did n't want to spend 80 bucks on a different water filter.I would n't recommend using this item in standing water or a questionable water source unless you added iodine or bleach after filtering , but in a clean running supply this unit works well .
 I love this style of water filter for backpacking trips . We filter the water right out of the creeks and springs . It is the cheapest and the best ! I 'm not sure why they do n't sell them at the store anymore ... QUESTION -- Why do n't they sell these at the store anymore ?
 I backpack in the North Cascades and carry the lightest products on the market . This water filter is just that .
 Filters to 2.0 microns which gets most organisms and cysts . Best if used in clear stream water relatively clean . Always consider some form of purification also . Cloudy water and the like should be filtered to .2 micron then purified .
 works like a dream ! Would n't go camping without one . There is n't much else for me to say about this product .
 how much sense does it make that the replacement filter is more expensive than the complete filter kit ??? i 've been looking for something to use in conjunction with my steripen and this seems to work well . Its lightweight and the replacement filters are at least half the cost as more expensive models ... All in all a decent product but only if you are going to either treat your water chemically or with UV light ... if you are going to only filter your water buy something with a smaller sized particulate filter . You dont want to be getting sick in the middle of a hike or camp trip . : - -RRB-
 We took this filter on a 7 day pack trip and it worked great . No problems at all . The water tasted wonderful as well but not sure if that 's from the filter or the high mountain stream we got the water from . But no one got sick and we drank a lot of water . The other filters were very expensive and this one was much cheaper which made me a little nervous , but for no reason . Buy with confidence .
 Went camping with 5 friends at Cranberry Lake ADK mountains and brought this along for drinking water . Could n't have been more satisfied . No fuss , no lengthy instructions to read ... just connect supplied parts and begin to pump . Great buy for $ 25 ... light weight , durable , simple design and works great !!
 Advertized to filter to 2.0 micron . Good enough in a pinch . Filters most harmful organisms . Good value compared to some as much as 250 bucks , although they filter to .2 microns . Water still could use some form of purification in either case for complete assurance . Would reccomend this filter system .
 Great products . I have never had any problems with illness from this filter . Replacement water filter and filter pump.Thanks
 Good product , work very well , I use with my air bed and was effective that is a great product , working in a lot of surface .
 This is a extremely comfortable mat , i just used it on a hiking trip and a buddy of mine had a self-inflating mat . There was almost no comparison , the Big Agnes was much more comfortable , packed half the size of his -LRB- half the size of a 2L soda bottle -RRB- and seemed to be made of a much more durable rubber . The only down side to this mat is blowing it up , but i was aware of that and honestly its not to bad . It takes you less then 5 minutes and for most people when your out in the middle of the woods you usual have plenty of time to kill . It 's definitely a great buy , i would buy it again if I had to . Be aware that inflated it looks like a swimming pool raft but looks can be deceiving .
 I find this to be the perfect compromise between space and weight savings and comfort . Thicker than self-inflating pads yet still insulated and fits into the space of a naglene bottle . Will cost you 6oz or so for a long over what a foam pad would be , but what a small price for real comfort!One negative
 I wanted to write a review as I have had this now for over a year now . I have used it about 20 times . Overall , I do like the pad - it sure beats a firm cheap pad . A few things about it . It does take a while to blow up -LRB- about 3 minutes or so -RRB- , but its not a big deal . It is comfortable to lay on . It is a little noisy - the plastic definitely makes some noise - others sleeping near you may get mad at you . It is a little slippery - to combat this bring shelf liner - soft rubber stuff that you would rest dishes on in the cabinet -LRB- can get it at dollar stores -RRB- and cut a few strips for areas that your body will make contact -LRB- head , shoulder , butt -RRB- and you will not slip at all - I 've done this for the past 10 times I have used it and have not slipped at all -LRB- before I did that , I slipped off every time -RRB- . It packs up really light -LRB- I have the 78 in . long one and it is still very light - about a pound or so -RRB- . Packs small . Prolly my biggest gripe is packing it up after use - getting all of the air out - takes prolly 5 to 10 minutes to wrap it up.Overall , I recommend it !
 I just recently got back from Horn Hunting in North East Wyoming . This product is perfect for backpacking . Lightweight and folds up small . If you 've ever camped in cold weather you know how important it is to sleep off of the cold ground . This along with a good mummy bag will keep you warm .
 I weigh 250 lbs and I have slept on my extra long pad 100 times with no issues . The mat is utterly comfortable . Whether you are on a rock ledge or in a meadow , it just wo n't make a difference , you will sleep like a king on this Big Agnes inflating mattress . I love mine .
 I 've used this pad several times for backpacking and tailgate camping , and I have to say they are just great ! I 've camped and backpacked all my life and I 've never been as comfortable as I have been on this pad . I have of course used `` another famous national brand '' -LRB- you know who I 'm talking about -RRB- , and they do n't even compare.This pad is very light and very compact -LRB- the Nalgene comparison is spot on -RRB- , making it ideal for backpacking . Yeah , it takes a little breath to get it blown up , but c'mon , if you just hiked up a mountain , I think you can handle it , it 's not that hard . Besides that , you do n't want to fill it up full because then it becomes `` bouncy '' . In fact , I 've bounced right off mine before!As for durability , there 's no question this thing will last if you take a little care of it . I 'm north of 250 lbs and I 'm not at all afraid of popping it . Just make sure there 's nothing sharp in or under your tent and you should be fine . If you do end up getting a puncture , it comes with a small patch kit.Bottom line
 the most comfortable pad i 've slept on , unless you slip off it . It is very slippery combined with a slick tent and sleeping bag it 's hard to stay on it sometimes , especially if you are on any incline .
 I have used this many times and its Sooo Comfortable . Plus if there is a lake you can have more fun . We had a flood in the tent and everyone else was soaked , me dry and snoring.update
 I went out and used this on a cold night with boy scouts , and was satisfied . I could easily blow it up in < 5 minutes . It was comfortable to sleep on , did not lose air , and even though it was only rated to 35 degrees -LRB- it was colder than this during the night -RRB- , it kept me warm enough . The material seems rugged enough , yet light . It does come with a convenient pack sack with a hidden interior pouch for the repair kit that comes with it . I was pleased with this , but it is also good to note that the manufacturer did not recommend storing it in this bag . They recommended that you leave it unfolded/unpacked , which bothered me . It is rather inconvenient to store something this size unfolded . Durability/longevity is important to me , and I can not vouch for that , as I have only used it once , but I expect good things . Overall , a good value for the money compared to what else is out there .
 I love this air mattress . It 's so much smaller than a rolled up foam mat or self inflating pad , and so much more comfortable . I did n't have a problem with my sleeping bag sliding off it , but I could see how some sleeping bags might . It is a little colder than I thought it would be . I think the air inside the mattress moves and takes away some of the heat you might save with a regular pad , but probably a nice reflector blanket or something like that may make up for that . It 's probably very nice in the summer in that respect.One nit picky detail ; the valve is nice and quality , but I would like it if it opened farther . It takes longer than it should have to to get all the air out . It does n't take too long to blow up by mouth .
 I bought this last year before scout camp and it did not deflate at all over an entire week . It rolls up easily and fits nicely in its small pouch . I have taken it backpacking since it stores so compactly . I liked it so much that I bought another one this year for my wife . I recommended it to my brother who also loves it and takes it backpacking .
 I purchased one for some backpacking trips . I found it to be super comfortable but a total pain to inflate . It takes a few minutes of good breaths to inflate it well . I also had an issue of getting a slow leak , but that may be due to the terrain I was on . Definitely was a bummer waking up on the ground though . Packs small and light , I find it easier to carry than a foam mat , definitely worth it for the comfort too.Would recommend , definitely be careful on placement and be prepared to take some time to inflate it .
 I bought three of these for me and my two kids . You have to sleep in shelters in the Smokies , so my normal self inflating pad under my hammock was not going to work this time . I slept great both nights using this pad . My kids also reported that they slept well on theirs . The only thing I would like to see is a litter bit wider pad . It takes some time to totally deflate the pad to pack it the next morning . I 'm sure I will improve with practice . Over all , I am very satisfyed with this purchase .
 Excellent pad , sure it takes a bit of time to blow up but so what , I 'll trade that for a comfortable night on the ground . Only problem is I should have bought another one for my son . I love that it packs up small and light .
 This is a long pad . Make sure you understand the length before you purchase . The first one delivered did n't hold air so be sure to test it out before you need it . Packs very small and is light . I use this inside a Hennessy Hammock for insulation and it works fine . As with most air pads keep away from sharp thorns and such since the materials are n't rugged enough for any sort of damage at all .
 we went on a trip with several of the thinner self inflating type of mats and one of these which were were skeptical of . In the end everyone wished they had this kind . Much more comfortable than the thinner self inflaters , and also packs much smaller -- but same weight.There are some negatives of course : * You have to blow it up . Pretty trivial though . * If you get a leak , you have zero pad . It comes with a patch kit but who knows if it would work ? They are so small I 'd recommend just taking a spare . * Noisy . I think some of the insulated versions are quieter but they cost a lot more . This plastic makes lots of scratching squeaking sounds when you move on it . * Wish a wider but not longer version was offered . This is true of all pads I looked at , not just Big Agnes .
 Great product . Very light weight , durable and small so fits in my suitcase easily . I used it on a service trip and am so glad I took it along . Only downside is a few minutes to physically blow it up but the light weight and compact size are worth that tradeoff .
 My son and I have used the same regular sized Big Agnes pads on 7 backpacking trips and 5 regular camping trips so far , in the high country of Colorado and Wyoming . Altogether this accounts for 26 separate nights of extremely comfortable use . I actually sleep just as well on this as my own bed at home . I have been camping and backpacking for over 40 years and have tried just about every kind of pad , mattress , and contraption known , to try to sleep comfortably . This is by far the best in the comfort department . Also , no issues so far with them failing to hold air . I would recommend these mats to anyone who is serious about getting a good nights rest in the wilderness !
 I bought this air mattress for a `` bucket list '' trip to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area just outside Ely , Minn. . I 'll turn 60 in 6 weeks and could n't have survived this trip without a good cushion to sleep on . Big Agnes provided it . No problems with air loss at all.As others mentioned , it 's surface is a little slippery but I really did n't have any problems staying on it . Several reviews mention it takes a while to inflate . It inflated in under 3 minutes which to me was just fine . It packs small and light and comes with a patch kit in the flap of the case . -LRB- I did n't need it , but nice touch -RRB- . I 'm 6 - 0 tall and bought the 78 '' size . That length was very comfortable . I was concerned about it being too narrow at first but that really was n't an issue . I weigh 185 and it provided all the support I could have asked for.I 'm very pleased with this air mattress and would highly recommend it .
 This pad is great for side sleepers -LRB- like myself -RRB- . It distributes weight evenly so that digging your hip into the mattress will not cause you to touch the ground . Inflation is easy but time consuming compared to a foam pad . 4 minutes of blowing into the pad will inflate it to a comfortable level . I slet on this pad for a 4 days straight without any issues . I use this pad/mattress for camping and it 's the best I have ever owned .
 An extremely comfortable sleeping pad . Impressed by the quality and size . You 'll love it . Packs down small . Ca n't imagine camping without one !
 The mattress has plenty of depth to protect against small rocks and sticks on the ground and provide insulation from the cold . Very little movement when rolling over .
 This mattress was a perfect solution for my daughter to keep in her dorm room for visitors . It packs up into a tiny package but is surprisingly comfortable when inflated . It took just a short time to inflate-we just blow it up ; no need for a pump .
 I recently went on a pack trip into the mountains , and my family started worrying ahead of time about my back . I did some research on sleeping pads and decided that a pad by itself would not be enough to cushion my middle aged bones . I read the reviews on the Big Agnes inflatable mattresses , and they looked like they might be the answer to my problem.The package arrived in a nice , tidy bundle that packed easily . When we got to our base camp , I inflated the mattress and set up my `` bed . '' To my amazement , I slept like a baby every night ! Big Agnes never lost any air and kept me off the cold ground -LRB- 28 degrees -RRB- . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the mattress is a tad narrow . I learned not to roll over in my sleep so I would not roll off the mattress . I got the 78 '' length and found that it was easier to stretch out with the longer length . It was an excellent investment .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . It 's very light and packs very small but sacrifices no comfort for that . It inflates quickly , and it 's easy to adjust the firmness . I 'm 5 ' 10 '' , and it 's plenty of length -LRB- and width -RRB- for me . Great purchase .
 Comfortable and light , worked as promised . Would recommend to anyone looking for a light backpack air pad . That is all
 I own a grand total of six Big Agnes Air Core pads of various shapes . I also bought one for my brother . We use our pads for car camping and summer backpacking . They 're relatively lightweight and pack down well . They 're also easy to inflate and appear to be about as durable as any other similar product I 've tried . All backpacking equipment is a compromise between price , weight , and durability , and these pads are a good compromise .
 I got this one for my wife . She loves it . Compresses down small , and its pretty lite . I have the insulated version , I love mine too .
 i 'm tall and this fits perfectly for me ! i highly recommend this for tents/camping . plus the material is sturdy and tough - cant wait to go camping again !!!
 This was easy to inflate and easy to deflate and pack up . It packs up into a small package and is light weight . I ca n't comment on the comfort because it was too short for the intended user and is on its way back for a longer one .
 I have not taken it out yet , but inflating at home it seemed comfortable . Very lite . Fits in my packs sleeping bag compartment with bag . May upgrade to 5 star after use on trail .
 packs into a small package and very comfortable to sleep on . Only down side is you have to hyperventilate to blow it up . But not nearly as bad as the larger versions which i also own .
 I bravely decided to face the test of Philmont Scout Ranch with my son . 10 days/nights in the harsh elements and elevation of the Rocky Mountains . This pad was a real life saver for me . After miles of hiking I slept well on the pad . Inflation was not difficult even at 12000 feet and on cold nights it gets you off the ground . It survived the whole trek without a problem . Try not to sleep on a hill because it is slippery with your sleeping bag . Overall this is a great product .
 Very durable mattress for the serious hiker . This 20 '' wide mattress when inflated is more like 16 '' . Being 55 , this mattress gave me very comfortable sleep on hard ground . Thanks
 I liked the Big Agnes air core pad . For comfort , it is great . Used it in 30 degree night , and was still pretty cold , but way better than my former sleeping pad .
 I took this pad on a overnight bike trip and have never slept as well as I did on the Big Agnes Sleeping Pad . It was easy to inflate and deflate and packed up small enough to fit in my small commuter saddle bag along with plenty of other gear .
 I bought this product to clean up my old road bike , and I was amazed by how well this stuff works . Not only did I save the mess of a spray degreaser , but it cut through old road grime much better than I expected , and it cleaned up small areas of rust effectively . It wipes off easily and leaves very little residue . I definitely recommend this product , and I 'm sure it has many applications outside of bike work .
 This cleaned way better than any spray I 've used . In the past I used a whole can of quick degreaser and it did n't do half as good a job as a couple of drops of this stuff .
 This citrus degreaser is amazing ! I remember dreading cleaning my chain because of the chemical stink of degreaser years ago . Pedro 's changes all that , it smells great . I do n't really look forward to cleaning my chain , but I do n't dread it now . Just fill theFinish Line Shop Quality Bicycle Chain Cleanerto the line and back pedal about 20 times . My chain was pretty dirty , so I emptied out the dirty cleaner and repeated the process a second time to be sure . And everything looked great after that .
 Make your drivetrain happy again!Obviously great for bikes , but the citric acid is handy for lots of other household cleaning tasks as well .
 This degreaser works great , and it has a nice smell to boot . I did n't need very much to clean up my bike chain . I also used the degreaser to clean up a friend 's chain that was rusty and gross , and it did a pretty good job . It wipes up really easily . Highly recommended !
 Was looking for a good degreaser to clean bike chain and this more than gets the job done . Would recommend this product in conjunction with park tool cm-5 chain cleaner . works great !
 I made the mistake of having the lid a little loose , and it leaked all over . Do n't do that . Overall good product , degreases bike chains like a boss .
 It worked like a charm on my road bike . Cleaned chain and removed grease spots on frame with relative ease . I highly recommend this product to anyone else .
 A clean chain is so nice to have , and this degreaser does the job really well . I use it with a chain cleaning tool and after a couple dozen cranks through the tool with this solution the chain is restored to an impressively clean state.Cleanup with this degreaser is pretty easy , does n't feel like there 's a lot of grease to deal with when emptying the pan and cleaning up the work sink . Perhaps even a bit psychological because the citrus smell is so refreshing and clean smelling .
 This cable is the exact replacement that I was looking for . Bolted right up to steering wheel , nice to have normal steering again .
 Wow , I have had steering problems until the steering wheel broke . After installing the Teleflex cable , helm , and new steering wheel , I now have fingertip steering . Many thanks to Jim at Teleflex for his patience and advice . Thanks Amazon ! My Sea Ray feels like a new boat !
 Works great , back to the single finger steering again . It was easy to install just make sure you get the correct length .
 We have an older boat and the steering was really bad we tried everything thing that we could think of and in a last ditch effort bought this and now our boat steers great ! as i recall it did n't give us too much trouble during installation .
 Great price and recieved quickly . The Teleflex SSC13410 Back Mount Single Steering Rack Cable was a easy install and works great .
 i love this hoody . the piping gives it a little point of difference from the standard adidas trefoil hoodies , but it still has that ` old skool ' kinda thing.gotta say though , that this hoody is brown just as it appears in the picture - perhaps that is what ` turf grey ' means ?
 It 's the first time that I see this style , and I loved it . As usual , I got it fast.Highly recommended !!
 Great for an emergency backup light . The only problem is if it 's stored in exstream heat the candle will deform .
 i realy like this lantern . it gets very hot so be careful . i would definitely buy it again . it gives off adequate light for a tent or inside a car .
 My 7 year old LOVES these pennants ! They are perfect for his small hands . Each morning he gets online to check the scores from the previous day . He rearranges his pennants based on who plays who , rankings , etc. .
 Used these to decorate my ons room , instead of crown molding , looks really great , good quality . And he loves them .
 The arrival of these pennants were just what we were looking for to complete my son 's new room . They are great for decorating and have vibrant colors and good graphics . For the price , they could not have been better !
 My son loves baseball , so we purchased these for him . We use a felt board to stick them on and then he can move them around and play with them .
 I ordered these pennants for a baseball event I was doing . As an event planner I always encourage my clients to order from Amazon and take advantage of free shipping whenever possible . The items arrived quickly and in excellent condition . They were exactly as described on the site . The cost was a great price for the quality and amount of product . They were a big hit at the event -LRB- we used them for part of the centerpieces -RRB- and everyone wanted to take home their favorite team !!! I would definetly order from this supplier again !!!
 I bought this as decor for my son 's room & it looks great !! I was wondering how to hang them when I ordered , but what the description does not state , is that there are slots at the top of the pennants to run a string through . Very pleased !!
 MLB fans here & when we saw this product upon its delivery we were happy ! Definitely a must for all you fans !
 This was an excellent purchase . I was very pleased with the quality of the product and was well worth the purchase.Thanks-Michael
 I got these for my son and they did not disappoint . I wish I had them around the ceiling of my room as a kid .
 My son who plays college baseball asked for these for Christmas to hang up all over his dorm room . He loves them . They are very good quality , and make a great gift for those who love baseball .
 nice and good quality especially for the pricethe corners do fringe a little
 THE KIDS LOVE THE NEW VALENCE I CREATED WITH THESE ADORABLE PENANTS.GOOD VENDOR -- NO PROBLEMS !
 The pennant set has been a wonderful addition to my apartment . Very impressed !
 The TaylorMade Monaco bag that I received was in excellent/brand new condition and I received it in a very timely manner ! I would shop with this seller again !
 This was a very cute gift ! Appropriate for children , specially for the Packers fans ! Totally worth the purchase . I recommend this product .
 I am commenting on a related product
 My husband is a Pool Operator and his watches were not holding up to the every day use . This seems to be a good , durable watch . My husband likes the large face plus the numbers light up in the dark .
 I like this watch . It appears to be well built . I wear it in the water and it holds up well . It is a little bigger than I anticipated , but not to big .
 Hamiltons have always been great . The halter is of good materials , attractive , and well built . However , the color was not as advertised and the blue was much duller and a little darker than the one in the picture . Please try to accurately represent your products in the future ! Beware , you have no idea what color you will get.Either way , love it .
 Awesome fit ! Finally found a halter that fits great . My horses are now comfortable . With no nose or chin rubbing .
 My stallion has big jaws and a little nose and this is adjustable enough to work for him . This is the only brand I can buy for him .
 This halter is wonderful ! The color is bright , halter is thick , sturdy and durable . Easy to adjust the nose band and the clip makes it easy to put on the horse and take off .
 I 'm from Argentina and purchased this halter because I ca n't get Draft horse size products in my country -LRB- the biggest ones here run too small -RRB- . The quality just amazes me ! Very stylish for my grey Percheron horses solid build and happy to see it has a loose fit even on the largest heads . Years ago a bought a Hamilton harness for my Husky . Hamilton will never let you down , It 's worth every cent you pay !!!!!
 Real quality halter with two adjustments and brass fittings - They last a long time and look good on my girls-Dennis
 Great halter , well made and fits well , thanks Was received a day early . I expect years of service from this halter
 This item came exactly as described and in excellent condition . I was kept informed throughout , and received it much sooner than expected . I would definitely do business with them again .
 Magazine is good and heavy , silencer is kinda useless , it just falls off . but its nothing a bit of duct tape cant solve .
 My Steiner Rallye 10X50 Binocular is a solid , light weight instrument that has excellent optics and an easy to use Sports Auto Focus . Just set it and everything from 20 meters to infinity is in focus . It is not good for close up bird watching , because there you need a quick center focuser to follow the fast moving birds . This also holds true for the Steiner Safari 8X30 binocular I bought a few months ago , which is small , very light , and also has excellent optics and Sports Auto Focus . They are both great binoculars which I use often .
 This is a solid product . My first pair of steiner binos and I am a customer for life ! These binos are comparable to what you would normally pay $ 900.00 + for . Best pair of binos I have ever owned . The only complaint I have if there was one is that there is no case for these . You do n't really need a case but it would be nice to have one for storage . Very happy with my purchase , great value !
 These are awsome and came in quicly , I have had other steiners and these are just what I expected .
 After buying swim briefs in sport stores and online , most major brands like Speedo , Tyr , Adidas , etc. , most swim briefs were tight , or with incomplete rear coverage . Not Argonswim , the manufacturer of these swim briefs . In the description of their product they state their sizes run true . Initially I was skeptical and ordered one size larger as I learned to do with other brands . When they arrived , they were too large . I was able to return them -LRB- unworn , of course ! -RRB- , received a replacement that fit me perfectly . Impeccable tailoring , perfect fit , bright , vivid colors , smoothest feel . I reordered in several additional colors and are now my favorites for the pool and beach . Try them
 Hamiltons have always been great . The halter is of good materials , attractive , and well built . However , the color was not as advertised and the blue was much duller and a little darker than the one in the picture . Please try to accurately represent your products in the future ! Beware , you have no idea what color you will get.Either way , love it .
 Awesome fit ! Finally found a halter that fits great . My horses are now comfortable . With no nose or chin rubbing .
 My stallion has big jaws and a little nose and this is adjustable enough to work for him . This is the only brand I can buy for him .
 This halter is wonderful ! The color is bright , halter is thick , sturdy and durable . Easy to adjust the nose band and the clip makes it easy to put on the horse and take off .
 I 'm from Argentina and purchased this halter because I ca n't get Draft horse size products in my country -LRB- the biggest ones here run too small -RRB- . The quality just amazes me ! Very stylish for my grey Percheron horses solid build and happy to see it has a loose fit even on the largest heads . Years ago a bought a Hamilton harness for my Husky . Hamilton will never let you down , It 's worth every cent you pay !!!!!
 Real quality halter with two adjustments and brass fittings - They last a long time and look good on my girls-Dennis
 Great halter , well made and fits well , thanks Was received a day early . I expect years of service from this halter
 This item came exactly as described and in excellent condition . I was kept informed throughout , and received it much sooner than expected . I would definitely do business with them again .
 I bought this TV to use as a baby monitor with a wireless surveillance camera . It has great picture and you cant get a better deal on a 15 '' LCD TV elsewhere . I first tested it with my cable . It did a quick and easy auto-programming and I was ready to watch tv . It worked just fine . It even has a VGA connector in case you want to hook it up to your computer . I 'm very satisfied with the product and with the seller . I was a little skeptical at first because other sellers have this at a much higher price but it was brand new and it works great .
 I was looking for an 15 ` LCD tv for my bedroom and after an extended search came upon this somehow . I was very skeptical because I seen a yankees one for like 450 dollars , and another one for like 300 dollars -LRB- Lakers -RRB- . So I was like that 's strange . But I noticed that you can use it as a computer moniter also . It also had other connections too so you could hook up a video game or DVD . So I gave it a shot . I am now using this as a computer monitor , WITH NO PROBLEM . I could n't believe how clear the picture was . The volume is good , its versatile . Sometimes I unplug it and take it in the bedroom . Can hook up video games , and DVD with NO PROBLEM . THIS WAS A FLAT OUT STEAL , and I do n't even like the bluejays , just the design and color , and it looks sporty .
 Excellent quality and great picture , you cant beat the price ... all accessories and connection cables are included and then some .
 I bought this 15 '' LCD TV to go in my camper . I took the bottom legs off and mounted it directly to the wall and it works great . I was skeptical at first because the price was so much lower than all of the other TV 's , but it was brand new in box and works great . Great picture . Excellent item .
 I bought this as a birthday present for my boyfriend , who is a huge Colts fan , and he loved it ! He had a similar football in the past , but he really appreciated that this one is meant for display . I think the only thing missing is a case , but this is one of the more inexpensive ones out there , so you can always buy a case later . Other than that , the details included on the football are perfect for remembering the game .
 It was exactly what I was looking for . My girlfriend , who 's child I bought it for , kept asking me where I got it . He loved it so much she had to fight him to take it off that night ! I win ; -RRB-
 my new favorite holster . will buy several more for my other guns . too bad its made in mexico now , but still good quality .
 I used this all winter for my bike commute , and never changed the battery ! That 's about 40-60 hours , I estimate . Clear bright light . Good for seeing and being seen .
 The headlight does everything the product description says it does . The light is brighter than car headlights and has a pretty wide field so when its blinking you 're about as close to car proof as you 're going to get . It installs very easily and is easy to take off when you park . I ca n't speak on the battery life yet but so far so good .
 Bought this light for my 4 year old son . He loves to ride with it on . It puts out a bright stream of white light . The brightest we have ever owned . The only drawl back is that the light on/off button is stiff and little kids may have trouble turning it on .
 Bright and cute . Much easier to change batteries and to mount on bike than the rear light -LRB- Mars 2.0 -RRB- I ordered at the same time .
 It 's a light . For your bike . For when it is dark . The light helps you see . Truly is does . The clasp is kind of junky and might need to be taped . The light is bright and works well .
 Not bad lighting but when on the power interferes with odometer so have to have some distance from each other .
 Works well . Great light . I see the light reflected on street signs way off as I approach them . Easy to slide off and take it with me when I park the bike .
 Plenty bright and attaches easily . Only complaint is that the first setting is flasher rather than solid and I usually use solid .
 My husband and I both have one for our bikes , although we have not had an opportunity to use them much . The light provides some illumination to see the road , but we mainly have them so that motorists can see us . Works well .
 Quality appears to be good . Son has been using for a week now and its quite bright . Comes with batteries .
 The other reviewers are spot on . This is a great light with nice , wide coverage area . I like quick release since and this would be a 5 star review if it had a better mounting bracket .
 As the subject line says this is a great light that gives me enough light to bike home on dark backroads without fear of hitting a deer or worse , a ditch .
 Finally used this light last night . We live in the suburbs with street lighting , but the light still illuminates a good 25-30 feet ahead of the bike . It illuminates reflective street signs far enough away to be able to see their names easily . Definitely a good buy ! Lights came package very well with air pillows all around .
 I got this for night road riding on my road bike . Other reviews gave me a sense that it would work out well . It does , but the light could be a little brighter if I could change anything about it . This is good enough to make it from point A to point B , but it will not give an ultra wide circle of light - just enough for you to see immediately ahead of you . I am thinking of using a second one to project a beam of light a little further in front . Maybe the two lights will fit the bill . As for the attachment mechanism , it was fine - no issues there & there is a quick detach so you can take your light with you when you park your bike in places where accessories can `` walk-off '' . I would buy again , but would also consider other lights as well . Pricing was not bad on this item . Switch was good .
 Awesome . I ride 10 miles a day rain or shine , light or dark , and this LED is bright , safe , and durable . Obviously not as bright as a car headlight , but is one of the best bike lights out there for a reasonable price .
 The light is great . Easy to mount , it is secure and both light modes provide excellent coverage .
 I have mounted and tested this on my commuter bike but have not yet had a chance to test its performance under actual nighttime conditions . I does what it claims to do and puts out a nice bright light -LRB- steady or blinking -RRB- that will make me more visible to drivers in the evening . The unit is well made and uses a ratcheting system so it can be mounted to a variety of different handlebar sizes . It is front heavy and needs to be tightened down really well to keep it from drooping . Also , the push-on power button is near the lens so when you push on it the light wants to droop . Not a major problem but it means you need to put the light on before you start or do it while stopped . I do n't expect this to be bright enough to illuminate the road ahead . You can see more of my commuter bike gear at
 This is a great light , probably the best you can get . Can illuminate the space in front of you and shine on thigns really far away . I recommend it for biking after dark .
 I commute to work on an AF base each morning at 0500 and this is by far the best bike light I 've ever owned . Unlike the standard bulbs that have that aweful halo effect , LED lights are very bright and extremely focused . I love my light !
 Downgraded to 4 stars when it stopped working after about 2 years . I expected more.Original review : What is there to say about a light ? I have no complaints . This light is very bright , it looks cool , was easy to install -LRB- took me about 5 minutes and I 'm no bike guru -RRB- , came with batteries , and it claims the batteries last 100 hours . I have not yet used it for 100 hours so I ca n't attest to that but assuming it 's true , I would be very happy . It has two modes , flashing and constant . I have just used the constant mode but I guess some people might prefer flashing . Let 's not forget that Planet Bike donates 25 % of their profits to bicycle advocacy so they are always a good company to support .
 This light is AWESOME ! Cheap and throws a ton of light . Perfect for the price .
 no problems here . I am seen on the scene no matter what the lighting conditions are .
 Super easy to mount , and very bright . Works great as a quick flashlight to see what you 're doing , as it pops off the mounting bracket without any tools or readjustment .
 Amazingly simple to attach to the bike . Very bright LEDs . I have used the light on/off for the last 6 months , and the batteries are still good.Probably the best bike light that I have ever purchased , and well worth the price.Highly recommended .
 The LED lights are bright and can be seen from a long distance . They also illuminate the road so that you can avoid obstacles on the road.Installation of the bracket mount requires some care . If the stem is too big for the bracket as shipped , you will need to loosen the screwin the bracket and increase the available length of the strap . You may also need to adjust the cam lever post . Once this is done theQuickCam bracket will be rock solid . All of this is explained in the instructions . If you have lost the instructions , they can be found in thePlanet Bike site or by searching for `` planet bike quick cam instructions '' .
 I had the light for about a week now . Its very bright , has two settings -LRB- alternating and constant -RRB- , and is very easy to install . Like most higher end lights its detachable so you can take it with you to avoid theft . It seems to work very well and I would recommend it .
 Purchased Planet Bike 's 3 LED beamer to announce my presence on the road for early before dawn and early evening rides . I have used the light in both modes.While this light wo n't light up everthing , it is quite adequate as I have used it before dawn . I had it in the blinking mode to announce myself to motorists and others on the road along with my blinking red tail light.In the steady mode it did assist in lighting up the path and it sure did illuminate the reflective signs on the roadway.This light is a great value for the price . So far it has been reliable and I have no complaints . I purchased an additional light so that my spouse would have one and that was the Planet Bike 5 LED model that was less than the 3 LED.I tried out both lights on one ride for comparison . While both lights are nice and work well , there really was no major difference other than 5 LED appearing a tad bit brighter and the 3 LED having a more solid beam.The only improvement Planet Bike should consider making is to the mount that comes with the light . I found the light has a tendency to slip out of place when traveling on a less than perfect road or path . To stabalize the light I used velcro straps , the type used to tie up computer cords , to secure the light on my handlebars.I have had these lights now for nearly 1 year and have no complaints as some reviewers have experienced such as water intrusion . While I do n't ride in the rain , if I had to I would wrap the light in plastic .
 Very bright and easy to mount on the handlebars . It can be used with flash or steady beam , both of which I have had the opportunity to use . It is visible from a long distance .
 I had gotten a Bell Dawn Patrol light for my bike a couple of months earlier that did the job as far as visibility , but I had some issues with it . The lens of that light projected light mainly forward , but it was unfocused and on unlit back roads in flashing mode I would lose my night vision accommodation because the lens wrapped around the sides and top . This allowed the light to flash in my eyes creating an unpleasant strobe effect that was disorienting . This new light does n't suffer from that same problem . If you look at the picture you will notice that you will be shielded from that back and side flashing as these areas are covered by the lip of the housing . Brigthness-wise , the two lights are about the same . I do like the mount on this one better . It can be snugged a little tighter than the Bell . The construction has a metallic feel to it and it just feels a lot sturdier than the plastic used by the Bell . The light coming from this has a nice , tight focus to it that does a great job of helping you see what is on the ground in front of you , but still it is easy to over-drive its beam if you are going 15-20mph on an unlit road . -RSB- Overall , I love this little light and it was definitely worth the extra $ 10 I paid for it . You wo n't be disappointed unless you are looking for something like an HID level of illumination . Expect to spend upwards of $ 150 for something like that !
 this light is great in its functionality , which is TO BE SEEN by on comers . it 's not necessarily meant to be able to light your path though . unless your path is directly 4 ft. in front of you , which , if your going over 5-10 mph , wo n't be far enough to do anything about what you might hit . that said , for the price , and the super-cool , easy bracket , this is a deal .
 Enough light for city streets and the flicker option really helps to make you visible , especially in city streets . The light is bright enough but if you want to drive in total darkness , you might want to go for something more powerful . Overall , I am satisfied with my buy .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this inexpensive little light.The mount is very well made , solid , and the light itself gives off a very focused , bright beam . It also seems to be water resistant , with a rubber sealed toggle switch , and an o-ring for the case seam . Great buy .
 I own two of these . Replacing one -LRB- as result of bike accident -RRB- and will probably buy the same light again.Here 's what I like * 100 Hours of batter life . Yes , you can get brighter lights , but you will pay for it in eating batteries . * When the batteries fade on these , because they are LEDs , they fade gradually giving you lots of time to replace the batteries . * I double the lights - have two of them on either side of my handle bar . In an urban environment , on strobe mode , this is VERY effective in getting peoples attention . The strobe works well . * On the trail in the urban environment , I put them on steady . Doubled up - and with urban light - its PLENTY of light . * I am cyclist commuter ; my bike takes a beating - these things have stood up well . Reliable . * The brighter lights -LRB- which either eat batteries or must have lithium ion batteries -RRB- will light up a dark trail better which may be important to some - but please remember that you will also blind oncoming cyclist traffic . These will not blind your fellow cyclists . * The mounts are very easy on and off -LRB- yes I have a thick handlebar -RRB- Someone commented that between the 3 LED and the 5 LED Planet bike lights , the 3 has a tighter focus . If you look on the Planet Bike webpage , they have a `` compare the lights '' page that shows that this is in fact true . Meaning , if you point these 3 LEDs down in front of you , it has a good tight focus beam on that trail - showing you any rocks or sticks in your way.Finally , in the urban environment , there is another advantage in not using an ultrabright . Contrast . If you use a very bright light , anything outside the beam you will not be able to see . Your eyes will adjust to the bright light , and not see the shaddows . These 3LED Planet Bike lights put out a good beam - but its not too bright . I can see things -LRB- geese , ducks , pedestrians , trash -RRB- outside the light beam in the urban light.Great lights . Buying another one .
 This light is awesome ; it 's cheap but fits perfectly on my bike and provides just enough light to navigate through city streets . I would not recommend purchasing this if you plan on flying through dense woodland at night -LRB- you 'll clearly hurt yourself -RRB- . IF you 're uncertain if this will provide you with enough light , go to Planet Bike 's website and on the homepage click on the `` See the light '' link . This will compare all of their models and show you the distances the light can travel at night . Overall , if you use streets that are moderately lit and do n't want to get hit by cars ... do n't be afraid to try out the Beamer 3 LED . I was impressed to see the light reflecting off of street signs a decent distance away.Oh , one last thing ! The light is detachable from the mount that you install , so you can just slip it into your backpack -LRB- or pocket ? -RRB- when you 're not using it - this prevents theft .
 This is a well constructed light that is easy to install . It is also very easy to temporarily remove for theft prevention . The customer service is also excellent - the company replaced a part we accidentally lost in a quick and easy transaction . We will continue to buy more products from Planet Bike !!
 The light mounts very easily and has a very bright beam , I use it more as a blinker than an actual headlight but for the price range it functions extreamly well in both functions , just keep in mind it 's not a wide area light , it 's great for lighting the way at slow speeds and as a safety device .
 I have used this light for over a year commuting everyday to work . It is very solid for the price , well made and water resistant . The light beam is a bit small but enough if pointed correctly , battery life is also good.Like some other reviewers , I am not quite sure about the `` Quick-Cam Adjustable Bracket '' mount . It is somewhat confusing and does not always hold tightly . Planet Bike was possibly aiming for a quick release type mount but it is not quite quick release -LRB- although at least you do n't need tools -RRB- . You have to unlock the cam , unscrew it and then unhook it . The hooking and unhooking is the most difficult part , you have to open the screw and adjustable strap overly far to get enough clearance to hook/unhook it but then you have too much slack to tighten it down firmly on the handlebar . Hooking/unhooking is also somewhat of a strain and the strap has stress cracks in it now.Otherwise , I think the light is excellent and I would buy another one .
 I have had this light for about a month now and it has been perfect for my use . It lights up dark bike paths well enough to see where you are going , with the blinking option on the street , cars and pedestrians will see you from a good distance away . I had no problem with the mount , though you do have to mount it on the wider part of your handlebar . It went on very easily and works very well so far .
 I go biking most of the time after work so i needed a light for my bike that could help me maneuver in the dark , when i came across this item i was at first reluctant to believe this thing will help me out but either way i gave it a try since i saw some photos showing it working how i was hoping it would , i was very suprised to confirm that the light worked exactly the way the picture showed the first time i drove my bike through dark areas , and since it has also a blincking mode it can be used to signal to the front of the bike . Plus the batteries last really long on this thing .
 I am very pleased with my bike beamer ! The only problem is that it interferes with my speedometer when the light is on constant blink . Otherwise , it is great . The only solution , replace with a Planet Bike speedometer which I will do at some point .
 I used these lights on my Dahon bike . It is very bright , and it shines the trail adequately . The round clip fits the handles snug .
 Have ridden with this light for a few months now through rain and shine and it has worked great . It not only makes the area in front of you well lit , but can also be brightly be seen from a decently far distance .
 Awesome bike headlight . Also you can use it as flashlight . 3 LEDs make a powerful beam and nice white ray color . Easy install in 5 minutes . Two modes
 It can blink or stay constant ; very bright light ; secure handlebar bracket mount . You ca n't go wrong with this product .
 This light is great ! Real bright , totally lights up the potholes on a dark street . Mounting bracket works great , I 've got it set just tight enough to stay in place but also to allow me to angle it up/down depending on how far away I want the beam hitting the ground . The quick release is smooth . Best bike headlight I 've ever seen .
 This is a great light for cars only to see you . It has two modes , one flashing and one steady . Both are very good and bright . It is NOT a good light for you to see where you are going . It produces a 2 foot circle about 3 feet in front of you.It also has a quick release button - Good for you to use as a flash light around the house.Bad cause if you lock your bike up , your light can easily be taken .
 Works ok for what I need . I do n't know how well it would be down a dark road at night ...
 No complaints . The 3 led lights are bright and the quick release works wonderfully . Planet Bike FTW !
 like it.dropped twice by accident and still works fine.the 3 led lights are pretty strong compared the one i had before -LRB- Plant 's Spot one -RRB- but the clip instruction was a little confusing when I first attempted to install it.Other than that it 's pretty good , I have n't used it massively so not sure how long the battery life will be , but it would n't be a issue.just bring extra AA batteries .
 This is a really great light to have . I 'm in a metropolitan area so it 's not like I use this in wooded areas often but this light is still really strong .
 I have a Schwinn Volare flat bar bike and installed this at the front on my handlebars . The light is BRIGHT ! 3 LEDs means you 'll be noticed . The 2 light modes are also great and work as described . The only draw back I would say is that the size of my handle bars makes the gripping mechanism in-between what it should be . It 's just tight enough to hold in place , but bike riding on bumping ground can jostle it up and down and requires some adjustment while riding to keep it facing forward . Not terribly worrisome , but nonetheless the only drawback I 've experienced thus far . I 'm sure if I wrapped the handlebars with some electrical taps and then put this on it would n't be an issue -- just have n't done it yet.Good light .
 I commute to work in the dark and this light provides enough visibility so I do n't get surprised at 20mph . It 's nowhere near an HID , but it only cost $ 20 .
 Super bright LEDs at night , makes the road in front of you visible and motorists can clearly see you as well . Small compact size does n't take up much space on the handle bar -LRB- especially those with bullhorns -RRB- ... overall , a nice light that is dependable .
 Works well , really good solid beam of light that comes out in a perfect circle . The only thing I dont like is that you have to attach a component to your bike that stays on the bike even when you take the light off . I would prefer something that I can take off both the mounting and the light , but then again , this does make for very easy mounting .
 make sure you do n't have a smaller size handlebar . It comes w/2 ` inserts ' to help adjust for that , but my handlebar needed to use a 3rd -LRB- borrowed one of the inserts from my girlfriend 's light purchase haha -RRB- to have this light fit securely onto my handlebar . GREAT product though !!! Just be aware of your handlebar size .
 Perfect light , this light is nice and bright and it does the job for those night rides . Get two of them and your in real good shape .
 Just got it today , its extremely bright compared to my previous light . Also the mounting bracket does n't need any tools to put in . The light is compact and comes with batteries . Really happy with it .
 Very bright and extremely lightweight . The switch is user-friendly . I have yet to see whether or not it is battery-friendly ...
 Strong enough to be seen on city streets . Snaps on and of very easily . City dwellers have trouble holding on to their lights so this is a big plus . No 5 star because it 's a little light an not as structurally strong as one for which you might pay more . For the money it 's great .
 Length :
 The light is plenty bright for minor navigation purposes -LRB- I use streets with some lightposts , but trees get in the way of the full light -RRB- and works great for alerting others you 're there -LRB- has a blink setting , which I mainly use -RRB- . I would n't use it to navigate unknown trails or do any heavy riding , but it 's good for getting around a city with some lightposts here and there at night.The one gripe is that the mounting bracket is not quite right . It took me awhile to figure out that there 's 3 settings for sizing , I ended up needing the smallest . However , the other night I went over a bump and the mounting flipped around , rending the light useless as it pointed straight at the ground . I used some electrical tape to fix it , but still a bummer .
 Great product . Looks good . Has two modes , blinking and always ON . Durable and perfectly designed . highly recommended for safety purposes .
 The light locks in place well . The light actually rattles a little as I ride because the channels for the 2 pieces to slide together are a little generous in size.Overall , happy camper . Good light , very bright . I have noticed an increase of awareness of drivers around me at night . This light does the job well .
 I just installed this light on my Trek hybrid . Installation was a breeze and the light works like a champ . You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 The quality of the light is great - large white spotlight , with decent falloff . It 's easy to see and be seen . For the price , it 's a winner .
 not going to go mtn . biking at night with this one but for riding around town in the evenings this is a good light for the price .
 I bought this item one week ago . So far so good . Compared to other expensive items this is cheap and functional . if you do n't need sunlight during your ride I recommend you to get one . but if you ride on the deserted roads in midnight you should probably look for something else . I am very satisfied with the performance .
 This is an excellent bike light , no need to spend more on any other , more expensive product.I was surprised to see how heavy duty this light turned out to be , you can tell by just holding it and by inserting the rechargeable batteries.Very bright , very focused light beam and a well built bracket mount as well.Good thing the bracket mount also comes off easily , these lights are very popular with thieves as well , so do n't just take the light off when you lock your bike someplace , take off the bracket , too.As a suggestion to Planet Bike , I 'd say you should include a screw-on bracket mount , so it would be much more difficult to just snatch it.Don ' t forget to use rechargeable batteries - you know just ONE regular battery in the trash will poison 1,000 cubic yards of ground water -LRB- ! -RRB-
 This bike light is wonderful in it 's functionality - and this is to be visible on the roads . It does n't really light up the path infront of you , unless you are going very slow . If you ride more than 10miles than it wo n't be good enough for to prevent you hitting a rock that you ca n't see ! Having said that , this is a wonderful product for its price and it is easily mountable on my bike .
 The amount of light the beamer puts out is great ! Getting it mounted was a little tricky , be sure and READ the directions and give yourself more than 5 minutes to put it on as well . Now that it 's on it will be fine . it is nice it has a release feature that allows the light to be removed without removing the ring bracket .
 This is a fantastic commuter light . the beam is bright enough to help pick out up coming pot holes at moderate speed . Looking at it head on it 's hard to ignore , so on-coming cars definitely know you 're there . On non-lighted trails it leaves more to be desired . It works well enough to tackle pitch dark trails at a slow speed .
 Wow so bright for an 3 LED light . A lot better then my old bike light and it stay in place when ridding on rough roads . 5 Stars
 As with just about any bike light in this price range , I wish they provided more light when riding in the dark . I have found when riding down most city streets with street lights the light is more than adequate . I do n't do much riding in the dark however , I commute to work and usually leave before 6pm so I do n't really need the light as much as I just need to be seen for motorists . The blinking light is extremely visible and a driver would have to be legally blind NOT to see you , and even in those cases they probably would be able to see the light blinking from this thing it is that good . I have used it for over a year in rainy conditions and it has held up well , so I say it is very durable . A minor gripe is for whatever reason after using it for about a year I had to tighten the mount as I guess the screw just backs out a little over time , again no big deal . Overall I am very satisfied with it and something like this is a must have if you commute by bike . If you ride a great deal in the middle of the night without adequate street lighting I would suggest getting a light that provides more light -LRB- but is going to cost you considerably more $ -RRB- .
 I purchased this bicycle headlight to mount on handlebars for night time bicycling . The 3-LED light provide a very bright to increase safety while riding at night . It was relatively simple to assemble and mount . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for adding visibility and safety for night time bicycling . Very good product .
 Light is awesome . It is compact and very bright . However , it does not fit 3T ergonova handlebars -LRB- egg shaped oversized bars -RRB- , the clamp is not large enough . I had to macgyver it in place with a zip tie . I would have given a 5 except for the clamp .
 I have used this bicycle light for a while now and i have no complaints for it . It does what it is supposed to do and generates a nice flashing or steady bright light that will make me visible at night on the road . It makes me feel a lot safer to be able to be see and be seen . It was also very easy to mount it on the bike . The batteries that it comes with claims that they last for about 100 hours , but i can not yet testify for that . I recommend this to anyone who bikes in the dark to protect yourself from accidents .
 this light is a great performer for the price , very bright and good battery life.the mounting bracket takes some fiddling with to get it right but al in all , this is a good value for the money .
 I just rode with the Planet Bike Beamer and found it did an excellent job lighting my way . I had a comparable headlight for my bike before but really was not satisfied . I read the review for the Planet Bike light , bought it and when I rode with it I could easily tell it was brighter and I could clearly see ahead of me . I had to slightly fiddle with the bracket but this should not be a negative deciding factor . Overall a great light and I should have bought this light to begin with .
 Ca n't go wrong with this light it 's bright , batteries last a long time , and it 's convenient to use . However , this light should only be used for short distances , in light traffic and does n't have the necessary output to compete with car headlights at night . Bikes should not , IMHO , be rode at night . The Cam bracket is a little iffy and the bracket may not work on large bike bars . I have a Canondale bike . Great light for the price .
 be sure to properly read the mounting instructions because if mounted incorrectly , it will be loose . The light itself is quite bright and easy to remove from the mount .
 This light shows up great . My neighbors say we have great visibility when we ride at night .
 It seems like a good product after 6 weeks of weekday commuting . It 's bright from the point of view of being seen by other road users . It does produce a reasonable beam of light , but not enough to see by in the dark -LRB- but I did n't expect that -RRB- . I also have a Blaze 1/2 watt from the same company and the Blaze is more expensive and is n't really much brighter so I 'd say the Beamer is much better value for money . The handlebar clip works well and is easy to adjust . For narrower bars the band can be shortened with a tie-wrap style ratchet under the mount point . It fitted my bars of 25mm diameter . The light slides on and off the bracket easily . To get it off there 's a little plastic tab which you push down much like many other products of this type.It 's too early to say if it 's waterproof or how long the included batteries will last , but it 's holding up well after around 10 hours running time .
 This is a good light . It installs easy , comes with a battery , and provides enough brightness . It is very easy to quickly remove it and put it back on , in case you do n't want to leave it on your bike while it is locked up . So far this has been exactly what I needed and worked perfectly .
 This is a great light for urban riding . You would not need anything brighter unless you were riding in pitch dark . The flashing mode is visible for a great distance . It is also very easy to install . I leave the bracket on my handlebar right beside my heart rate monitor . It takes up very little room and is very unobtrusive . I almost purchased a more expensive light because it had 5 instead of 3 Led 's - do n't bother - this is a great light .
 I bike in reasonably dark suburban areas and I need my bike headlight to see . The Planet Bike Beamer 3 LED unit gives a good bright very precise circle of light that lets me see the road surface I 'm about to hit . It has cut outs on the left and right to allow light to spill to the sides a bit - illuminating my handlebars -LRB- but not enough to read the gear indicators -RRB- . I like this - it helps orient me . The `` Quick Cam '' bracket mount is a bit fiddly to get adjusted , but once I did , it allows me to quickly take it on and off and , when on , lets me aim it up or down without undoing it -LRB- and it stays put -RRB- . The only negatives I can see are that 1 -RRB- I 'd prefer it to default to steady beam , not blinking . This is a quibble . 2 -RRB- I 'd prefer more light spread . I think they sacrificed some spread in exchange for having such a sharply defined circle . Maybe I 'm wrong and it 's a function of those beefy lenses on the front.All in all this is a great item for the price and gets the job done fine of illuminating my path when I bike at night .
 I really like the cam lock for mounting it on most tubes.Light is bright enough to be effective.I do n't like the on/off button that you cant use with gloves and is hard to find by feel in the dark
 the mount fits well on my road bike the light power is good for those nights when a light is a must , i mainly keep it on the blinking option to get noticed by moving vehicles.looks pritty solid highly recommended .
 Positives
 I love the reviews on Amazon , I ca n't ever remember being dissapointed in a product that got great reviews . This a wonderful light and I really like Planet Bike products -LRB- I got the rear light also -RRB- . I ride mostly in the early morning hours and this is just a great simple light !!!!!!
 I bought this years ago to use as a headlight on a piece of professional pressure washing equipment . The device was lawnmower like for washing flat concrete and masonry surfaces -LRB- ya I know who cares -RRB- sometimes at night . It worked well mounted to the handle of the device and the massive steam output and vibration did n't adversely affect the light . Well I 'm out of the pressure washing business -LRB- for now -RRB- and it sits in my glove compartment as a utility light , a job it does quite well ...
 Not the brightest light in the world but good beam angle . Mounting bracket works well and east to attach or detach .
 Illuminate perfectly , just have a little problem with the adjustment system , my handlebar it 's not straight , so with vibration move the lamp because do n't adjust fine
 These lights are getting better every year . I had the model from 2 years ago , I simply bought this and I was glad to see it snaps to the exact same base I had from the previous model , so now I have an extra spare base and it was quite convenient NOT to have to change the one already on my bike.Bright , effective , good pricing . Fantastic .
 Item came quickly . It has a very robust mount which is secure , flexible , and allows the light to be removed so no one steals it when you park . Light is very bright , and easy to turn on and off . In all , a nice product at a nice price .
 This light installed very easily . It lights up a stop sign a `` full '' two blocks away ... and then some . I 've had mine for a year and just bought another one for my wife 's bike .
 Planet Bike Beamer 3 LED Bicycle Light with Quick Cam Bracket Mount . This is a great product , very bright and I like the way the first push of the button gives you the blinking mode since that attracts more attention on the road at night . I will buy again if needed.RB
 Very easy to install on cycle handle . Very good to make you visible . And decent enough to see on dark road at average speed .
 The Beamer bike light is the cat 's meow times 10 . It 's easy to install , throws off a ton of light , it 's durable , reliable , easy to use . After a test ride at night using this light plus a helmet mounted light and a rear flashing red light plus a silver Jogalite ankle reflector band on both ankles-I looked like a fire truck coming down the road . The strobe effect with this light will light up reflective road signs for 2 blocks in front of you . I 'm seeing more and more people wearing reflective garmets-finally it 's sinking in . I strongly reccomend a flashing strobe type rear light , leg bands -LRB- Jogalite -RRB- and this as a front light . I was a flight student in Fl . years ago when the strobe lights were introduced to airplanes-whoa-what a difference those made-talk about being seen , well this light does the same thing for a bicyclist-get one-you wo n't be sorry . Buy one for your best friend .
 Since I do n't ride at night I only use the Beamer as a blinking daylight running light , for $ 20 bucks I feel its a no-brainer as an extra safety measure when road ridding .
 Light is nice and bright . The bracket is solid . Easy to take on and off . Overall - works great for my purposes . : -RRB-
 Just do it . Click and buy it . You know you want to ... it 's gotten good reviews . And for a reason ! This thing is compact , has three LEDs -LRB- read
 simple settings
 Works as expected . Illumination is much brighter than anything I 've had previously . Have to be careful not to blind drivers with it ! Great value for the money . No installations problems on my 2009 Cannondale F9 .
 I commute on pitch black roads sometimes and needed a serious light to see the road ahead with . I like going at a pretty fast pace too , so it had to be a powerful light . I ended up getting a Cygolite and have been very pleased . But what to do with the little outstanding PB Beamer that I bought some time ago?With just a little velcro it becomes a well needed second light mounted to my helmet . I have always heard a 2 light set up is by far the best way to go and I can vouch for that now . I have light wherever my head turns , but more importantly with the PB mounted to my helmet , I can direct the light right at cars turning into my path , etc.Two lights create the perfect blend of being able to see the road and the ability to alert cars to see you in any direction . Another good thing is the battery life on the PB is excellent . And again , having two lights -LRB- the Cygolite is rechargeable and the PB has two AA 's -RRB- guarantees I wo n't get caught in the dark . Superb little bright light that will always have a place with me ... even camping ... but I digress.I should note that while I did use this light with its handlebar mount , I never had some of the problems with it as stated in other reviews . I also do not feel this light is heavy or I would n't put it on my helmet now . I have a CatEye EL320 as well , and it is significantly heavier with its 4 AA batteries and the trade off is not double the brightness or double the battery life either . The PB packs a lot of bang for the buck . Whether you are using it as a primary light in urban settings , or a second light in rural or dark settings , the PB Beamer is a winner .
 I purchased CygoLite Milion 200 LED Rechargable 1-Piece HeadLight W / Helmet Mount and Planet Bike Beamer 3 LED Bicycle Light with Quick Cam Bracket Mount . I like Planet Light as much as more expensive CygoLite . CygoLite is much brighter of course , but it does n't last as long before you need to recharge it . Planet Light you can use for many days -LRB- if not weeks -RRB- without changing the batteries . I would highly recommend to buy this light .
 Needed to add headlights to our bicycles for a late season night ride . Worked well for the most part . The mount worked extremely well on our Trek handlebars . The 3 LEDs put out a bright light . The beam is somewhat narrowly focused which is only a slight negative for trail riding . Uneven terrain caused the beam to go in the direction of the handlebars and not necessarily the trail . In that regard , I can see why some prefer head gear instead of a bicycle mount headlamp . Overall though , very pleased .
 I was surprised with how bright this light was . This light is very very bright . The flash feature doesnt distract you at all while riding . I thought it would when I first tried it at home . It provides a bright oval even light on the ground but again this light is not for you to ride in the woods in absolute darkness . It is bright enough for you to see whats in front of you and not hit anything and it is a great light to be seen by motorists . It can be see from sides which makes it perfect . I decided to purchase this light although there was an option for the Super Flash light because I thought to spend twice as much on just a flashing pattern didnt make sense at least to me . I would consider the Super Flash light if it was less expensive though . But I am happy with my decision it serves the purpose , it is bright and looks great on my bike . Almost forgot the bracket was very easy to install and adjust . took less than 5 minutes to put it on . It holds the light securely .
 I use this on my Mtn bike where i commute 6 miles each way to / from work . My last light would n't stick to the handlebars . Every time I went over a bump , the light would lose grip and would be dangling shining on the ground . No matter how hard i cranked the other one on there , after enough rattling it would slip . So far this one has n't lost grip once . Light is very viable .
 Excellent light for side walks and on roads.light is bright enough as most of the reviews talk about.by this one instead of single LED -LRB- Planet Bike Beamer 1 -RRB- one bcos it will be brighter than the single LED light.I think the construction and mounted is great and it took me 2-3 mins to mount and make it functional.the way it is it looks like it is going to last for a long time.check the light intensity atthey show the differences between different models . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Superb product and will recommend it to a friend . Very bright , actually blindly bright for a light this size but weak support .
 This light is super powerful . It has a quick release strap that allows you to take it with you easily when away from the bike . I live in NY and when riding could see the light reflecting off of the street sign a block away -- seriously . I have only used it recently so I do n't know how much of a drain it will be on battery power , but I 'm happy so far.The light has only two on settings
 I purchased this light to use on my commute to and from work in Seattle . The price was great and I have been very happy so far -LRB- I have had it about 3 months as of writing this -RRB- . The positives include : - The fact that the light only takes 2 AA batteries . Many similar lights seem to require 3 or more , or use watch type batteries - Battery life seems good so far . Not sure how many hours I have used it , but I usually ride about 30 minutes per day with it on steady , about 3 times a week and I have been using it for about 3 months now without having to switch the batteries . - The ease of use - the power button is nice and large and it just takes one click to start it flashing , one more click for a constant light , one final click to switch it off . - The light is very bright and extremely visible . Pointing straight forward instead of down towards the ground the light projects very far and still remains bright - Nice and compact.The negatives do n't really take away from the light , but they are things that I might consider changing or paying more for on another light : - The light is definitely more of a spotlight that a floodlight , so while the beam is nice and strong , it does not light up a huge area , just a 2 ' circle where it is pointed . If you need a light to be seen , rather than to see , this light works great . - The bracket is not the greatest . It takes a little messing with to get it working right , but nothing major and once on it holds nicely.Overall a great light for the price and definitely recommended .
 This is a fantastic little light . I just installed it and it makes a huge difference on the morning commute when it 's still dark . The strobe setting makes you much more visible to drivers that otherwise may not notice you . I would definitely recommend this to a friend or family member .
 Very good light for inner city riding where some street lighting is also available . I feel that the support bracket could have been better . I 've had trouble getting it to fully lock down onto the handlebars , but the light itself is very good .
 I bike everywhere at college , and with it getting dark earlier I felt the need for a headlamp . I 'm completely satisfied with this Planet Bike light for my purposes . It casts a clear , bright circle of light which would n't be enough for true night riding , but is fine in an urban environment where there are streetlights . The mounting bracket has a tendency to swivel up and down a bit , but the quick detach is nice . Works fine as a normal flashlight too !
 Bought this and the blinking taillight together - great combo and it 's great to be seen when riding in the dark . Not really a good headlight for very dark roads or off road riding - but very useful for helping cage drivers see you when you ride on the road .
 The light was easy to install , and it works just like it 's supposed to do . Great beams and a good flasher .
 It 's bright enough , but not as bright as I 'd hoped for . It 'll do if you need a light , and efficient enough -LRB- probably due to the LEDs -RRB- . However , if you want something really bright so you can see the road ahead more than a few feet , this is n't the light for you . This is more for light cycling . I 've only used for 2 ~ 3 days , so we 'll see how it goes . Maybe I should 've gotten the 5 LED version of this ... -- Update -- After having used it for another ride early in the morning today . I decided that it was worth another star considering that the previous ride was in the rain and the light was pretty decent .
 The main importance of biking around the city is getting seen , not seeing the road so much . This is good and bright , and I usually have it on blinking mode . It 's certainly bright enough , and I can see the flashes highlighted in road signs a long way ahead . So do n't expect it to light your path THAT much , but it will get you seen .
 Length :
 I bought a pair of lights , a habit I have from decades ago when battery life was short and reliability shaky . The idea was that there is more light and a broader beam , usually , and if batteries on one died mid-trip there is still one light working . I 've realized something else since , from a motorist 's perspective . Two lights are more visible than one . It helps to associate the light with a bicycle.That said . One of these lights provides enough light for my urban commuting . I want the light to be bright enough that I can see hazards in the road and that I can be seen . I also want to preserve my night vision so when there is other light I can see around me . That one light is sufficient is demonstrated by the fact that the second light does not significantly change my illumination comfort . I still prefer a brace of lights for the second reason.These lights are thoughtfully designed . Illumination suits me perfectly . A small feature I really like is the dim side-lighting illuminating my handlebars , again aiding identification of my vehicle by a motorist . LEDs extend battery life to where it no longer concerns me . I pack spares . Flashing LEDs redouble battery life , and I have found that strobe frequency is again thoughtful . It is slow enough that I am not bothered by it , yet it is fast enough that I do n't feel a sense of discontinuity . The flashing still pictures I see have the same sense of continuity as a continuous beam light . Battery life is doubled without sacrificing comfort or function . Thus , I run the flashing mode . Finally , these lights make great flashlights , dismounting easily , comfortable in the hand.These are a product from a reliable manufacturer , and the price was right . These are a bargain .
 Only used once , but there 's stuff to say : First , do NOT forget how economical this light is ... if you NEED more light , check out the 1W and 2W PB lights.Mounting
 This is a great running light -LRB- in flashing mode -RRB- and an adequate backup light for illumination at night . I would not use it as my main night illumination unless you are on a well lit road . It 's just too dim for good visability on a dark road -LRB- unless you mount 2 or 3 of them -RRB- . The mount is perfectly adequate and the price is typically Planet Bike user-friendly . I like it a lot .
 I purchased this light over three months ago , along with one for my wife , and we have not been disappointed . Most importantly , we can be seen with this light by others . While the light is not overly bright , it is most adequate for providing essential light while riding at night . We live in Newport , RI and the roads are in very poor condition -- with this light we are able to see any potential hazards before riding over them . I have read other reviews that criticize the mounting brackets . I can only say that I had no problems mounting the lights to my Diamondback mountain bike and my wife 's Diamondback mountain bike -- it took less than 10 minutes . At less than $ 17 , I would definitely make this purchase again if I needed another light .
 The battery lasts a long time . The attachment mechanism is brilliantly engineered . I ca n't say enough good things about this little lite . It 's very bright .
 I bought this light and made sure the mounting bracket was good . It was . It may need some adjusting once you get it , but it is a simple and very effective design . I bought two lights and the first one needed little adjusting , the second one needed about 5-10 minutes of fiddling/adjusting , but once I got the fit down , it is great . The light is bright , batteries are easily accessible and I 'd buy another one if I had a need for it .
 Flashlight is bright for a 3-LED light but not really bright enough to ride at night . Maybe more LED 's would do the trick , maybe fresh batteries , since I am using the ones that came with it.The fit and finish is good , it attaches to the bike securely and it pops off simply if you 're worried about theft or you want to use the light to walk with.No complaints about quality , just wish it were a little brighter for riding at night .
 great light at a great price . Emits good amount of light , and has multiple blinking settings .
 The light performs well . It is small . It attaches easily . It is lightweight and very bright . It does n't eat batteries . Overall , the light is just what I needed .
 I use rechargeable batteries with it and it 's been really durable for the streets . i 've ridden through a few rainstorms over the years and it keeps working fine . It ; 's not the best for off roading but for urban environments with street lights it does fine . My only complaint is that the piece of rubber which connects the mount to the handle bars can get lost -LRB- I often take my light off when i park it somewhere so it does n't get stolen . -RRB- Other than that it 's rock solid.I use this light along withDown Low Glow Lighting Kit - Two Tubes-Envy -LRB- green -RRB- andPlanet Bike Blinky Super Flash 1/2-Watt Blaze LED Plus 2 eXtreme LED Rear Bicycle Lightfor night riding .
 you ca n't go wrong with this light dont get me wrong its no flood light but for the price and amount of light / function its great .
 I bought this light with full knowledge that the mount was likely going to be the least desireable part of it -LRB- I read this in multiple other reviews -RRB- . My bike is a Trek FX 7.1 , and the mount actually works much better than I expected -- at least on my bike . The part that wraps around the handle bar is adjustable , and I set it as tightly as I could . If I really wanted to , I could force it to move , but it does n't seem to be a problem on pavement -LRB- I have ridden it over some small bumps and did n't notice any movement -RRB- . I might still add some electrical tape to make it a little more snug , but the bottom line is that this is not enough of a concern to cause someone not to buy this product . The light itself is exactly what I have read in some of the other 4 and 5 star reviews . It probably wo n't completely illuminate a road that does n't already have street lights , but in an urban environment , it 's perfect . The beam is not at all diffuse and creates a crisp line between lit and non-lit areas . It creates white rather than yellow light . Drivers should have no trouble knowing that you 're coming especially when it is operated in the blinking mode . Great bang for the buck .
 It is a great light . Nice and bright , stays put , does not wiggle around and very easy to put on . No complaints at all .
 I am very happy with this bike light . In the flashing mode if anyone where to run into me at night it would be because they are drunk or on drugs or maybe using their cell phone which according to studies leaves the user with about the same amount of brain available as someone drunk does . Anyhow , I am happy and would highly recommend it because it works great , is nice and portable and can be removed very easily . Plus the price is fair unlike some other brands that you pay for their name for .
 not the most powerful light around , but for the price it performs perfectly . Though it is not bright enough to light the road in front a lot , it is highly visible for any oncoming traffic .
 I ride my bike to work early in the morning and it is pitch black when the moon is not out . I needed a light that was bright enough to make it safe driving at night , but small enough to fit in my pocket when I 'm done using it . This light fits the bill.It detaches easily from my handle bars , and clicks on securely.It has three settings
 I had twin 1Watt LED bike lights that were stolen last week . They were of poor quality , so I was almost happy for an excuse to replace them . I wanted to be sure that my replacement light projected a sufficiently strong beam ahead of me - I like to see where I 'm going as well as be seen by cars , pedestrians , other bikes or anything else I would n't want to run into . This light fits that bill perfectly . Its 3 LEDs are blindingly bright and light up the ground very well ahead of me . I was considering getting two , but only bought one to see if I liked it , and I can tell you that I 'll definitely order a second . Not to say that one is n't plenty bright though - I was riding last night and despite the full moon the trail I was on was rather dark . Right out of the box , this light provided plenty of illumination to navigate by and I can only imagine how things will be once I order my second one.Bottom line , if you 're looking for a light that is both sleek , bright enough to be your only light at night and easy to remove for storage -LRB- clicks off its well-designed mount in one second -RRB- , look no further ! Order up this light right now and ride your bike !
 I bought this light a few months ago , and I could n't be more pleased with it . Construction is compact but very durable , and the lights are bright . I have two bikes , and I was happy with the ease of mounting & removing this from the handlebars . I would definitely recommend !
 Wow . This light is insanely bright . It works well . I purchased it for my brother and was very impressed when I read other reviews . Upon seeing it in person , I 'm so glad I got it for him . He 's a student and rides his bike everywhere , especially at night .
 This is a quality light , and easy to afix to your handle bars , but unfortunately it is also easy to unfix.The light slides on/off the dock easily , so is easy to prevent theft . However , I forgot to take the light off and it was stolen within a few hours of mounting it -LRB- my fault ! -RRB- . What makes it a more appealing target to a thief though , is that the mounting to the handlebars is really easy to take off to , so the thief can take the whole setup and it is easier to re-sell . It would also be easy for someone to vandalize your bike just by stealing the empty dock.That being said , I went and bought another of this exact product after mine was stolen . I think it 's an excellent light for a good price .
 I actually have n't used them yet , but my friend said they work great . I 'm happy with them also they are very visible in the night .
 Searched for a while on Amazon for a bike lights and am very pleased with the purchase . Very very bright , great quality and a very easy to attach bracket.Would recommend this light without reservation . Live and bike in Manhattan with this light and they can not miss you !
 I got this for my sister who takes her bike places around dusk . It 's bright enough to light up any potential safety hazards .
 I got this baby strapped onto the front of my hog . It is bad ass .
 Excellent product . We 're using it on my 98-year old mother-in-law 's walker . It is a super safety device and easy and convenient for her to operate .
 This light did exactly what I thought it would do : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Give a decent amount of light which can be seen by traffic , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- Provide enough light for low speed . This light does not provide enough illumination to be used at higher speeds , 18-22 + mph , which I regularly travel at on my commute to work on my e-bike , but I knew this before buying . I now use this as a 2nd light -LRB- blinking -RRB- , and use a rechargable lithium pack powered light as a primary . Mounting was easy , but I need to put a few layers of electical tape to build up thickness to insure a tight mount .
 Great product . Easy to mount , nice compact size . Very bright . Until recently , I had only used this light on roads with streetlamps , but after Hurricane Ike left us without power all the streets were in darkness ; this lamp lit up the way fantastically well when riding at speeds around 15 mph .
 I use this for both bike riding and running -LRB- it is so lightweight that I just carry it in my hand when running -RRB- . Early in the morning this light lets drivers of oncoming cars easily see me even if the sun is shining directly on the light , which causes many lights to `` wash out '' and be barely visible . Not this one.At night this provides a very bright light for bike riding or running in the street or in the park . Even when it is pitch black in my local park after sunset , the beam does a great job of lighting the path so I can see where I am going , and also alerting other bike riders and runners to my presence.I tested many lights , and this is the brightest lightweight light that I found . I have seen many bicycle riders using it . This is a quality product and great for both bike riding and running .
 This is a bright little light . Night riders get ready to be seen by everyone , even those drunks ca n't miss this one . For the price it simply ca n't be beat . Five full Stars
 I was skeptical when buying this light but when I got the chance to test it out I was blown away by how bright it was . It can be seen from a good distance and with this light you can avoid running over stuff in the dark instead of getting a glimps of what you just ran over like other lights . It slides off its bracket with a quick release that makes it great for when you need to leave your bike chained up . Great buy !!
 I could not be happier with this product . For the money , I believe the performance is fantastic . It actually does light the road ahead , although I would have been happy if it just made me visible at night to cars , but it does both very well .
 This light is the best LED light I own , especially for only 3 LEDs . The pattern of light is like a spot light and is bright and white . I can see trail details in a approximate 15 foot circle in detail at least 20 feet out , and larger details like trees , cars , etc. out to about 50 ' . It is also very easy to install , and stays in place well no matter the amount of bounce -LRB- I ride a mountain/comfort bike -RRB- . I Like that when you want to remove it , you can either slide the light off the mount easily , or if you wanted to mount it on another bike , the quick release clip is just a `` flick '' away from release.Aside from the solid mount where you can easily remove the light for using the light to assist will fixing a flat at night , I love how solid the light is . Most of my other LED lights have an issue with the rear spring the batteries make connection with , and if bounced around , the light will flicker . This one does not.If I have a failure with the original -LRB- I used this light all last year without even replacing the batteries -RRB- , I will replace it with the same make and model .
 Bikes come often with various diameter areas where you want to mountand I have learned to adapt . This Planet Bike Beamer has alot going for it . First it works well for more urban use . Not intended for more rural roads . It is not going to break.Some ppl complain about the mount not holding . My household has cars and bikes and always projects going on so adapting aids are on hand . I mounted this light on two sized mounting locations , One just needed to be snugged up a bit , I took a quality shiny mettalic sticky tape and cut it the same approx width size as the mounting and 1st put it into place then attached my BEAMER . Acted as a shim.Another bike I used quality black cloth duct tape on a solid black bike , Again , shimmed it tight.Neither vibrated off . Yes , every few weeks I redo the shim when the light is removed . Big deal . Its EZ & quick to do.I mount two on a bike for URBAN use . The curb side I point straight ahead as both a long distance warning I am coming and to illuminate car doors or ppl standing at the edge of the road . The left side I aim more direct out about 18 feet in front on the pavement . If your riding more rural or on highways buy a much more expensive lamp.I prefer the dual mount to a brighter single light . And the medium price of the light lets you buy two.ONE ISSUE . If your going to park your bike where the general public has EZ access this light is quick to be stolen . So in the daytime riding I remove my lamps & put them in my light nylon backpack.The value is worth the hassle . These will last longer than most lights in the price range if your smart .
 This bike light is very easy to install and works very well.My only suggestion for improvement is that a front light is more likely needed for lighting , but if you press the button once you get blinking and you have to press it twice to get it solidly on , whereas for the Planet Bike Blinky &#34; 3 &#34; 3-Led Rear Bicycle Light , which is more likely used for visibility , pressing its button once puts it solidly on and twice makes it blink . It seems like either they should both work the same or else both be the opposite of how they are now .
 So far , a great product ! This is light is easy to mount and use . I have n't had any problems with it yet and I hope I do n't . It does put out some decent light once it gets dark , enough to let you see most things . If you do a lot of riding at night , you might want to get something that is a bit brighter . It does what I need it to do . I do n't ride much once it does get dark . I mainly use it for my morning commutes to be more noticeable to drivers . I have about 623 miles on the light and am still using the batteries that came with the light . When they do need to be replaced , I am going to try rechargeable batteries to see if they last as long . Overall , a great light to have !
 I like the simplicity of the light and chose it mainly because it took AA batteries versus other ones that use the coin/watch batteries . AA batteries are re-chargeable and coin batteries are not . The light twists open like a flashlight to put in the batteries . The bracket allows you to point the light up or down to either aim it at car height or at the ground . I switched it to a bike with different handlebars and could n't get a really tight fit for whatever reason . The weight of the light would cause the bracket to tilt and tilt until it pointed straight down instead of straight ahead . I saw a tip online to install it upside down -LRB- so that you clip the light on from underneath the handlebar instead of on top -RRB- . Now it stays pointed straight ahead . Alternatively you could wrap your handlebar in inner tube to get a tight fit if you did n't want to install it upside down .
 I bought this for my son 's bike and he said that it did a great job of lighting up the street when he was riding at night .
 this light throws a good beam and offers a flash for traffic to take easy notice as you ride toward them . best part is the mount ... easy to use a very secure , no tools needed . very smart design that others should take notice of .
 I purchased this light for my son who sometimes has to ride home a night on his bike.The light , lights up the area in front of bike pretty good . My son likes the fact that you can take it off the bike when he leaves it at school .
 This is a great product . It has saved me from being hit several times , and I 've only had it two weeks . It was easy to install , and is very , very bright . It is worth the purchase price !
 This is a nice inexpensive light . I also bought their red tail light . Two small suggestions for Planet Bike . Program your products similarly . The headlight turns on and blinks initially with one click , then stays on with the second . The tail light is the exact opposite . Also , it would be cool if they redesigned the release on the headlight so that you could take it off with one hand . I can do this with the taillight , but it 's harder with the headlight . Overall , so far this and the tail light are both good products for the money .
 Decent light for the money . The light output is not the greatest but seems well built and almost enough light for ridding around town .
 the best products for bicycle lovers . Since I 've bought the first Planet Bike product I still make purchases from this company . I strongly recommend it !
 I bought this light for my bicycle for my commute after work or whenever I felt like biking around at night to destress . The light is plenty bright with a good range and even shines a little bit to the sides . From what I can tell , the effective range on this is about 20 feet or so depending on your night vision . The best part of this item is the mounting bracket . The bracket adjusts in two ways to allow a good amount of flexibility when attaching it to different handle bar sizes or if you have two bikes and like to switch between them . The light itself mounts on the bracket in an easy slide on/off mount that has a small lever on the end . This is convenient if you need to leave your bike and just want to take the light either to dissuade someone from either taking the light or if you need to utilize it for something practical . Of course , make certain that it fits snugly on the bar before taking off on a ride or you 'll find yourself without a decent headlight and then find yourself in a hole . My only minor grievance with this product is that the light mode is `` off to flashing to steady . '' Like I said , minor grievance but I thought they would have designed it with steady to flashing . But that is just my personal preference . Otherwise , great product that I would highly recommend to any person that even just semi-regularly rides a bike .
 this is an excellent product . I have had a number of lights that did n't work out so well . This one is easy to use and battery replacement is also easy
 This light stays on well in my handle bar . It provides a perfect amount of light . There is two different setting to choose from . This light help light up the road . With this light it will make me safer biking at night
 Delivers what it promises on the website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- - it works better to alert others to your presence than to light the way but the light is strong enough to give you the opportunity to avoid potholes on dark streets about 10ft out at maybe 15mph . If I was going to be spending more hours on unlit streets at night I 'd opt for a stronger light , but for city life it works just fine .
 This light is just a bit smaller than I thought it was , -LRB- the picture made me think it was bigger -RRB- however , that makes no difference . It 's STILL as bright as the other reviewers said it was , -LRB- more for ` BEING seen ' , than ` seeing ' -RRB- but I had it on flash mode -LRB- which I usually do -RRB- and I could see it reflecting in signs -LRB- stop , playground , crosswalk , street , etc. -RRB- at least 2-3 blocks away , and this was only at dusk , with a little sunlight still peeking through ! This light may be small -LRB- which I like by the way -RRB- but it STILL gives off some VERY decent light . Since a few people mentioned that it had a bad mount , I wanted to test that . The mount itself IS rather touchy , and would seem to break easily . I think ` Planet Bike ' should work on that design . OTHERWISE , after I mounted it , -LRB- I needed to use some electrical tape to space it , and a ` zip tie ' to keep the clip on the ` quick-cam mount ' in place -RRB- I took it down some rough roads to see if it would stay in place , and it DID ! it 's a good light , and though I have ` nt exposed it to rain , yet -LRB- albeit I ride everyday , -RRB- i 'd recommend to anyone !
 This light has two practical safety functions : It helps make your presence on the road more apparent to on coming traffic . The light is bright enough from even a few hundred feet that a driver would have to be extremely oblivious and distracted not to see it.Perhaps more importantly , the light will illuminate street signs and signals that are made with a reflective material at distances of over 450 feet away -LRB- I measured using google maps -RRB- . When I first used the light -LRB- in flashing mode -RRB- , I was genuinely shocked to see how the street signs up to two blocks ahead of me were pulsating . I say that this is important because it helps you spot stop signs in the distance - assuming you 're being a safe cyclist , biking in a lane , with traffic , abiding by traffic laws , you 're probably most likely to get killed by accidently running a stop sign . When I bike home from work at night , I take streets that have no traffic lights and only stop signs , so being able to spot them is very important for me.The light attaches to your handle bar through via a mount ; the light can easily slid off the mount so you do n't have to bike around with it during the day , nor leave it on the bike when it 's parked outside.The light does what it needs to do for a reasonable price . I would n't hesitate to recommend it .
 I bought this to supplement/replace the existing headlight on my recumbent -LRB- which was mainly useful for letting others see me , not for letting me see -RRB- . This light works great ! I 've used it twice so far
 This review is more about the construction of the lamp than about how it actually works . That 's because I never got the chance to test it . I decided to get a lamp after mis-judging the time and having to bike through pitch-black woods for more than an hour . I do n't anticipate needing to use this lamp in the near future but I got it just in case.The lamp itself has a solid plastic construction and is waterproof . It 's compact and looks pretty slick . It has 3 LED 's that seem to be very bright -LRB- tested in a dark room -RRB- but the circle of light does n't seem to be very large . Does n't matter , in pitch-black darkness it is sure to light up the whole surroundings.I should also mention that the lamp can be easily slid off the holding mechanism , turning it into a regular flashlight.One thing bugs me about this lamp but it 's nothing serious
 Great Light!The mounting bracket gives me a little bit of trouble - gets loose and requires periodic adjustments . I think I will end up putting a couple of drops of GORILLA GLUE to secure it once and for all.But the light itself is TERRIFIC !!! In New York , I do not need to illuminate the road -LRB- street lamps are everywhere -RRB- . My goal is to be seen . I put it in blinking mode , and motorists can DEFINITELY see me now - from afar!In a few months , I must have had about 20 random people on the street asking me where I got this.It 's one of my best purchases lately .
 Fantastic product -- As others have said , it 's better for being seen than for seeing . That said , it is still very bright , and if it 's completely dark will illuminate your path . Seems to be a high quality unit , with a very impressive mounting bracket . I 've used it for a few hours total so far without replacing batteries .
 I bike 4 miles -LRB- one-way -RRB- to a suburban train station daily . My last head light was lifted off my bike . So I was looking for a replacement that is easy to remove and install . With Beamer 3 , I can do it in a couple of seconds . On the street , I use the flashing mode and car-drivers can see me well -LRB- they yield -RRB- . On the bike trail , where there is no other light source , I have to switch to constant mode and dip the angle of the light to see better . If you are in unfamiliar territories , the light may not be enough -LRB- or you have to go slower -RRB- . But it is definitely good for commuting purpose . I use rechargeable batteries for my Beamer 3 . After 4 weeks ' use -LRB- it was dark both ways most of the days -RRB- , I still do not need to recharge them . The Beamer 3 serves my needs well . Now that the price has dropped further since I got them -LRB- I bought two -RRB- , I highly recommend the Bearmer 3 for commuters .
 I cycle to work and I needed something for the dawn/dusk time period . This light is great ! The three LEDs are nice and bright and you can use rechargeable batteries with it . One simple button press turns it on in blinker mode , another press switches it to steady mode , and then another one turns it off.I keep it in blinker mode since I 'm more concerned with other people seeing me around dawn/dusk . It attached * very * easily to my handlebars and allows for quick and simple removal from the mount in case you are worried about parking your bike and someone stealing the light.I recommend using rechargeable batteries and keep an extra set of alkaline with you as backups in case you suddenly need them.If a piece breaks , you can go to Planet Bike 's website and order a replacement part . They state that in order to promote fixing something instead of throwing it away and buying a new one , they will waive the shipping fee ! Awesome .
 This light is much better than what I expected . Ditto everyone 's comments on the quality of the beam . I do n't normally use the flash mode . However , I recently got caught in a torrential downpour at night . I was already wet , so why not keep riding ? I put the light in flashing mode and it was great . The light is water tight even after twenty minutes in the hard rain . I would n't go so far as saying the mounting bracket is horrible , it just is n't the best design . Yes , it is adjustable , but only to varying degrees . You can tweak with the adjustments to it , but it clearly just does n't fit some bars . I tried for quite awhile to get it to fit my cruiser handlebars . I finally resorted to wrapping the handlebar with tape and then mounting it . I still kept it slighty loose so I can quickly adjust the light upward a bit for better visibility in flashing mode . Quite simply , this is a great light .
 I would 've given this five stars , but for some reason I had a hard time with the installation . I could n't get the mount to fit tight enough on my handlebar and when I hit a bump the light almost fell off!I fiddled with it a bit and finally got it on and am really happy with it now . It could be something wrong with me ...
 This is a great spot light , very bright , easy to install and does not move on the handlebar like some others claim . However , for road riding , perfect . But as far as mountain biking at night thru trails , not so good because is a spot light and you ca n't see on the sides very well . But a combination with this one and a helmet headlight , was the solution for me , so far so good . Very bright though . Merry Christmas to all .
 There is no better bike light than this one for under $ 20 dollars . The supplier was prompt with the delivery . he also kept me informed of the shipping status , I use this light on my road bike for commute in dark and busy road . I hope the light will protect me by its bright light .
 For what it is , the Planet Bike Beamer is an excellent bike light . Well engineered , durable , reliable head light . It is more about being seen rather than seeing the road . With my new road bike , when I 'm hitting 25-35mph at night , this simply does n't have enough light to see and avoid road obstacles that might cause flats . However , there 's a new light source in town . These are 1000 + lumen flashlights that use the Li-ion 18650 batteries and boy , those crank out the light . They cost about $ 23-35 depending on the lumens . Then you have to buy a bracket ~ $ 3.00 , a few batteries , special charger and I found both on an auction site and the bracket I like is basically a solid block of rubber with two velcro straps that each has a plastic buckle and are opposed 90 degrees from each other . Cranks out about 10x more light and the bracket is bombproof . It 's easy to remove the light so it ca n't get stolen . The light is all aluminum sealed housing and lens with o-rings making them waterproof , so for just a few bucks more , you can buy 10x more light and much better reliability . But , for the complete setup with batteries/charger/light / bracket , you 'll be in for over $ 50 . This light I can recommend as it is 50-65 % cheaper , but there is better light now available .
 I purchased 2 of theses lights . One for myself and one for the wifes bike . They install easily and securely . It has a constant on or blink . Can be seen from a long distance . This light is more to be seen than light your way .
 I went to the bike shop and they had one light for $ 50 . I saw this one and read the reviews first and have to say I agree with most of them for the money this is a very good light . I can see about 20 feet in front of my bike . The only thing I wish I could change is the on/off switch is hard to work especially when you have gloves on . When compared to paying over double the price I 'll deal with it .
 I got this bike light for keeping myself legal while biking to and from TAMU campus . The attachment seems sturdy and reliable , and the light attaches and detaches easily . While the light does n't provide too much field of view , it does light up a 5 foot oval about 10 feet in front of the bike . The flash setting saves battery , but quickly becomes annoying . Overall , this is a great purchase when paired with some rechargeable NiMH AA batteries .
 Really does the job . Comes with batteries , which is gets you going right away . One issue I had with it was mounting it on my Schwinn Katana road bike handlebar . The mount is made for handlebars greater than 1 inch , so be careful about that while selecting this product . It would have been nice if they supplied some shims . I just mounted on my tape which added some width and the light fits snug . Otherwise , great light . I love that you can easily snap it off and on for removal . That is just sweet .
 I like this product personally , not only for its good quality and less energy consumption but the cool outlook !
 I ride on the riverbed to go to the beach and a lot of the time its at night , so I decided it would be best to get a light that way I could see ! For being so cheap I did what you 're doing and started reading the reviews . Since it was so cheap I decided I would try it out and see for myself and quickly found out that it was an awesome deal . The light is a lot brighter than I expected and the battery life was excellent . I usually use it on the blink mode to conserve battery life and it really lasts a long time ! I had no problem with the mount or the light so this is a definite buy !
 I 've been purchasing various bike lights , but all of them did not focus in the middle , it 's like a spot light , I can see 20 feet in front of me at night now , so I can use my other lights as a blinkers . I liked it so much I just bought another one . I 've doubled it side by side , it 's quite bright , I can see more than 20 feet ... I wonder how it is with 3 of them side by side . I 'll probably take this light for my next spelunking adventure .
 I had a Cateye LED bike light that requires 4 AA batteries prior to ordering this . The Planet Bike light is much brighter than the Cateye and has a much wider area of illumination all while being in a smaller form factor . I 'm happy with the purchase .
 I 've been using my Beamer 3 for two weeks now on my daily commute -LRB- seven miles each way -RRB- and its a very good light at a good price.Mount - The mount is very tight and does n't slip . I think some of the reviews from people about the mount being too loose are incorrect because the instructions for the mount are n't very clear but if you look , you can adjust the strap and make it tighter . Mine 's been on for two full weeks now and has n't slipped a bitBrightness - I would compare the brightness of this to a small mag light flashlight . At the tail end of my rides home , it is VERY dark and I have no trouble seeing the road with my light . Most importantly , I 've been told I 'm highly visible from a long distance . Photos of my light in medium darkness
 The light was easily installed on my bike . Mount/unmount is very smooth . I like its compact design and bright light .
 For the price it is a good light , not too bright on a dark road but you do n't want to flash blind other people on a trail . Now if you are going to drive on a dark road all the time then I would recommend to get something with more power .
 Bought this on sale and it seems to be a very good light , It will be enough for those late day early evening riders and riding on cloudy days so you can be seen better.Not really a true `` Night '' riding light in pitch dark IMO but thats not why I bought it.Seems well made and is supposed to have a lifetime warranty whatever that means.So all in all would buy another .
 Very well engineered product -- the mounting system is brilliant . Pay no mind to other reviewers who complained about the mounting system -- they evidently ca n't read or follow directions . The system is almost completely no-tools-needed , -LRB- you MAY need a pocket screwdriver or tip of a dinner knife -RRB- , secure and adjustable to fit a VERY wide range of handlebar diameters . The light itself has both flashing and steady burn modes , throws a perfect circle of blue-ish light with no dark or dead areas in the pattern . . it is plenty bright enough for all my night riding requirements . I own 2 of these , one for my wife 's bike and my own . I especially appreciate the fact that I do n't have to constantly replace batteries as I did in our old , incandescent lights . I estimate batteries are lasting about 6X longer than my they did in my old battery hogs . BTW , prices on Amazon ca n't be beat ... I saw this light retailing for $ 40 in a local bike shop . Yikes .
 As others have said , this light is good for riding on lit streets . I do n't think I would want to use it as a sole source of light . You could probably do that , but you would have to ride pretty slowly . But , it does what it is designed to do . It makes the rider visible to motorists . It attaches easily and releases easily . The mechanism is actually very clever . However , you need to practice the release because if you just jerk on it , it could be broken .
 This light is quite bright . I main reason I got it is so cars can see me better but it 's quite nice to have the road illuminated on dark streets . You might want to get a bigger brighter light if you plan on riding on completely unlit streets regularly but this should do the job in most cases.I do n't know how long the batteries last , but I 've used my light daily for a couple of months now and it still seems to be going strong .
 This is just what I was looking for . Another great Planet Bike product . The light output and battery life is fantastic . Since I take it off when I get to my destination , I always have a handy flashlight . The only downside is that I ca n't adjust the quick cam mount to get the grip on my handlebars that I would like . A quick wrap of electrical tape should cure the problem .
 The light is very bright , and it can even lighten the guidpost beside the street . It makes me feel more safe at night .
 I 'm pretty happy with the LED bike light . It was easy to install , arrived at my house in a reasonable amount of time , and uses a common battery size . I was looking for a light that would not only make me more visable to traffic but would allow me to see better in low light areas . This product does that for a reasonable price . The light both flashes and stays constantly illuminated based on your preference . I used it almost every day for a month with no problems and the same batteries . I 'd buy this product again if I ever needed another bicycle light .
 This light is surprisingly bright for its size and is easy to mount . It uses two AA batteries , which is a reasonable choice for the 3 LEDs which power it . It allows for easy detachment from its mount should you need to park the bike away from home . Since I ca n't find any negatives for the product , I 've given it five stars .
 My wife had the beamer 1 , and that was a bright light . The beamer 3 is that much better . You ca n't go wrong with this light , and well worth the price .
 This little light does exactly what it needs to do.It 's bright , and the clip-on bracket means I can take it off the bike when I park at night and use it like a flashlight -LRB- very helpful for finding keys ! -RRB- .
 This is surprisingly versatile , you can use for odd surfaces . The beam is strong and reminds me of a car light on my car .
 This is a great little light . I loved it so much I bought another one . They sit in the center of my handle bars about 1.5 inches apart one on either side of the stem . During my morning rides to work I use them in blinking mode . More than one time , they caught the attention of motorists who had thoughts of pulling out in front of me before they saw the lights . They are very bright ; you ca n't miss them.At night when I use them in non-blinking mode the spot they create together is very bright . They use two AA batteries , which last a very long time . They are easy to set up . They rattle very so slightly in their respective holders , but after a while I do n't hear them at all . Rain does not affect them . Fantastic product .
 Comparing the Beamer 5 White LED light with the Beamer 3 White LED light , both are very good . The 5 LED light quality is quite white , the 3 LED has a blueish tint . Both are very bright to look at but , compared to the brightness of the light emitted , do not supply as much road illumination as might be expected . The 5 LED seems to have a longer throw.Contrary to other reports , I think the mounting brackets are well designed . Both the strap and the cam lock can be adjusted . Out of the box the brackets were oversized for my slightly less than 1 inch , 23 mm diameter handle bar -LRB- which is actually slightly oval shaped -RRB- . I simply pushed in the flexible strap two clicks and then made finer adjustments with the threaded cam lock , no tools needed . The brackets can be made to fit snugly yet still allow the angle to be adjusted while riding if desired.Both lights have a flash setting , and either are adequate in alerting others to your presence . While riding on rural , unlit roads and trails , I found my original purchase , the 5 LED , to provide less light than desired , so I purchased the 3 LED . Having done so , I compared the two lights using new batteries from the same package and measuring the same voltage . After comparing the lights , I am using both , one on either side of the handlebar stem . The configuration that works for me is having a low and high beam , the 3 LED serving as the low beam , the 5 LED as the high beam.Normally I use rechargeable batteries , and the battery life is very good with these LED lights . Battery recharging can be offset so that at least one of the lights will provide light even if the other fades . With two lights , one or both can be used in the flashing mode . This possibility could be especially useful if you are riding in a celebratory parade.If your riding is mostly in an urban/city area and want to be seen or simply be legal , probably either one of these lights will do the job . If you really need to see the details of what 's ahead you might consider two lights , as neither of these might do the job .
 These are great for an early morning bike ride . They adjust to fit on any size handle bars . The light is nice and bright , works very well .
 I like this light . It 's handy that it both flashes and has a constant beam . It swivels slightly on my bike no matter how tightly I put it on or how I wrap the posts . It 's bright enough for my commutes to and from work on pretty well-lit city streets .
 Light works great , very bright , replace the batteries no more than I would with any other light . I was riding home from work when the thing fell off my handle bars -LRB- this was my fault since I transferred it to a friend 's bike and did n't clamp it down all the way -RRB- . It rolled into the street and a bus ran over it ! Then these police officers laughed at me , so I pulled over and picked it up and it worked just fine . A few scratches but that 's it .
 This LED is real easy to put on your handle bars . The on button is placed right on top and is easy to press while riding . It provides great illumination . Definitely a decent bike light for the price .
 This bicycle light mounted relatively easily to the handle bars of my 20 '' folding bike , but you do have to unscrew it totally to get it on . The on/off button is easy to reach when riding . I really like that it uses 2 AA batteries instead of the button batteries some of the other lights use . I also was happy that the batteries were already installed when I took it out of the box , especially since it came with no instructions . This light is bright enough for me to be seen in the early evening . I have n't used it at night yet but have tested it in a dark house and it is very bright.The only little complaint is that you do have to totally unscrew the mount to take it off of the bike , and the little metal cylinder kept falling onto the ground . Since I do n't plan to take it off , I am thinking of adding a cable tie to make it more secure from theft .
 I bought this for my SPECIALIZED TARMAC road bike . It literally took me less than a minute to get on my bike , and produces enough light to make me feel safe while riding at night . I am not sure why the other reviewer was upset about the blinking setting being default ... it 's one extra click of the button to make it solid ... difficult ? I also personally like it , because I use it on the continuous light setting ... which means that one more push of the button turns it off ... so I do n't accidentally leave it on ...
 I am impressed by the amount of light that the Planet Bike Beamer bicycle light provides . If you ride at night , you should own put one of these lights on every bike in the family . I would recommend to everyone .
 The beam is very bright . Wish the default setting was steady light vs blinking , but not that big a deal . Handle-bar connection was a bit more work than I thought it needed to be ; not easy to attach/remove all the time . Better to attach and then leave it on .
 I 've now purchased 3 of these , these lights are very bright and visible from far away . The use of LEDs results in maximum battery life ; the first one that I purchased a year ago is still on the batteries that came with the light . Very useful and definitely can not leave the house without , especially now that the days are short , this . Highly recommended .
 This 3-LED Bicycle Light is great , with 2 modes
 This little light provides a crystal clear , bright , white light that is more than sufficient for night riding with street lights and very good in pitch dark conditions . I aim my solid beam so the light shines ~ 10 ' from my handlebars & it provides a sharp , bright circle of light ~ 3 ' x 5 ' in diameter . I can see perfectly well to avoid potholes and debris on the street and allows on coming cars to easily see me . I especially like the flash option for extra protection to alert cars to my presence , like when crossing a parking lot or on a single lane road . I have also used this in the woods at night and I could aim the beam out ~ 25 ' like a spot light to see thru the trees and then aim it down to avoid roots and stones . Worked like a dream ! I found the clip easy to use and secure
 Most of the above reviews are accurate ; I did n't see anyone mention the QUICK-RELEASE from the mount ; it slides off easily for use as SLEEK FLASHLIGHT and to prevent theft , and sorry if I 'm repeating one of the 200 + reviews . I think it 's worth emphasizing ! Excellent product !
 Works as advertised.Easy to setup.Easy to operate.Works well.Good price.Recommended ! - Christian
 Works fine , much brighter than the conventional light with a tungsten filament bulb that it replaced . Slight indents on each side of the light allows the light to be seen from the side - a nice safety feature . I do recommend it and only give 4 stars because the mounting mechanism was not as good as it should be . I had to use some parts of the light I replaced to get a good tight fit on my handlebars .
 I needed a bike light , I needed a bright bike light and I wanted it to be affordable and easily put on and taken off the bike . This fits the bill . It 's your standard bike light .
 The brightness is impressive for 3 LEDs . The lens is superb for focusing the beam even at a distance . I tend to only shine my light about 10 feet in front of my bicycle and it creates a diameter of -LSB- estimated -RSB- 4 feet . I was looking for a headlight that was good not just for visibility for motorists , but mainly for my OWN ability to see the path ahead of me . For the price I paid , it does it amazingly well . The added surprise of being able to unclip the light assembly from the bracket was certainly nice . I did n't realize that it 's two pieces.The reason for 4 stars is based on one reason only . The clamp-action is very solid and provides no compression whatsoever . This is important because that means the handle bars can not be `` squeezed '' , instead they can only be held . It 's hard to describe in words what that means , but I 'll share the fact that I wrapped the handle bar -LSB- one time -RSB- with a paper towel and THEN attached the ring-bracket over the paper towel . This provided enough cushion for the plastic ring-bracket to have a certain degree of compression to firmly hold the handle bar . Otherwise , with just the light attached to the bars , bumps and bangs on the road WILL cause the angle of the light to fall closer to your front tire.That was a long description for removing only 1 star from a rating , but it 's a rather valid reason.Otherwise , to repeat myself -- this is a perfect solution to a cyclists ability to see the path ahead of him . I would recommend it .
 See my other reviews for more info on Planet Bike items I 've purchased . This is the second bike light I 've bought , the first being a 2 LED model for my own bike . My wife has a 3-Wheel bike that takes up a little more road , so I wanted her to have a brighter headlight . This Beamer does not disappoint . It 's an ultra bright lamp with 3 stages of brightness -LRB- including the flash mode -RRB- . While the quick-clamp attachment is a little hard to get used to , it does secure the light well to the handle bar . This is a great item for a very fair price .
 I never ride at night around my area , because I really do not trust any drivers to see me , no matter what I am wearing or have on my bike.I recently rode in a 24 hour bike ride , to raise money for cancer . It was a closed course , and because of state law , I had to get lights for my bike.I did not want to spend a lot , as I was originally only planning to ride this race at night.But I found out how enjoyable riding at night actually is!This is a very easy to install light , that is very bright . It comes with the batteries , and I was able to install in about 3 minutes.It did not shift during my ride , and it was easy to adjust to give me the best view of what was ahead.If you are planning a night ride , this is a great light to use !
 This 3 LED model shines a perfectly round beam that you can actually see with -LRB- and others can see you -RRB- . Not 60 seconds after I turned it on the first time someone attempted to cut me off rushing into a parking lot . Until they saw this beam they were n't stopping . Being able to see the light from the side is just smart engineering . I 've purchased more Planet Bike products since this and the quality and design is consistantly Great . I get the impression that the people at Planet Bike actually care about the products they produce - it 's refreshing .
 This light ca n't be beat for the bargain it is , but if you are looking for more visibilty , so as not to get hit by someone like an A.D.D. driver texting a message far more important than your human life , you might want to look into another light or mount two of these . I mounted two , -LRB- they are really narrow , two fit just fine and you can flash one and burn the other steady -RRB- . They use 2 AA batteries and have a long run time , also the lights detach right off the quick mounts and are pocket size .
 I 've had mine for almost two years of heavy use . The light is very bright , providing a great deal of visibility and some illumination of the road in front , which is enough for the city , and batteries last a very long time . Most pleasingly , the mounting system is very durable and it seems likely that it will withstand several years of regular use . The unit appears to be impervious to rain . As with all of the gear I 've purchased from Planet Bike , a superior level of design is evident . A good , basic LED headlight .
 Very good product ... bought it after reading the reviews on here . I was still a bit skeptical about the actual quality of light which would come out of this bicycle light , but I was sure not dissapointed . The beam which comes out , is very bright and very focussed . It forms a small circle / elliptical shape on the light beam in front and very clear + bright . Has 2 modes - flashing and constant-onThe light can be seen ffrom a far distance away . The color of the light is white instead of yellow , so was easier to spot when far away . Like I said , its very bright and with the flashing mode , would definatly warn the drivers of your presence . A very good buy , you would not be dissapointed , go for it . Have not used the for the quick cam mount , just using it as a bike light on my handle bars ...
 Some reviews have mentioned problems with the mount being too loose . That 's not the case - the mount strap is adjustable and at its loosest setting out of the box . It retracts inward to tighten up , and there is a tab there to loosen it back up . I had no problems having a good , tight fit on my bike after adjusting the strap.The light is very bright and energy-efficient . In comparison , my previous equally-bright halogen headlight required two C batteries and lasted for a tiny fraction of the time.Overall excellent design .
 This is a great little safety light , but understand that it is a safety light . That is to say it is a `` see this and do n't hit me '' light vs. `` let me see what I 'm about to hit '' . Its not designed to illuminate the road in front if you , your need something with a lot more wattage and $ for that task . This little guy is designed to alert others to your existence so they do n't turn you into a hood ornament.I considered this unit vs. some of the smaller safety lights . I settle on this one for a couple of reasons1 - It takes 2x AA batteries vs. 2x `` N '' cells which can be a pain to find .2 - It seems way more durable . Good solid plastic -LRB- yea , its still plastic -RRB- .3 - Changing the batteries is very easy and does n't require any tools or frustration . The front of the unit rotates , unlocks comes off .4 - I 'm going to guess its better weather sealed than the other units .5 - Its brighter but not too bright , I ride with a group at night and I did n't want the flashing thing to give off too much like as this can be distracting in some scenarios.On the down side it is bigger , bulkier and heavier than some of the smaller units , but that 's the price you pay for AA.The light it puts out seems adequate for the job . Its equal to a medium grade LED headlamp . The button is a bit hard to push but wo n't be accidentally activated . The first push makes it flash , the second push is steady and the next push turns it off.The mount is nice in that it does n't require a screw driver to mount , though it is a bit more complicated . I was a bit concerned that it would n't fit on my oversized handlebars but it had enough play.The mount is adjustable in two ways . First there is a click slide -LRB- kind of like a zip tie -RRB- that lets you make adjustments by sliding a plastic belt into a click buckle -LRB- you can always lift it up and let it out -RRB- . Then there is the mounting screw . It 's a bit complicated but it threads into a rotating block at the top . By adjusting the amount of screw that goes through the block you increase or decrease the diameter of the mount . The final torque is applied with a flip lever that holds the other half of the screw . So you get it close with the sliding band , then do the find adjustments with the screw and lock it down with the flip lever . Complicated but saves the need for a screwdriver . There is also small rubber sleeve on part of the band to help prevent slippage.So in summaryProsDurableUses AA batteriesGood outputEasy to change batteriesConsBigger than othersTough switch.ConclusionIf your looking for a safety light that runs on AA 's look no further . They make the 5 LED version for a few bucks more , not a significant difference in output though .
 I recently got this product as a gift because I ride my bike at night . It surprised me how bright this light is for how small it is . I like the easy , 1-button operation that switches between Blinking , Solid , and Off . The light slides off the clip quickly and doubles as a flashlight if you 're ever in need of one . Overall I think this is a good product , they just need to rework the bracket a little bit -- it 's a little funky but I got it to fit right after messing with it for a while .
 I bought this light after suffering through several department store purchases . I ca n't believe how much money I could have saved if I had just bought this light to begin with . It is very well made and gives a good solid light . I noticed too that it was a bit loose on the handle bars even though I did tighten the strap as suggested by another reviewer . Electrical tape solves the problem . I 'm even thinking of buying another one so I can have dual headlights .
 it works fine . bright . only problem is it 's too big for my handle bar so it slides around but i put some plastic between it and the bar and that solved things .
 This light really lights up the road well . It 's easy to install . Some have mentioned it do n't fit tight enough on the bar handle . I just wrapped some electrical tape around the bar enough so when I installed it on my bar it was snug .
 I bought two of these and used them once so far . They fulfill the purpose , makes the biker visible from a distance . In addition , I 've detached and used them as lights when tent-camping and found them very useful . There batteries seem to last a long time and I am using regular alkalines .
 I purchased this light for my new mobility scooter -LRB- TravelScoot -RRB- and have attached it to the space at the top of the T bar . It was easy to attach and tighten , yet I can still tilt it to adjust where the beam lands . It 's easy to turn on and off . Being able to remove the light to use as a flashlight is also a great feature .
 Light is great quality . Shines a nice bright beam in front of you to see clear at night . Snaps on and off easily . The mounting bracket could be better . It does n't seem to tighten down as firm as it should , but at least it stays in place okay .
 I love the light . It appears to be very well made and solid . The only drawback I noticed is my handlebars are pretty small in diameter and I had a hard time getting the bracket adjusted in order to secure the light to the handlebars but it seems to be staying on just fine now . The quick release removal feature for the light is nice when you are leaving the bike somewhere so no one can steal the light . I 'm glad I bought this .
 So far so good . I 've only used this light three times , but it works like a charm and provides more light than the light I had prior . It creates enough light to actually see what 's in front of me .
 I live in an urban area and ride mostly on lit streets . I need something that will make me seen . This light does that well.I also have two primary bicycles . The Quick Cam mount really works well if you 're planning on switching the mount between bikes . The mount is n't as solid as one that you affix permanently , it will not hold steady if you 're on a lot of bouncy terrain , but that rarely is an issue for me.Overall , I 'm very happy with this light and it does its job well .
 Fine headlight . Bright beam and suitable for ordinary bicycling , assuming you do not bicycle a lot on dark and narrow roads -LRB- where bicycles with any amount of lighting would be dangerous -RRB- . My gripe was with the tricky and complicated mounting . It has a screw mechanism for adjustment of a tightening strap , which must be latched in place . It was hard to figure out , but then proved too weak on its own to stay in place satisfactorily . The fix is easy , though . Tape your handlebar with a friction tape that will prevent the mounting strap from rotating . I would buy this one again , but the manufacturers could have saved me a lot of annoyance . They should have supplied a short rubber strip , as some other bike handlebar device manufacturers do .
 I used this several times already . I had absolutely no problem with the mounting bracket and found it fairly easy to install . The light is bright enough to light my path in pitch black . Great little light for anyone looking to keep safe at night .
 This is a durable , water-resistant , utility bike light that is a very good value for the price . It is not intended to light your way if there are no street lights ; it 's not quite bright enough to move at normal speed if it 's the only light . It 's for visibility . Most states require a front light on a bicycle , and this fits the bill . It has a flashing mode -LRB- which I use almost exclusively -RRB- that aids in drawing attention . It has a quick-release tab so you can take it off when parking , and the mount is very easy to adjust . I have used this for two years -LRB- and its successor , which has 1 LED , for two years also -RRB- , rain and shine , almost every day for my commuting and neither has taken any water damage or ever shut off for any reason , weather or otherwise . This is a solid product .
 I am a research student so have to work till late night . I bike about 5.5 miles each day through the city . I use this light and found it very effective . I fully recommend this !!
 The light is better than what I have expected for the price . I like it a lots and brought two of them . I would say with that it is a bargain for the money I spent .
 I have a GT avalanche 3.0 . Fits perfectly well on the handle bar and stays tight . It has a very adjustable size system on the mounting system . I do not know the maximum but it fit perfectly for me . The light is very bright a provides a perfect circle in front of you . I do n't know about the battery life as i 've only owned the product for only a week . There 's two different on settings , 1 -RRB- fast blinking 2 -RRB- constant on . I 'm sure i 'll put the light to more use when day light savings is over . This light will definitely light up the road in front of you at night and you will be very noticeable to oncoming cars . Hope this helps !
 This light is all you 'll really need if you want to be seen . In the flash mode , it gets drivers attention well before they are anywhere near you . No need to spend more money . This light will do the job .
 I just received this great little light from Amazon today and had it on my bike within 20 minutes . That included taking off my old light . I could n't hardly wait until it got dark outside tonight to try this out . I just got back from an hours ride and this light is all that the other reviewer say it is , but even better in my opinion . I thinks it 's plenty bright to see anything in front of me , bright enough to see things on sidewalks and certainly more than bright enough for anyone to see you coming from afar . The darker it is , the better you can see with this thing . When coming down the street on the flash mode , every reflective tail light on cars and stop signs for a block and a half were flashing along with the light . And , I stopped at my daughter 's house and used it as a flash light to help my grandson find a toy he left outside in the backyard . It is easily removed from the mount and reinstalls just as easily . It 's small size is deceiving ... you can put it in your pocket and forget it 's there . This thing is so bright you ca n't look directly at the beam . I highly recommend this light .
 Light works great , very bright ! Adjusts to fit a wide variety of handle bars , and very light weight . Great product !
 I bought this after looking at many other products . One advantage with LED powered lights in this product is that , battery life is significantly longer than a same rating filament bulb . You can buy a filament bulb bicycle light little cheaper than this but this product saves battery life . So the price and the power saving was my main reasons to buy this product .
 Over the years , I tried several different headlights for my bike . Some were too heavy , some would n't mount easily , some were n't bright enough , some ate up batteries , I experienced a good deal of frustration and spent a good deal of money . Then I got this one . Now I 've bought it several times , as gifts , to replace mine that were stolen -LRB- twice , as I recall -RRB- . I do n't want to shop anymore , this is the light for me . Lightweight , reasonably priced , nice mounting system , easily detaches -LRB- did I mention that it was stolen off of my bike ? -RRB- . I use NiMH batteries and I think I probably charge twice a year . Maybe less . Granted I do n't ride my bike every night , but neither do you , right ? There 's also a one-LED version that uses even less batteries . Anyway , I highly recommend it .
 excellent light and a great value . The mount at first seemed difficult to place , but if you are patient and read the instructions , you will learn how to install it with out any problems.the brightness factor is important . In the $ 20 price range , you ca n't beat it ! it is enough to light up street signs and reflective parts of the road . the path is a bit more dim , but brighter closer to the bike . but most importantly , it will for sure alert car drivers , as it can be seen clearly for a good 200 yards . the light has a blue-ish tone to it.Also , this light is light weight , especially for its size . It is much better than the sigma trilet , which I returned .
 Check out the specs ! This sleeping pad folds down to a size comparable to a quart-sized Nalgene bottle and weighs just over a pound . It blows up to 2.5 inches thick and it 's still incredibly tough and plenty long enough for my 6 ' frame.I 've been slimming down my backpack for some Hill Country -LRB- central Texas -RRB- backpacking and needed a compact pad that was well-insulated and thick enough to protect me from the rocks , shale , burrs , and cactus found in most Texas state parks . I could have gone lighter by getting a thinner pad or one of the half-length pads to only pad my upper body . I could also have gone with an easier solution in one of the self-inflating pads . Altogether , the Big Agnes REM Mummy 2.5 had the best set of features for what I needed . I 'll go through the features and my decision criteria for you : - It 's not self-inflating . This means the pad folds down smaller and weighs less since self-inflating pads often use expanding filler to suck in air when the stopper is opened . That filler takes up more space than if you were just going to fill it with air . - It 's insulated . This is what made the trade-off with self-inflating worthwhile for me . Self-inflating pads generally provide the best insulation from cold ground . They also have tougher bottom surfaces . This pad is well insulated and is made of a tough fabric that has - so far - stood up well to roots and cold , sharp rocks . I still clear away anything sharp before laying on the pad . - It 's full-length , yet mummy shape . The mummy shape shaves off excess surfaces , which means excess weight and excess size when folded . I use a mummy sleeping bag , so I wo n't run the risk of rolling off the edge . - It 's 2.5 inches thick ! I have to pay a bit more attention to the ground conditions -LRB- sweep away burrs and cactus -RRB- , but this sturdy 2.5 '' pad feels great on even the roughest ground . I can roll on my side without feeling rocks grind into my hip and I can watch the stars without resting my tailbone on a root.Very comfortable , light , and relatively tough . This pad meets my needs well .
 My husband and I bought this set a month ago as a an activity for our family `` activity night . '' We shopped around a long time before deciding on this set , including in stores as well as online . It arrived quickly and we set it up the next day . Everything conveniently came in a travel bag . The net was easy to set up and is quite sturdy -LRB- we have n't taken it down since we 've got it and it has survived a few windstorms just fine -RRB- . It has strong nylon tension ropes that support the main poles that you hammer into the ground and are adjustable to make either tighter or loser once in the ground . We have also used the net to play volleyball as well . The 4 rackets themselves are very durable and are made very well - the birdie has n't once got stuck in between the top part of the racket . It also comes with 3 standard birdies.All in all , we are very happy with our purchase . We did n't need anything fancy , just a standard badminton set and that is what this is . We are going to enjoy this for many years to come !
 Great fun . Product is still in great condition after a summer of fun with many kids . Easy to set up and install . All materials are weather proof and have withstood the heat and rain . Great great item .
 It was exactly what I was looking for . My girlfriend , who 's child I bought it for , kept asking me where I got it . He loved it so much she had to fight him to take it off that night ! I win ; -RRB-
 I ordered this bag as a workout bag and it 's great . It 's maybe just a touch too big , but not so much as to detract from its usefulness as a workout bag , in fact , the little extra size makes it a bit more versatile . I could pack for a brief getaway or put a couple changes of clothes in it . The quality of construction is very good and I do n't have any issues with the handles like some other reviewers . I have n't had it that long so there 's a chance the handles could wear a to a point where they easily disconnect . I do n't think it would be too hard to correct in that case anyway ... a couple stickers on the inside handle would provide the necessary friction to hold them together securely .
 A well made and functional bag . The bag did stink of made in china plastic type of chemicals when I first received it , but after a month the bag has lost most of that offensive odor . I use the shoulder strap carrying the bag and would have preferred a more padded strap but that 's just me being picky . Top Bag and I would buy another , hopefully not for a good while .
 The bag is awesome because it is durable , stylish , and roomy . The shoe compartment takes up too much space in the bag , but otherwise I am glad I bought it .
 This red bag is perfect for the gym workout or whatever your needs are . Its well made . I 've been using it for last 8 months and I love it .
 Great looking bag , love the pockets everywhere . Perfect size for work . I was happy to see the `` shoe '' pocket did n't invade the large middle pocket . It just is a synthetic fabric that squishes up . I wo n't use the shoe pocket so I was worried about that . top grade zippers and fabric . Will buy again if/when it wears out .
 I have been using this bag for over a year and it has held up great . It still looks brand new , despite carrying it to work and the gym on an almost daily basis . Well worth the money !! There is plenty of room for a pair of sneakers , a gym outfit , a towel and more ... Great bag !! Update
 I 've had this gym bag for about 6 months now and have been really happy with it . In addition to being well made , it has a ton of storage space and lots of different compartments , which really helps me keep things organized . The lockers at my gym are not huge , but this bag will fit in with my coat , work clothes , and shoes . All in all , a very nice gym bag .
 This is a great bag . The right size for my need . It is very well made with good zippers and shoulder strap . It looks great . The pockets are sufficient without being gimmicky . No complaint at all . I expect to get 5-10 years of use out of it .
 I use this Bag for the Gym . It has all the compartments I need to change from Street Clothes to Gym Clothes including compartments for Wallet , Change and IPod . I especially like the handle with the quick clasp istead of the velcro type handles . Although this may be my personal preference , it was the selling point for me .
 I purchased this bag because I have a back pack made by OGIO , well my pack is about 6 years old and its built like a tank so I figured the gym bag would be of equal quality , well sadly it was about half as heavy duty . its still a very nice bag but the zippers do not work smooth at all like my pack , the zipper that goes around the top seems to get stuck and I have to play with it a little to get it to unzip or zip which ever way I am going . It is not a big bag it has enough room for a med towel , tee shirt , shorts , and shoes . That is about it . I can take my gym clothes out and put my work clothes in which are pants and usually a polo type shirt . over all I am pleased with the bag , the zippers are not very good quality , nothing at all as good as my old pack.I would still buy this one again only if it were a bit cheaper , next time I would probably try the other major brand gym bag that I have seen on Amazon.the handles snap into each other but once you change position of the bag they pop open so that was a waste of plastic , there is a small pocket for an mp3 player or cd player it is also pretty much a waste of add on . the best feature of the bag is the fact that you can separate your shoes from the rest of your items inside the bag , the end of the bag unzips and you can slide your shoes into the bag .
 The bag is typical Ogio , very well constructed . I use it mainly to carry workout clothes and an extra pair of shoes . It serves that purpose well . I 'm a light packer , so I could probably make this work for a weekend , but I 'd have to leave the shoes out . The front zippered compartment has ample room for chargers , toiletries , or whatever you might need that 's small . There 's an MP3/phone slot on the back , that I do use to store my phone it . Zippered compartment on either end , one for shoes that goes into the main compartment , and one that more small storage.Very happy with the bag , I 'm sure I 'll get years of use out of it , my only complaint would be it could be a tad bit larger . For single change of clothes type stuff , it 's perfect .
 I was struggling to find a bag the right size with quality materials/construction and a wet pouch that expand to the interior . This has a little board on the bottom that keeps it 's shape , so there is not much chance that you will be able to stuff this into a standard gym locker without putting it on it 's side - not a big deal , but it do n't think you are getting a bag that easily reduces to a shapeless heap.Many have commented on the plastic clasps on each of the two small handles that fit together . I did n't think it would be a problem , but it is annoying that the handles just barely have enough length to fit together - actually they do n't really even have barely enough length , because with a full bag you must pull and pucker the top of the bag a little to get the two clasps to fit each other -LRB- this takes two hands to do -RRB- . You can just grab the two handles and carry the bag without worrying about fitting them together , but then it is a rather uncomfortable feeling . If the straps of the two small handles were longer , you could grab the bag with one hand and easily shift the plastic clasps around and get them to snap together within a couple of steps as you walk away.The little zipper pocket for an mp3 player is nice , and has a hole for earphones to stick through , but I do n't use it . I do use the wide pocket behind the OGIO logo to store my stereo bluetooth headphones and a wrist brace.It is a nice bag , and would be perfect if the handles fit together easier , but I mostly use the shoulder strap , so it is not a deal breaker , but I like to grab my bag quickly with one hand and this bag make that action a nuisance .
 It a nice bag I 'm glade i spent the money on it . The shoe compartment is main reason I got this bag . the handle to carry bag is pretty cool , it snaps together and is just like handle on regular luggage bag . I do n't see anyway for it to pinch you skin . It makes a great shower bag for truck driver . That what I 'm going to use it for
 I do not know why it is called an `` All Terrain '' duffle bag but it is completely suited to my needs of packing what I need to go the gym for a work out . The main part of the bag has a `` U '' shaped zippered top that works very easily . In fact all of the zippers on the bag are heavy duty and can take a good solid tug . The `` U '' shaped opening allows easy access to the very simple interior of the bag , which is nice . No inside pockets or sleeves , just open space to put shoes , towels , gym shorts , shirts or whatever . It does have two zippered pocktes on each end . One I use as a dry storage for placing my workout book and/or wallet and keys . The other has a long sleeve that can extend into the main part of the bag . It is advertised as being waterproof so it is great for placing a wet towel along with a swim suit after the work out . It does work as advertised . And , after it is home and unpacked , the sleve can be pulled out for thorough drying . It also has a good sized outside zippered pocket that I use for storing my sandals . They are size 12 and fit easily . On the other side is a small outside zippered pocket that I use for storing a brush and deoderant stick . The next item , which seems trivial , is on each end of the bag is a plastic loop . It is there for attaching a shoulder strap , which I do not use . Instead , I have found it a very convienient place to put my padlock on one side and the key on the other . So everything is together . I just grab the bag and head out the door . You would certainly not want to pass up any ephemeral urges to head to the gym for a workout.One last thing to comment on - the handles . These are two separte parts that snap together over the center of the bag . They are nice and solid.Overall , I would definitely recommend this bag to anyone looking for a mid sized duffle bag .
 I got this bag for a 2-3 day trip , either in the car or plane . I have a gym bag , and it would suit that purpose just as well . It has the pockets as advertised
 There are so many products on the market today , it is sometimes difficult to make a good choice . I took a chance on this bag to be used as a gym bag . I wanted something sturdy , light weight with compartments for shoes , ipod , clothes . lock , towels and water bottle . I did not want a large cumbersome bag . This bag is just what I needed . It meets all the requirements I had .
 its a little stiff as to be expected , i can fit SOOO much in the shoe pocket ... i thought it would only fit shoes but ive put my wet shower shoes in there as well as dirty gym shoes and still had room for sweaty clothes and a towel . other side pocket is cool its a good size . i like the front poclet to with dividers in it and there is also a cool media pouch at the top ... people SAY the handles are hard to get together but they must be stupid because its the easiest handle ive ever used ... To be HONEST probably the best thing ive ever bought from Amazon
 I like the separate compartment for your shoes , the comfortable handle and the side compartments for things like your shampoo .
 It is a bag , so it 's hard for me to get too excited about , but the zippers are good quality and it has held up well . It is a convenient gym and travel bag .
 I use it exclusively for the gym but I 'm sure it is adaptable to other uses . A extremely well-made bag , with neat features like the external ipod pocket .
 For The Money , I Strongly Recommend This Ogio Bag . Bigger Would Be Too Big , It 's Just About Right In All Regards . Cool Carrying Handle Too As Well As Nice Shoulder Strap . I 'm Very Happy With Mine And Would Buy Again .
 I used a previous version of this bag for about 7 years so when I started looking for a new one I was really happy to see that OGIO still made it . It has been updated with heavier zippers , dual zippers on the ends of the bag and the plastic handle . I really like the mesh pockets inside the large front zippered pocket .
 this bag is very well constructed , just the right amount of pockets for storage . this is a large bag , very roomy . son uses it for baseball equipment and uniform and he is very happy with it .
 It was just what I was looking for . Something well made with different compartments for items like shoes . The two handles that fit together on the hand straps is a nice feature . If I was to lose this bag , I would quickly buy another .
 Unfortunately the 25 % that I do n't care for is fairly important , the handle . The handle is molded plastic and is supposed to be `` interlocking '' . I like that the handle is plastic , but it really does n't `` interlock '' very well . As soon as you set the bag down , the handle comes apart and you have to put it back together again before picking it back up . Other than that , it 's a great bag . Perfect size , great pockets/storage -LRB- including separate shoe compartment & audio pocket -RRB- , and it 's lightweight . If the handle worked the way it was supposed to , I believe it would be the perfect duffle bag .
 I bought this when going on a trip for a long weekend . It is a good size for a long weekend -LRB- 3 pairs of clothes or so plus all your toiletries . The bag that comes out of the side to help make the bag bigger really only makes it awkward to carry . It does work for soft thing . Decent bag otherwise
 Excellent bag but not quite as large as I needed -- hard to get jogging shoes , sandals and other gear in , but I will use . Lots of pockets -- end opposite shoe pocket , front pocket with two mesh pockets . Lacks outside mesh pocket , however . Still best sports duffel I found .
 I checked out a variety of gym/duffel bags and found this to be a larger size bag , good quality and not too expensive .
 I ride the bus so I do not have a car to `` store '' my gym clothes while I am in class or at work . This little bag is just right . I love the side compartments ; the one for my shoes is nice because I do n't have to wear sneakers all day , and it keeps the dirt and whatnot from the track away from my clothes , the other compartment easily holds my shampoo/conditioner/hair make up stuff . The main compartment has plenty space ; I could easily fit in several days of workout clothes and still have plenty of room for a towel . Lastly , the front is perfect for holding all my whatnots -LRB- gym card , keys , mp3 player , hair ties , post workout shacks ... -RRB- . Anyways , this a great bag , and definitely a keeper in my books .
 This bag is GREAT ! I did a lot of reading / researching before settling on this bag and this bag turns out to be as good as the advertising described . High workmanship quality to this bag . The size is very good , I actually can fit in about 4 to 5 changes of cloths in here . The separate air-holed shoe carriage compartment is a great idea so I no longer have to mix in my stinky shoes with my clothes . THe shoulder strap is comfortable , but perhaps the only point I would take off is for the plastic clasp handles . They are sometimes hard to work with , especially if you just want to grab the handles and run . However , I do like the handle 's `` locking '' mechanism . All in all , this is a very great bag for this price . It can not be beat !
 This bag totally exceeded my expectations . Has just the right amount of pockets in different sizes to organize my shoes , clothes , ipod , lifting gloves , wallet etc. . Makes it so much easier to find what I need quickly . Took a suggestion from a previous poster to use Eagle Creek Pack it Folder -LRB- 15 -RRB- to carry my work clothes . The folder fits perfectly in the bag , keeps my clothes wrinkle free and eliminates the need to carry clothes on a hanger . I also use a pack it half cube to organize socks , belt and other smaller items . The hard plastic handle is cool the way it interlocks and is so much easier to open and close than velcro handles . The carry strap is comfortable and there are plastic d-loops on either side where i hang my combo lock and snap link with gym id tags . Not too big , not too small , just perfect is all i can say .
 I waited months to purchase a new gym bag to replace my old off brand bag and after countless research I finally decided to purchase the OGIO All Terrain Duffel based on the great reviews.There were a few things I wanted to make sure of :1 -RRB- Ample space -- I take two make-up bags , curling iron , and all my work clothes , Kindle and IPOD to the gym on a daily basis and it was really difficult to find a bag to fit all of those items and still fit into a standard gym locker . This bag holds everything and still has room for some extra 's in the side and front pocket !! 2 -RRB- Holds it 's shape -- There is nothing worse then trying to put all of your items into a bag to only have the bag continually deflate as you are trying to rush and gets your clothes etc. . packed up . This was an unexpected suprise on how pliable the bag could be to fit into a locker , yet continue to hold it 's shape so I could easily get all my belongings stored away in a neat and orderly fashion .3 -RRB- Comfort -- due to the amount of items I take everyday , having a comfortable , well built shoulder strap was a must . This bag does n't disappoint . The shoulder pad is nice and comfy and the best part it stays put , it does n't slide down the strap everytime the strap is down.All in all this bag is worth every penny , and I would highly recommend it !
 My daughter needed a bag for her Basketball team gear . She wanted room for wet clothes , shoes and a pocket for phone and Ipod and stuff . This bag has been great . It of course had to look good and function as well , If you are on a team and need a good well thought out bag this is a good option.Top pocket opens largee enough to see everything . Wet pockets are big enough to fit shoes . End pocket holds water bottle and snacks . Plastic clips make closing easy with a comfortable handle .
 I had a gym bag in grad school -LRB- Nike -RRB- that lasted for like 10 years . It was spectacular . The bag never got old , really , but I became bored with it . So last year I bought a new Adidas bag . Big , roomy and pink . Oh yeah , and constructed like crap . It started to fall apart within 6 months . Plus it was just TOO big and had no interior pockets . So I started researching a new bag about 2 months ago and found this one . It 's big enough to fit my clothes , makeup , shoes and all the other stuff I need post-workout and yet not bulky . I would say it 's `` just right . '' And it has lots of neat interior and exterior pockets -LRB- one for the ipod on the exterior , which I appreciate -RRB- . It feels fairly well-constructed so I hope to have a long and lasting relationship with this bag !
 I did n't expect much out of this bag , but I 've been very pleased with it.Pros - Inexpensive , but does n't feel `` cheap '' . Material is strong , and the zippers are good quality . - The wet pocket expands internally to a large space . I use it for all my workout clothes -LRB- shorts/shirt/boxers / socks -RRB- - Strap is padded and comfortable - Looks goodCons - None so far
 I often travel on short business trips -LRB- 2-3 days -RRB- , so I wanted a medium-sized duffle bag that was durable and had a separate compartment for my 2nd pair of shoes . The Ogio All Terrain duffle bag looked it would fit the bill , so I ordered it hoping that I can use it on an upcoming trip . The bag is actually as good as I expected after reading all the previously posted reviews . I definitely has a inner `` pouch '' where you can insert a pair of shoes from one end of the bag -LRB- good sized pouch too -RRB- , and if you do n't need it you can just compress that pouch no problem . There 's a small zippered compartment on the top of the bag for an iPod or media player with a small hole for the earbud cable . The bag has another zippered compartment on the opposite end of the bag and a large zippered compartment in the front of the bag with some meshed pockets.The bag has a semi-rigid piece at the bottom of the bag , and it seems sufficiently large enough for me to pack away on pair of sneakers , toiletries bag , clothes , etc. for a 2 or 3 day trip . Most of the bag has canvas material on the outside with nylon fabric on the inside . The top of the bag is only nylon , but it still seems durable enough for normal traveling . The only negative I could see is the anchors on the ends of the bag where you 'd attach the shoulder straps . These anchors are made of plastic , where I 'd prefer to have them made of metal for durability . Same goes for the clips on the ends of shoulder strap -LRB- plastic also -RRB- . It may not be a problem , as the plastic seems pretty hard . But , time will tell on how durable they are.So all-in-all I 'm happy with the Ogio bag and I believe it will serve its purpose as my 2-3 day travel bag . The price was right , and the company that I purchased it from shipped the product very quickly !
 This bag fits in all the gym lockers . I work out all over California with my 24-Hour Fitness membership . Your gym shoes have their own spot , I put some magazines on the bottom in case I 'm going to be on the elliptical for a while . Then there 's room enough for 2 sets of gym clothes , towels in the main area . I put my keys , ID and lock in the front area and dirty clothes in the side pocket . Very cool !
 Overall I really like this bag - plenty of room for workout clothing/shoes , a protected , expandable side bag for wet stuff , and a couple of handy side pockets . The only feature I do n't like are the handles . The older Ogio bags had handles that actually snapped together and stayed that way . The handles now are still sturdy plastic , but nest together instead of clipping - they are always coming apart . Otherwise , very happy with it .
 This was a risky purchase because there was no picture available . We did so because the price could n't be topped . Well , the risk certainly paid off . We bought the set for our 8-year-old daughter for her birthday . We had family visit over the Memorial Day holiday and had an absolute blast . We played several games and all of the equipment still looks great . The wood on the mallots is a darker color , which makes the set richer in appearance . There was one casuality , however . The white wickets are not very durable . We had one that came unsoldered . My husband did solder it back together quickly . Other than that , we definitely recommend this product !
 Got this watch to remember my spiritual practices , called hourly practices as a student of STEPS TO KNOWLEDGE
 My handlebars were too low , so I shopped around a bit , and this is where I found it the cheapest . It 's a very good quality stem riser . It also comes with a long bolt and everything , so it will work , even if your fork stem is low . It does n't come with a star nut , though . -LRB- It 's the little thing in the fork stem the holds the fork from falling out of the frame . -RRB- Overall , it 's a really swift setup for those with a threadless headset and need a few more inches.The part came quicker than I thought , too , so I think they 're a pretty good seller .
 I now have two of these . They are perfect for mounting scopes , bore sighting , and other gunsmithing / cleaning needs .
 This Tipton Gun Vise is a good product for the money spent . It does the job just as advertised . It sets up quickly out of the box . I would recommend this product to a friend . Amazon sent this in a couple of days from the order date . I am very happy with this Gun Vise .
 Solid & rugged . Even though it 's mostly plastic , it 's very thick , heavy plastic . Holds a rifle in place nice and tight , has rubber-coated surfaces at all gun-to-vise contact points .
 Really like this rest . No complaints , works great . Clamp holds well without any damage to gun . Got for real good price .
 Ca n't comment on its usefulness for other rifles but for a modern bolt rifle this is the way to go . . plenty of padding to protect , and easy to lock down and remove the rifle .
 This gun vise is a must have for a gun enthusiast who does his own piddling . It is not for a gunsmith , but works very well for its intended purpose . It is well built , well thought out and holds a multitude of guns securely , and lastly , the price is right . I would buy it again .
 Does very good , would be nice if it was a little bit heavier but that can be easily resolved . Super buy for the money !!!!
 Looking for a quality gun vise . I can recommend this one . It 's well made and everything fits perfectly . I use it for cleaning and working on a Remington 870 and Remington 700 . It is beyond a doubt the finest piece of equipment I have used . You can not go wrong with this purchase from Amazon . Also , I must recommend Amazon as one of the best companies to do business with .
 This is n't the perfect professional solution , but for my small collection it seems to hold everything just fine for normal cleaning . My Mosin , SKS , and various pellet/BB guns all fit good -LRB- all with standard style stocks -RRB- . My AR , with pistol grip , works but the fit is not ideal .
 Well thought out and designed , and of excellent manufacture . Securely holds rifles rightside up , as well as the other way round , and the cleaning rod holder is very useful .
 This vice may prevent you from scratching or otherwise damaging your gun and or scope . Good deal for the money
 Vise works great for the most part . When using rifles with cheek rests , the rifle is not held in place as securely . Over all , it is a good purchase and I am glad I bought it .
 Bought this for my son as a Christmas gift . He said it was perfect for cleaning and working on his rifle and shotgun . Price was very reasonable . Well made . Looks like it will last a long time .
 Definitely stay away from Wood or plastic gun vices They are either top-heavy cheap or will break , metal is the only way to go And my opinion , I bought this for mine brother in law Which he and I r both use it and we love it . The only other gun vice I would buy is the Tipton Best gun Vise .
 My husband and I love this ! It is durable and works great for working on our rifles and shot guns . The padding is a great quality and the &#34; cups &#34; on the vice for parts is so handy .
 Was exactly what I was looking for to hold my rifles for cleaning and scope mounting . Very solid and easy to use .
 I bought this as a gift for someone , only because I own the same one , and it 's probably the single most useful gun cleaning accessory I own . Very easy to use , and incredibly helpful for both cleaning and working . I 'm able to use all my long guns , from rifles to AR 's to shotguns . The upgrade model is designed to handle breaking barrel/receiver guns better -LRB- friends have it and love it -RRB- , but I get along just fine with the original.A great buy and essential in my opinion for long gun owners .
 I needed a gun vise for a few projects so I purchased the Tipton Gun Vise . I really was n't expecting much because of the plastic construction but when I opened the box . I was surprised at the ruggedness of the vise and the quality that was built into the vice . The instructions included with the vice were a little vague but after a little hands on with the assembly instructions , I got it put together . All in all it is a nice piece of equipment and for what I have to do with my shooting projects , I think it will do a good job .
 I bought this vise for my husband . I was debating for a while on this one or the higher end model , I 'm happy with my choice . This item is made well and easy to put together out of the box . My husband has a wide range of guns from AKs to shotguns and every gun fits and is held nicely in this vise . I 'm so happy I do n't have to hold a gun steady on the table so he can unscrew things anymore ! It was a great purchase .
 The construction of this vise is pretty good , not the best but does work well for holding rifles to clean and mount scopes etc. . But when you try and use something like an AR it 's not so good but price was reasonable and for general use it works well . The vise is a bit touchy to get tight with the cam action feature of the clamp but useable . Would n't recommend for gunsmithing jobs but general cleaning it 's a good buy .
 Just wanted to say that this is a great gun vise for the everyday gun enthusiast . Easy to assemble and easy to use . I use it for cleaning and for bore sighting , as well as for any maintenance work . Very affordable .
 Thank you for an awesome vise for my hubby . He really is putting it to use . He has worked on several guns already on the vise . It is just what he needed . I researched it along with its competitors and this was the BEST . Also , buying through Amazon was a breeze.I would highly recommend this product for all those working on firearms .
 Maybe not as many features as its big brother , but perfect for what I needed . Easy to assemble , sturdy and functional .
 And it 's so worth it ! Perfect size and shape for bolt-action rifles , and for break-down AR-15s . If you need a cleaning vise , this one will do for the price.It could be improved , however . There is wasted space between the cleaner holders . Really should be a big open space , and we can use it as we wish . There are notches on one side for a cleaning rod . I use two rods -LRB- because it 's faster -RRB- , and there should be notches on the other side as well , because again , it 's wasted space . I notched the other side with a jigsaw , and cleaned up all the burrs with a blowtorch . And there needs to be a handle . I will use a router to carve out a couple of holes so I can be left with a handle and clean it up with a blowtorch.I made a vise out of scrap wood and a couple of long bolts and a turn-buckle years ago , and even I figured this stuff out . Tipton are you listening ?!?
 Wife found them to be quite comfy , far more so than the boycut versions from the same manufacturer .
 This are great and have done well wash after wash . Excellent for those hot workouts . Only issues is panty lines when wearing those fitted workout pants .
 I bought this headlamp to use while camping and biking at night , and so far I 'm very happy with it . The light has 4 settings
 I 've owned a pair of these headlamps for about three or four years . I keep one in my toolbox for lighting up automotive jobs , and another goes camping . They 've proven to be durable performers
 Very bright , easily adjustable , easy to change batteries , durable . Only downside is that the angle adjustment gets a little loose . I 'd still buy again . Great head lamp !
 I 've got 70 lumen version . It well built , pretty powerful single LED headtorch . For quality , and `` made in USA '' badge , I think it is also not too expensive.I am planning to upgrade it with Cree XP-G LED to go over 100 lumen - it is quite easy upgrade , you just need a solder . :--RRB- Another nice thing is that you can play not only with LED but also with optics . Do n't like diffused beam ? Why not change diffusor to give you spot ? Or maybe beam is not wide enough ? ... ;--RRB- I think this torch is perfect for modifications . But even if you do n't like playing around , you would be happy with what comes out of the box .
 This headlamp has the power to shed light on things near and far . Do n't worry if it starts raining , it 's waterproof !
 This was my first Princeton Tec light , given to me by work . This unit is very bright , has three modes
 I was given one of these lamps several years ago . I used it daily . The mechanism which keeps lamp in position fails after use . Other than that it was agreat product so when I misplaced it I was lost . Took lots of research to locate an exact replacement and found the best price through Amazon . Hope the company does not discontinue the product .
 Very bright . I wear it on my Fire Helmet . It puts out enough light to enable my entire crew to see what they are doing . Even when on top of a burning building and we are cutting a heat hole in the roof , the bright light pierces through the smoke and lets me get the job done . The adjustable angle works well for me , but I 'm not using it for a jogging light like some .
 I took this lamp camping and it is very good . I find the lowest of the 3 continuous modes is more than enough to see what you are doing at night . The brighter ones really light things up . It is very durable . It seems that the batteries will last a while . I used it a couple of nights and it seems to still be going strong .
 Great product , great purchase , fast shipping ! I 'm so impressed with this Princeton product , I purchased 4 of them . Biking , nite hikes , maintenance on vehicles , and gifts to people.Thanks Amazon for making this happen !
 Never seen one with more distance or overall power . It 's a little bulky but definitely worth it . Nice strap too !
 I 've had this light for about a year and a half now . I work at a summer camp and my workmates were blown away by the brightness that I could wield . Night zipline tours were much safer with this light . I 've also used it for climbing , setting up concert lighting , caving , and shoveling snow at night . It never complains when I expect alot from it . I have covered it in mud and dunked it in water and it just keeps on ticking . The power levels are good , I find myself on medium the most , it 's good illumination for close up work with a decent throw for spotting . My only complaint is the battery life . It will get you through a few hours of work and dim a bit . If you are going to be using it multiple nights in a row I suggest having several sets of spare batteries handy .
 Great Christmas gift . This is a fairly inexpensive head lamp that does it 's job well . It fits well and is a must have for anyone that likes to see what they are doing in dim to no light . Sturdy enough to wear while running and bright enough to bring daylight back !
 I ca n't tell you how great this headlamp is , you 'll have to buy it . It 's been with me in below-freezing temperatures , and it 's help me get out of pitch-black timber in North Idaho . This hunting season I did n't realize that I had dropped my EOS in the timber , until I found it 6 weeks later on the trail . It had been buried under snow at 4500 feet for 6 weeks , and still shone bright when I picked it up . The waterproofing and durability of the EOS is phenomenal for its price , and it 's brightness and battery life is the best in its class.Like I said , this is the best headlamp for your money
 I do a lot of camping . This headlamp is what every camper needs for outside the tent and in the tent .
 I own a few headlamps , and tried this one because of the good reviews and because its made in the USAIf you want a super light and super bright light that is built very well , this is it.But its not perfect , the switch is hard to find and and the angle tilt bracket is not as good as the streamlight which is my other favorite.I do find that after getting this headlamp I use it more than the others
 This was actually my first headlamp . I researched them for about a week and found this model to be the most consistently praised reasonably price headlamp across numerous web sources . I bought this after hurricane Sandy came through . While I was lucky and did n't get hit too hard by the storm I realized while I tried to prep for the storm that I was really lacking in the flashlight department . I started looking at regular flashlights but realized a headlamp would be far more practical for my purposes . I figured I 'd need it most for working with my generator if I lost power , or going to my shed to get things in the dark . For either task I really needed both hands . Now that I bought a headlamp I doubt I 'll need a regular flashlight again . The Princeton Tec EOSR Maxbright Rebel puts off more light than you 'll need for most any task . It 's comfortable to wear , even if it does look as goofy as any other headlamp , and it 's battery life and regulated LED are terrific . Although I have n't had to test the waterproof feature it 's a comforting option since I 'm not worried about dropping it in the rain etc. . All in all this is a great product and I 'd highly recommend it to anyone looking for an all purpose , reasonably priced headlamp .
 All around - Princeton Tec makes great lamps . I 've had the EOS for about a year and the tec quad for several years . The EOS has a better pivot mechanism that holds the lamp in place . The older tec quad is a bit looser where it pivots , but it is likely this has been resolved on newer models like found on this EOS . This lamp is more of a spotlight , if you need a softer more dispersed light , check out the quad .
 Great light , never a problem . Good switch , does not turn on accidentally , bright focused beam . Adjustable brightness is a nice feature and lets you know that battery is getting low .
 The lamp is amazing . Super bright and well worth it . There are some problems with thetilt catchment . Does not hold it 's mid way position when adjusted . Can be annoying if itneeds to be angled mid way .
 Had my Princeton Tec EOS headlamp troublefree for a few years . Batteries while in `` high '' mode did not last long but never ran into any trouble with that . Worked great in the Arizonian monsoons and whenever needed . Never seemed to have any moisture problems but somehow one of the spring electrical contacts in the battery compartment eroded and broke off . Called the number on my instructions/warranty paper . Princeton Tec gave me an RMA , I sent my light in they sent me a new one . Hopefully this one does n't fail because I really like the light but in the event that it does I trust Princeton Tec will take care of me again .
 Very bright ; comparable to my old 1980s Cateye halogen -LRB- req 'd 2 C cells -RRB- . After checking out other popular LED lights -LRB- from Planet Bike , for ex -RRB- , I was afraid I 'd find no LED lights bright enough to actually illuminate the road as I bicycle . But this one -- which looks like a cute little camera -- does the job . As a result , it 's helped me on very dark nights to quickly & safely ride through unlit , pothole-strewn streets.And my light came w / two sliding attachments -- one for a headlamp band -LRB- included -RRB- and one for a bike handlebar attachment -LRB- hardware included , w / 2 different sized brackets plus various shims -RRB- . Beware though , when setting up
 This is a terrific headlamp . Bright , white light with a smooth focused beam . I use if for walking in the early morning . It is so much better than any flashlight I 've ever used . When fixing things in the house , this is indispensable , keeping your hands free . The big plus is the light is regulated . That means the light does not start going dim from the moment you start using it.As mentioned , look up the review at -LSB- ... -RSB- . All I can say is try one , you will love it !
 The newest version of this -LRB- I own 3 -RRB- has a frosted lens giving a more diffused even spread light beam . For my bike I liked the old brighter `` spot '' in the middle to focus on some pothole , but the broad even spread is probably better . It is a bit yellower than the old one which was blueish . No other 1w units -LRB- I have three from China -RRB- have as even a beam -- although the last one was close as it seems Luxeon now supplies a pretty good lens with their leds . Non-Luxeons are not as good.The best feature about the EOS is the regulated light and the button on/off action . With EOS you set the mode , bright , med , low , blinking at the startup . Then after 2 seconds another press of the button turns it off . This is how you want it if you turn it on , use it , then you want to turn it off . You do n't want it cycling through all the remaining modes until you get off . You know for sure after a few seconds that a button press turns it off.The best of the cheaper China versions always cycles through the modes . Starts at med , then high , then blink , then off . Starting at med is better than the EOS starting at bright . Med is brighter than most one or two or three led headlamps -- I tried them all in a store . The China ones have to press through each other modes to get it off.The regulated light means you consume a fixed 250 ma for hi , 80ma for med , and 20 for low until the battery becomes too dead to supply this . When the batteries can no longer supply 250ma -LRB- on hi -RRB- the current will drop lower and lower until it is no different from med and eventually low . I use this to tell me how the batteries are doing
 Excellent headlight . strong white light . the Luxeon LED 1watt is surprisingly powerful for a single LED bulb . It is way brighter than your standard flashlight . The Luxeon LED is also way brighter than standard LED flashlights which i find barely useful for anything important . I use it now for pretty much everything around the house that requires 2 hands like fixing my computer , changing my car oil , and working in tight areas or in the basement.I also have one in each car for emergencies . the 3 AAA last a long time as I have n't changed them since I purchased this 2 years ago . these are just alkaline , but the lithiums would likely last even longer . weather-resistant , headband-adjustable , swivel to adjust the aim of the light . this is perfect . I 've bought more as gifts for other people and they love it too.flashlightreviews.com is where i first found out about it .
 I got this in Dec 08 and , at the time , the Amazon Prime shipping was available . It is n't now , I 'm not sure why . Perhaps Princeton has a newer version out.THE REVIEW : There are a lot of cheaper headlamps you can pick up at a lowes or home depot and get a good solid value for . However , if you step up to the 30 plus dollar range -LRB- the price I paid -RRB- , you step into another world of product . Paying the extra you will get a concrete and noticeable difference in quality in and brightness.This light has 50 lumens at max brightness , 3 brightness levels , is waterproof , and just holding it , you can tell the quality of the product . You simply do n't get near this with a cheaper headlamp -LRB- I know , I own a few -RRB- . When you are in great need for a flash light , it is well worth it to have a solid , well made and brighter product in hand -LRB- or rather , on your head in this case -RRB- . This particular light is also recommended by a number of folks at `` candlepowerforums '' , a website of people obsessed with flash lights of all kinds.I 've already made use of this for some soldering work and digging in a dark basement work ... I am very pleased with this light .
 The ESO headlamp is extremely versatile ! I bought one for myself for when I do hand quilting , but have ended up using it as a reading light -LRB- I pack it whenever I travel -RRB- , when the power goes off -LRB- it 's a great hands-free light -RRB- , and when doing repairs or painting around the house . I gave one to my husband for Christmas and he LOVES it ! Now I 'm going to order one for my son who does many handy-man chores around the house.Using only 2 AAA batteries makes it convenient . It 's worth it 's weight in gold !!
 I took this headlamp on an overnight hiking camp out . We had to hike in the dark for two hours and find a campsite in the dark . Worked great in the cold . -LRB- I did have lithium batteries in it -RRB- . This light performed very well . I like the simplicity , light weight , and good light performance . Great for backpacking , and great all around head lamp for the price .
 I purchased this headlamp to replace a broken headlamp for work . The light on this lamp was amazing . It is bright and illuminated good sized area . As great as the light was it was continually falling to the lowest position . Doing activities like walking or using a skill saw the slightest bump would cause this lamp to fall to the lowest position . Seeing many positive reviews associated with this product I figured it must be a defect with my lamp . I called Princeton Tec and was issued a RMA . I sent the lamp to them and 18 days later I received it back . Princeton tec % 100 fixed the issue . The lamp now locks in place enough I could go jogging with the lamp and not have it change position on me.Despite needing a repair I would still highly recommend this lamp . I have used quite a few lamps for work and this one is my favorite . Great illumination . The RMA process was very painless and pretty quick . 18 days is very reasonable considering it had to travel across the country and back .
 Bought this for a trip to Mexico for a stay at beach cabana with no lights . This worked perfectly for what amounted to camping on the beach . The 3 levels of light were well suited for this . Other reviews commented on it being too focused for close up reading but It worked well for me . Just had to adjust the angle . I thought that after the trip I would hardly use this again but used it right away to put fluids in the car at night and throw a little light on changing a watch battery . I see where this is a nice thing to have around the house . I do plan on using it for night bicycle riding and found , after I already purchased this one , that for just a few dollars more , you can get the exact light but with a bike handlebar and helmet mount along with the head strap . If you ride a bike then spend the extra 5 bucks or so and go with the Princeton EOS bike light instead .
 These are great for use during my kickboxing dvd 's - no worries about them flying out of my hands . I have trouble with my grip , & feel much more secure with these . Wrist weights were uncomfortable for me because of arm swelling from mastectomy , so these made it possible to get a better workout . The weights are easy to add & remove , & I like the size as well as the ability to change the weight . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 Exactly what I was looking for - compact , comfortable hand weights . Easy to change out the amount of weight with easy screw on ends . Fits the hands perfectly .
 These are awsome for very high heat enviroments . I am currently stationed in Iraq and have been wearing these for a couple months now . They really allow for free movement , but at the same time the help keep you sensitive parts in place . The moisture wicking feature of the material is what sets them far apart from the competition . I 'd highly recommend them to anyone who had to do alot of walking , lifting and running.The only drawback is the price , $ 20 a pair is a bit much . They are a great product but maybe they could save a guy a little cash .
 These ought to be standard military issue . They are incredibly comfortable , and the mesh front gives support and ventilation like no other . The design of the front mesh jock like pouch keeps the twins from sticking to youre thighs . A fresh pair of these and double dash of Gold Bond powder and your set for day in the field !
 Well worth the $ 20 price . Ideal for long distance motorcycle touring in hot or cold weather . No more swamp , do n't bunch . Wash by hand at campsite , very simple , pack small .
 Great stuff . I brought a couple of pair to try and they 'd have to be the best jocks I own . The double front mesh panels seem to be able to adjust to just the right size . These provide a comfortable amount of support and yet allow for reasonable bit movement . Highly recommended .
 These are the best boxer briefs I have ever worn . Very comfortable and great for using while on treadmill and other training machines . No chaffing whatsoever .
 I 'm a runner and I originally ordered one pair of these shorts because I wanted to find something to prevent the rub burn on my legs that i was getting on 3 + mile runs.I used them for about three weeks and was so pleased with their performance that I immediately ordered two more pair !!! Very comfortable , very breathable , and good wicking . They definitely keep me dry , cool and comfortable.I even received free shipping , but I 'm not sure if that goes for all size/color combos.This item was a great investment .
 This underware from under armour works great . I use them when I lift and at work , which is outside in the humidity . No more swamp .
 These are the most comfortable underwear ever . They feel like a second set of skin and are very supportive in the groin area -LRB- I run a lot -RRB- . I bought one to try it , and immediately turned around and ordered four more .
 This is the most comfortable underwear around . They keep you cool and do n't restrict movement at all . Con
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 Got this elliptical from amazon for a steal at $ 1599 . The shipping company -LRB- Eagle -RRB- placed it in the room of my choice with no questions asked . This is one solidly built sleek looking machine that blows away the competition in this price range.The programs and resistance levels on this machine are quite tuff.The motion of this machine is extremely smooth and the footing is quite solid-no shimmy or shaking on this machine.Stride length seems just a bit short for me but i am accustomed to the Precor efx544 at the local gym.You have both foward and reverse motion.Tall users are better off researching a machine with a longer stride.The treadmill and elliptical review sites were quite helpful and were a great resource in helping me make my choice.I was considering the Sole e55 , as that machine was also highly rated . Assembly was a snap , taking less than one hour for me and my daughter . Overall this is quite a nice machine.One thing you should know is that the warranty is no longer lifetime for parts but only 3 years . Most websites are still advertising lifetime for non commercial use but it only 3 years as per my phone conversation with Fitnex .
 Awesome piece , first saw it in our companies workout gym and loved it . Had to get one for the home so my wife and older kids could use it . My wife uses it everyday while she watches her tv programs . Smooth feel , you just seem to glide on this elliptical . The programs can be pretty tough though so choose them wisely . Got a great price too from amazon .
 I just received this jump rope , purchased for my niece . It looks nice enough and appears to be well made -LRB- even `` industrial/school strength '' -RRB- BUT contrary to what is shown in the picture you only receive a single 15 ' rope . Since other , similar products often came in packs of two , for `` double dutch '' jump roping , I think my expectation of receiving 2 ropes , or even 3 per the picture , is understandable.Amazon and the vendor should post a more representative picture of this product .
 My 7-year-old loves this jump rope ! It is long enough for 2 or 3 children to jump at the same time . The handles are easy to grip , and the rope is strong .
 Wife found them to be quite comfy , far more so than the boycut versions from the same manufacturer .
 This are great and have done well wash after wash . Excellent for those hot workouts . Only issues is panty lines when wearing those fitted workout pants .
 I bought this to use with a Beretta 96A1 . I believe this is the same size as the Beretta 92A1 . The holster is not listed to work with this gun but I figured I would take the chance because there is a very limited selection of holsters for these newer Berettas with rails . The holster seems very nice but it was way too tight for this line of guns . After I would force the gun into the holster it was too tight to draw and would just pull the gun with holster right off my pants . I filed and sanded off some material , mostly where the rails slides through the holster , and now it works well with the adjustment screw completely loose . I can not say how well it works with the listed firearms but it is a nice holster and if those guns fit in it better then I say it would be a good purchase . The holster is very light and seems sturdy . The adjustment screw is a nice feature for adjusting retention strength where it clips to the trigger guard of the gun . It has a fixed draw angle and keeps the gun close to you making it low profile . I do n't think you will be concealed carrying any of the listed guns though because they are just to big . This is good for patrolling the house and range shooting . There is a video online of a person ripping a gun off someone 's hip while holstered in this style Fobus holster . It looked like the failure point was where the paddle is riveted . This model has metal reinforcement at the rivets so I do n't think that is a concern here . It helps to push the gun in toward your hip when drawing because this causes the paddle to pinch on your belt better .
 Bought one of these for my Taurus PT-92 and it fits like a GLOVE . Great design and rides perfectly . This one holster has two belt size options on it
 had an issue finding a holster for my taurus with an accesory rail and this holster fits great easy in and out has a decent draw
 A very good holster made of very good material , not leather . Holds my 9mm Beretta very securely and with a quick release . Look out crooks , terrorists and other scum . Be ready as bad days are coming .
 WWorks great with my taurus pt 92 . i carry my pistol in this holster knowing no one will b able to grab it . holds the gun tight and secure
 This is a well made inexpensive holster that works perfectly with my pt99 . As advertised.if your looking for a hard plastic belt holster that takes baretta92 or Taurus 92,99 this is it . And reasonable price to boot !
 this is a wonderful holster . It has a good grip my pistol so it wont fall out , if such a situation called for it , and yet it lets me pull it at my convenience . I also enjoy the screw on the side that lets me tighten my holster to my gun , for my own preference when drawing .
 I purchased this unit , by accident , for my Taurus PT-917 . However , it works perfectly . Nice adjusting screw to ensure an easy draw , yet keep the weapon secure . I do n't really plan on `` carrying '' much , although I have a permit to do so , and want that option in this holster . Only con , is that I wish they would describe best way to `` carry '' the holster/weapon , concealed . As a noob , I am not sure how to use it , for example , in a waistband carry , which is supposed to be easy with the holster , but I simply do n't see it -LRB- but take that with a grain of salt , please , so no negatives in that regard -RRB- .
 i found the fobus holster to be very well made . i have been practising the draw all day and after a few fitful starts , now have it down pat . the draw is easy and contolable . i found just behind the hip ideal . gun retention is excellent . i am very pleased with this product and highly reccommend it to gun users . this is the second fobus i own the other is for a ruger lc9 . you ca n't go wrong with this product . if you need a holster , get a fobus .
 These are awsome for very high heat enviroments . I am currently stationed in Iraq and have been wearing these for a couple months now . They really allow for free movement , but at the same time the help keep you sensitive parts in place . The moisture wicking feature of the material is what sets them far apart from the competition . I 'd highly recommend them to anyone who had to do alot of walking , lifting and running.The only drawback is the price , $ 20 a pair is a bit much . They are a great product but maybe they could save a guy a little cash .
 These ought to be standard military issue . They are incredibly comfortable , and the mesh front gives support and ventilation like no other . The design of the front mesh jock like pouch keeps the twins from sticking to youre thighs . A fresh pair of these and double dash of Gold Bond powder and your set for day in the field !
 Well worth the $ 20 price . Ideal for long distance motorcycle touring in hot or cold weather . No more swamp , do n't bunch . Wash by hand at campsite , very simple , pack small .
 Great stuff . I brought a couple of pair to try and they 'd have to be the best jocks I own . The double front mesh panels seem to be able to adjust to just the right size . These provide a comfortable amount of support and yet allow for reasonable bit movement . Highly recommended .
 These are the best boxer briefs I have ever worn . Very comfortable and great for using while on treadmill and other training machines . No chaffing whatsoever .
 I 'm a runner and I originally ordered one pair of these shorts because I wanted to find something to prevent the rub burn on my legs that i was getting on 3 + mile runs.I used them for about three weeks and was so pleased with their performance that I immediately ordered two more pair !!! Very comfortable , very breathable , and good wicking . They definitely keep me dry , cool and comfortable.I even received free shipping , but I 'm not sure if that goes for all size/color combos.This item was a great investment .
 This underware from under armour works great . I use them when I lift and at work , which is outside in the humidity . No more swamp .
 These are the most comfortable underwear ever . They feel like a second set of skin and are very supportive in the groin area -LRB- I run a lot -RRB- . I bought one to try it , and immediately turned around and ordered four more .
 This is the most comfortable underwear around . They keep you cool and do n't restrict movement at all . Con
 After buying swim briefs in sport stores and online , most major brands like Speedo , Tyr , Adidas , etc. , most swim briefs were tight , or with incomplete rear coverage . Not Argonswim , the manufacturer of these swim briefs . In the description of their product they state their sizes run true . Initially I was skeptical and ordered one size larger as I learned to do with other brands . When they arrived , they were too large . I was able to return them -LRB- unworn , of course ! -RRB- , received a replacement that fit me perfectly . Impeccable tailoring , perfect fit , bright , vivid colors , smoothest feel . I reordered in several additional colors and are now my favorites for the pool and beach . Try them
 Love the Sox . This is a great hat . The cocoa color is nice and kind of matches a lot of colors of clothing . I have the XL size and that fits about a 7 1/2 size head . Bought it @ $ 10 or so . Great price for one of my favorite hats . Will buy another next time the price is low .
 Bought this cap for a Sox fan who has a huge cap collection . I am sure that he does n't have any in brown . Quite unique .
 Picking out a hat for someone else can be tricky . However , this hat came in a nice shade of chocolate brown and was a `` perfect fit . '' My husband loved it !
 Even though the topos maps are dated , this is an excellent product . It allows you to mark ` waypoints ' do real time GPS tracking and moves quickly from map to map . Just remember that when you move so far you may have to change CD 's , but that is not an issue unless you are working near the cutoff point.Overall , very pleased and use them a lot .
 I umpire High School Baseball and I have the plate shoes and they work `` IE '' a ball off the toe , top of the foot and they are very comfortable please be sure to buy 1/2 or 1 size bigger and get the wide size . You wont be disapointed .
 i bought this stem to replace the much shorter stock stem that came with my bike . this one is over twice the height off the toptube , and i 'm very pleased with the way it raises the bars up . my philosophy is this ; the higher the bars , the more comfortable the ride will be . the way my bike project is going , my only gripe is that the stem may actually be a little too long ... if that 's even possible . plus , the silver and black together is almost decorative , in a very very cool way . the stem also has a very very handy BUILT IN CABLE-STOP , which of course eliminates the need for a headset-mounted one . it 's a very very good addition to any bike for a comfortable handlebar position . probably not a good idea if you 're wanting to do any competitive road-cycling or hardcore mountain biking .
 Assembly was easy . It worked fine after some adjustment and a good coating of WD40 on the slides . It 's not as nice as an incline leg press but requires a lot less space . I was able to get 300 lbs of dedicated weight at a local sports store 's after Chrismas sale . It was exactly what I expected . Took a little practice to know how to enter easily and push it straight but I 'm used to it now .
 I was looking for an inexpensive and compact leg machine , this fit the bill . It was fairly simple to put together , decent quality , and very portable . It takes up about as much space as a coffee table . NOTE
 I think this is a very good buy for the money which is less than half of most squat racks or leg press machines . It fits in a small area and is solidly constructed . The only thing is that you have to spray the rack with silcone so the squat assembly moves smoothly . But a good buy for the money .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 NICe ... smooth . . fast ... good ... but some few bumbs in the inside ... didn ' ; t like it . . but no problem made from it ... justa u do n't like to look at it ... Hard to see ... anyway ... its fast and cul . . Played first time ... with tat and i improved like helll !! lol see ya
 Pros : - Good quality leather and stitching-Fits my 1911 very well-Good priceCons : - The belt straps are n't tight enough to fully support the weight of the pistol in any position except strong-hip . In any other position the holster flops over under the weight of the pistol and is very noticeable in concealed carry even with my belt as tight as possible.-The underside of the metal snap scratched a circular spot onto the finish of my pistol within a few days.Summary
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 I umpire High School Baseball and I have the plate shoes and they work `` IE '' a ball off the toe , top of the foot and they are very comfortable please be sure to buy 1/2 or 1 size bigger and get the wide size . You wont be disapointed .
 I 've used them for running and as a base layer for cross country skiing . The length is great , which is always an issue for me . Love the zippers and the fleece lining !
 If you have worked on marine electrics , you have cut and stripped a wire to find that it had water intrusion which corroded the copper strands . It is impossible to solder and you would be irresponsible to attach a crimp connector to corroded wire , due to voltage drop and resistance heating.Every strand of Ancor wire is tin plated to reduce corrosion . It solders beautifully , bends easily , and has a rugged sheath . It is expensive , but cheaper than ripping out yards of corroded plain copper wire every couple of years .
 A must for any small boat wiring project . Order arrived promptly , product as described . Do n't mess around with anything but the real thing , Ancor marine grade tinned copper wiring , for any wiring project that will be exposed to the elements , vibration and pounding that it will see on your small boat , whether fresh water or salt .
 This was for a secondary bilge pump setup . Works well and sealed routed easily . Boat did n't sink and nobody died , so that was a bonus .
 For the DIYer this is a great buy . Quality wire for a reasonable price . Great for auto and boat projects . Get a repair manual and spool of wire and save big bucks .
 As described and seems to be doing the job -LRB- all of a couple of weeks so far -RRB- . A 4 for now until I see how well it holds up .
 Name brand -LRB- Anchor -RRB- wire is notoriously expensive in boat/marine stores . This was the best price I could find for this gauge wire .
 Purchased to wire up my boat with 12v lights and fittings . The tinned wire is found right throughout and well coated and good consistent electrical insulated cover . Works fine on my boat and happy with quality all round .
 I got this for my boyfriend for Christmas . He is a Steelers fan and I thought this would give him a good laugh . I was n't sure if he would like Mickey , Donald or Goofy , so I asked him to choose between the 3 . He chose Goofy . I like the fact that it is hand-painted , but the bobble head is too fragile to mount in the back window of his car .
 I already had the LMS-1202 , but did n't have this momentary-on switch , so I ordered it on Amazon when I saw it here for less than anywhere else I could find . It 's simple enough to operate ... just plug it into the little hole in the back of the LMS-1202 beside the red on/off button , then push the on/off button on the LMS-1202 to the `` on '' position . At that point , the laser/light stays off until you press the momentary-on switch.Pressing the switch anywhere along the rubber pressure pad makes it engage , and it sort of snaps into the on position until you release pressure . It 's easy to hold in the on position.It has a little velcro backing piece with a sticky side that you stick to your forend stock , and then the rubber switch part has it 's own velcro already stuck to it which attaches to the velcro on the forend stock . The sticky side of the velcro strip that sticks to the forend can handle being pulled up and re-stuck several times without losing it 's grip -LRB- at least that 's they way mine behaved -RRB- . The other velcro piece is already stuck to the rubber activation switch , but I found that the activation switch can move around on this sticky substance under the torque of a poorly placed squeeze , so unless you squeeze it directly downward into the top of the activation pad , it can slide off center from it 's own velcro piece and leave some sticky residue exposed to get on your hand or fingers . Not a huge deal , as it still remains firmly attached , but slightly annoying at first.I stuck it to the left side of the forend stock first -LRB- in several places -RRB- , then eventually moved it around to the right side so I could press it with my fingers instead of the palm of my hand . That works much better I think . The cable is long enough to wrap snugly around the bottom of the forend stock but not yank out of the plug when racking the slide . The forend I 'm describing is on a 870 , so it has contours and ribs on it and no flat places to speak of . I have mine stuck into the concave finger groove on the right side , at the top-center of the forend stock.It works like it should , and the only negative I can think of is the slight slip of the pad under off-center pressure .
 I really like the size.If you tuck the little securing tabs on the handle into the slots provided after installing the handle , any problems with it coming off become zero . No instructions are provided so a tiny bit of mechanical thinking and manipulation is required.Getting the top properly on is simply an exercise in attention and calmness . Problems are not with the top.Missed a 5 only because the top is n't insulated at all .
 Works good had one before but lost it on the job . But anyway fully satisfied the Coleman 1/3 GALLON WATER JUG .
 New Coleman jug in good condition arrived about a week after order was placed . No problems with transaction .
 I am very pleased with the clutch performance hooded sweatshirt . I am a HUGE NY Giants fan . I really enjoy all of you NY Giant items that I have ordered . Quality materials with durable fabrics that keep you cool in the winter and hot in the summer .
 If you have worked on marine electrics , you have cut and stripped a wire to find that it had water intrusion which corroded the copper strands . It is impossible to solder and you would be irresponsible to attach a crimp connector to corroded wire , due to voltage drop and resistance heating.Every strand of Ancor wire is tin plated to reduce corrosion . It solders beautifully , bends easily , and has a rugged sheath . It is expensive , but cheaper than ripping out yards of corroded plain copper wire every couple of years .
 A must for any small boat wiring project . Order arrived promptly , product as described . Do n't mess around with anything but the real thing , Ancor marine grade tinned copper wiring , for any wiring project that will be exposed to the elements , vibration and pounding that it will see on your small boat , whether fresh water or salt .
 This was for a secondary bilge pump setup . Works well and sealed routed easily . Boat did n't sink and nobody died , so that was a bonus .
 For the DIYer this is a great buy . Quality wire for a reasonable price . Great for auto and boat projects . Get a repair manual and spool of wire and save big bucks .
 As described and seems to be doing the job -LRB- all of a couple of weeks so far -RRB- . A 4 for now until I see how well it holds up .
 Name brand -LRB- Anchor -RRB- wire is notoriously expensive in boat/marine stores . This was the best price I could find for this gauge wire .
 Purchased to wire up my boat with 12v lights and fittings . The tinned wire is found right throughout and well coated and good consistent electrical insulated cover . Works fine on my boat and happy with quality all round .
 I purchased this for my boyfriend 's 21st b-day and had the back engraved . It is a beautiful watch and he loved it . I really recommend this to anyone
 I was very hesitant as most products like this leak . This one does not . My husband is in construction and in the constant heat . Although it does not keep the ice all day like the other reviews said , he does love it .
 Hey I got this from Amazon for $ 3.50 + shipping . What a steal . I could n't find this anywhere else in stores or on the net but Amazon had it . The other reviewers have said it leaks . Well if you tighten the top and do n't tilt it totally high when it 's full it will not leak . These complainers are n't very coordinated . It has a hole for air to go in as you drink which is perfectly fine . If you have any coordination and common sense you wo n't spill .
 I have owned this product for years . I only replace it when it looks old . I drink a lot of water everyday and I do n't like polluting the environment with plastic bottles or refilling a little cup every hour or so . This jug keeps my water cool for hours when I put ice . I read some reviews of people complaining about the water leaking . The lid and the bottle must be complete dry where they touch otherwise it wo n't seal and water will constantly leak . When you pour your liquid make sure the lid and the part where the lid screws to the bottle are totally dry . If you get them wet dry them completely . You have to do this with any jug of this type regardless the brand . Some other people were commenting about the rubber ring working out of place . I have never had that problem .
 I play ultimate frisbee in Summer in Texas . Temperatures regularly get over 100 degrees F. No shade anywhere . The feeling of flipping open cold water to drink and pour on the head is just great . I use it as an oversized individual water bottle , not as a pitcher for pouring into cups . This bottle is durable , easy to use , fairly insulated , holds just the right amount , and has a nice handle to pick it up by.One downside is that sometimes the lid can be a bit tricky to get screwed on water tight . If you do n't fasten it correctly some liquid will dribble out the seam in the lid while pouring . Once you get the hang of it it provides a tight seal , but it should be more effortless.The pour spout also comes loose from time to time and has to be pushed back into place or else it will dribble where the spout joins the lid . This is really simple to do , but it would be nice if it did n't ever come loose .
 This is a review of the more updated Coleman 1/2 gallon jug . -LRB- The ones I have purchased look like the one gallon jug , not the one in picture with the rings at the top . -RRB- I play a tennis 15 + days a month in USTA leagues , Ladder matches and USTA and WTT tournaments . It 's 90 + degrees on the courts and lots of humidity in the summer time , so these jugs are part of my routine with tennis . I use both the one gallon -LRB- filled with only ice -RRB- and 1/2 gallon jugs -LRB- filled with ice and Gatorade -RRB- for tournaments , and just the 1/2 gallon jug if I am only going to be on the court for 2 to 4 hours.I 've read a lot of comments about how `` this jug leaks '' , which I find to be somewhat misleading . Yeah , mine leaks too if the lid is n't placed on very tightly , and if the lid is wet when I put the lid on the jug . But when I do keep the lid dry , place ice and gatorade in the jug and THEN put a DRY lid on the jugs , they do n't leak 9 out of 10 times on my way to the courts . And on the 10th trip maybe I get a trickle , and that leak is due to operator error as I did n't tighten the lid.When driving to and from the courts , I put my jugs in a small cooler or wedge them in a box so they do n't fall over . Is n't this just common sense ? When I drive with a leak-proof coffee mug , I do n't lay it sideways to test it . I put in in a cup holder and use it as it was intended . Maybe I just do n't expect Coleman and all these companies to issue common sense with their jugs . Do n't lay them on their sides with lids that are n't secure . I do n't work for Coleman and any company that makes any product . I simply use these jugs and they work great for me . They work so great , I have four 1/2 gallon ones and two gallon ones.If you want a jug that keeps ice frozen and water or Gatorade cold for three hours in hot weather this jug works great . It works even better if you use a little common sense and place the jug in the shade if it 's 90 + degrees.Coleman jugs work fine with a little common sense .
 I received it really fast . Love the color and best of all it does n't leak like all the other ones I 've purchased .
 just what i needed for work , i bought a 1 gallon but i returned it cause it was too big so i ordered this one , this one is perfect for my construction jobi was carrying around a 1 gallon milk jug with gatorade in it but didnt look too great . holds a good amount of your fav drink , i tend to drink alot plus this is also great for the gym , camping or the end of the world which you would need this to survive . the only thing that is bad is that the ice melts at a regular pace , i thought it would melt at a slower pace ? other than that its great
 It works just like it is suppose to . It doesnt leak , only bad thing is the handle came off a couple times but its a easy fix
 This jug is just the right size to fit between my jeep seats . And it does not leak . Love it .
 We had looked unsuccessfully in a lot of stores for this size jug -- used by my husband for work daily . So glad to find on-line . Thrilled with the product , quality and price !
 good product . My son wanted exactly this size for sports . He drinks right from the jug-does not leak , stays cold .
 I 'm a bit of a tire snob -LRB- Schwalbe is my favorite -RRB- , but times are tight and there not many high pressure 26 &#34; tandem tire offerings . Mounted on our Trek T900 Tandem the most immediate impression was more responsive handling over the OEM Bontrager semi-smooth 26x1 .95 tires . Before , I would have to somewhat tentatively manhandle the bike around quick tight corners . Now I just lean in and let the bike and tires do their job.The Kenda tire is solidly made-both tread and sidewalls are substantial . Some comments are that they are tight and difficult to mount . I had no difficulties using metal tire levers . The fit is good , snug and uniform . Inflated to the full 100 psi , the Kenda is quieter than the Bontrager -LRB- inflated to about 85 psi -RRB- without any notable reduction in comfort . I think puncture resistance will be good and hope that the compounds will hold up during the hot , dry southwestern summers . Overall , I am pleased and think that the Kenda Kwest Tandem Tire is accurately described and represents fair value .
 I put these on our tandem which is an `` old school '' bike that came with knobby mountain bike tires . Rolls much easier now with just a little more firmness in the ride . I was a little leery about these after some reviewers having so much trouble getting them on their rims . These literally went on without any tools or pry bars . They aired up and seated in very nicely with no problems . I had well over a 1000 miles on my last set of Kenda Kwest tires -LRB- not tandem version -RRB- that were on a recumbent . Great tires and I do n't think I ever had a flat .
 Great tires for a tandem . Ride smooth and fast . Tight beads and A little difficult to mount because of the 100 psi pressure rating . Broke two plastic levers in mounting before going to alum levers .
 We have a comfort/beach cruiser tandem that had big white wall tires that looked great . The problems were that -LRB- a -RRB- the tires were a bit big/wide with the fenders , -LRB- b -RRB- they were thin -LRB- prone to puncture -RRB- , and -LRB- c -RRB- they rode soft because the tires only supported about 35 psi . I was concerned these high pressure tires might ride too `` hard '' , but oh , man ! the ride is smoother , faster , and generally fantastic!I think these tires -LRB- the tandem version -RRB- are more heavy duty than the regular Kenda Kwest tires , and they are certainly a great value . They are a little tough to get on the rim , but not unreasonable .
 I had no problem mounting these tires and pumped to 100psi they perform great ! Combined weight on our aluminum Mongoose Wanderer tandem is around 370lbs and we both noticed big improvements in efficiency and agility .
 I do n't trust in testimonials . However , I had to comment on this product because it is so difficult to find a good , reliable golf aid . I reluctantly tried it out and my swing is MUCH more on plane than ever . I am hitting way more solid shots in only a week . This thing works !!! The swing trainer also showed me how to delay my release to add more `` pop '' at contact for more distance -LRB- REALLY ! -RRB- . I know these comments sound cheesy -LRB- and I feel cheesy about it -RRB- but , if you 're a high handicapper looking to improve your game , you ABSOLUTELY got ta buy this thing . Do NOT miss out .
 As a collector of watches , I can bore people to death about the advantages of numerous high-end watch brands . However , my living is made in a warehouse envirement , which can be brutal on expensive watches . Over the years , I have come to depend on Freestyles as my choice for work . The Fieldmasters II that I have just purchased is water resistant to 300 meters , which means that human sweat has no effect on it 's performance , and an all stainless steel case helps maintain shock resistance as well . Everybody knows how bad the lighting is in most warehouses , including Freestyle , who add an effective night-light to the watch 's features.It looks great , it 's priced right , and I know it will last . It 's a great product !
 we are coleman fans . we have n't needed this product yet for our tent but we have used it on our pool !! awesome . thank you coleman !
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 This is a great buy . Be careful with the pen because it comes apart sometimes -LRB- unscrewed in the middle -RRB- . Other than that , its everything that it claims .
 The watch was exactly what i ordered and I got it very fast . Unfortunately it was a bit too big for my wrist . I returned it for a refund without any problems .
 I bought my first pair of red Tiger Claw 2000 gloves about ten years ago at a used sporting good store . They were close to being worn out , but I liked the design and how they felt . After an extended absence , I returned to karate in July of 2002 . I busted out my old gear and used it for a few months.However , at my first tournament I almost got disqualified for wearing foam boots that were too small . So I donated my pads to the dojo and bought a brand new set of black vinyl Tiger Claw 2000 Action Kick boots and Tiger Claw 2000 gloves . I 'm still sparring with them today as a black belt.I like the Tiger Claw 2000 vinyl material better than the shiny foam gear . The foam pads tend to get slippery , especially when wet with sweat . Plus , they have an annoying tendency to wrinkle and crack at the stress points . And the vinyl just looks and feels better to me.I was initially nervous about the thin vinyl toe enclosure on the Action Kick boots . Would it cause me to slip on a tile floor , or bind up on a mat ? Thankfully , that has n't been the case . Indeed , it seems to provide better traction , especially when the sweat starts to flow . Even so , sliding around on the boots takes a toll - mine are starting to show wear on the area where the toe enclosure meets the side of the boot . The wrap-around velcro closure does a good job of securing the boot to my foot , although the elastic strap is beginning to ripple with age.Overall , the Tiger Claw 2000 Action Kick boots -LRB- and Tiger Claw 2000 gloves -RRB- are an excellent , inexpensive choice for dojo and tournament sparring where contact is held to a minimum . Despite some wear and tear they 've held up well for over four years , and I 'm quite happy with them . Recommended .
 I usually get blisters from my running shoes when I run for more than 20 minutes no matter which shoes I 'm wearing , but these socks have basically done away with this problem for me . They 're pricey -LRB- at least if you , like me , believe that socks should cost $ 5 for a 6-pack -RRB- , but definitely worth it if you have the blister issue while running . I have n't tried them for longer distances -LRB- greater than 4 miles -RRB- , though I suspect that eventually , even their magic will not be enough to ward off the pain . But if you do n't need to run that far , they 're comfortable and do actually keep your feet dry for regular short runs .
 I have been wreslting for 10 years and i have found that ASICS is the best supplyer of wreslting equipment and especaly singats i love the high cut becasue im a bigger guy so more is better not like the littel guys thay thing less is better well its whatever you like wearing i prefire the longer high cut singlets ...
 The cicada is a vibrating lure that works well in the cold water of early spring or late fall . I hear that it 's also effective through the ice in winter . Most strikes occur `` on the drop '' so work the lure without line slack for best results . I find nickle with red reflective tape seems to simulate gills or blood and it works great for walleye , saugeye , and panfish until the water temperature reaches 64 degrees F . Then they 'll still work , but more real food is in the water , so for walleyes jigs or live bait might work better .
 It sets up nicely and looks exactly like the picture . It is stable and wo n't blow over in the wind easily . Looking forward to using it .
 My son was very happy to receive this ! They love to camp and will get alot of use out of it . The price was very good !
 Exactly what I was looking for at a very good price . Exact same product as the one made by Coleman but a lot cheaper !
 I have yet to use this with a fire underneath , but I did set it up in my living room to get a feel for it and I am fully satisfied . I put some weight on it to see how it would hold up , and it did n't have any problem supporting a heavy cast iron griddle with 2 pots and a pan all stacked on top of each other , so I have no doubt that this will work great in a camp setting .
 The Coghlan Tripod Grill and Lantern Hanger is a great product to have for camping or backyard fun . It is a great way to cook your food over the campfire or even just hang your lantern on after dark . It is a well made product and can be used year after year . We love using this on all our camping trips .
 I 'll be the first reviewer and give it four stars . Four stars means it does what it 's supposed to do more than well enough to justify its cost . It 's still a star away from perfect though.I 've been taking mine on multiple road trips a year for a couple of years . I typically set up camp , start some briquettes burning in the fire pit , erect the grill over them , and cook my burgers or steaks or grill some veggies for dinner . Later , as the sun nears the horizon , I raise the grill up out of the way , throw some kindling on top of the briquettes , and get the campfire going.The unit is very light , collapses down to a small size , and goes back together rather easily . It is not without a couple of glitches . The chain the grate is suspended from gets tangled and jams in its guide . This is minor but it seems like something the manufacturer should have addressed . The chrome on the grill did n't last as long as I expected either and I now have to clean it before every use . Having a sturdier box to store it in would 've been nice too.The only thing that has broken is one of the shock cords inside one of the legs let go on my last camping trip . The grill has seen enough use that I 'm debating whether or not to fix it -LRB- easy enough -RRB- or buy a slightly better one since I 've used this one far more than I ever expected . What would you do?In summation , to get well over 25 trips out of a grill that cost less than $ 25 is called getting my money 's worth .
 but it works great , I have 3 of them and have had them for 3 years or so . Even when I leave them in the back of the truck in the rain -LRB- they are a little rusty now -RRB- they still work great for me . I am planning on buying more .
 So this works like you 'd expect it to . It is n't too flimsy or cheap . It is a little finnicky with the carbiner type hooks that connect the chains to the grate that hangs over the fire . I had some steaks get stuck on the grate and pull the contraption to the ground ; however with lighter food it was no problem.In any case , for $ 20 it is a good deal in my mind if you want to cook over a campfire.We were the envy of our camping neighbors !
 We brought one of these about 10 yrs ago . . Needed to replace . . We love using this Tri-pod grill ... We coat it with veg oil before use and it works great . It is also a conversation starter with other campers . Suggestion
 This is an excellent addition to anyone 's camping gear . Allows you to cook over a fire at varying heights to control heat and to have your own clean surface for cooking rather than some of the awful pits you 'll find !
 This handy tri-pod serves two purposes . great over the campfire for cooking or makes a good lantern holder . Very pleased and not over priced .
 This is a great product for camping . Cooking on a wood fire is great.would recommend .
 Great item for fishing at night . I have n't used it as a grill yet , but it GREAT as a lantern stand without the grill piece . Works so well this is the second on I ordered . If I catch enough fish , maybe I 'll try the grill .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 After buying swim briefs in sport stores and online , most major brands like Speedo , Tyr , Adidas , etc. , most swim briefs were tight , or with incomplete rear coverage . Not Argonswim , the manufacturer of these swim briefs . In the description of their product they state their sizes run true . Initially I was skeptical and ordered one size larger as I learned to do with other brands . When they arrived , they were too large . I was able to return them -LRB- unworn , of course ! -RRB- , received a replacement that fit me perfectly . Impeccable tailoring , perfect fit , bright , vivid colors , smoothest feel . I reordered in several additional colors and are now my favorites for the pool and beach . Try them
 I am happy with the mini-helmet that I purchased . I wish I would have known that it was n't a traditional mini helmet , the facemask does n't match my other mini helmets .
 We are a very pleased with our new clock . It has a beautiful finish and looks perfect on our mantel . The bell is a little soft for me , ca n't really be heard much beyond the living room - but my wife thinks it 's just right ! It 's relatively large . I had difficulty finding a proper mount for it . One that is offered to fit is elaborate and expensive . I eventually bought a simple one from Moore and had it re-cut to size . I lined the mount with felt , then had to cut some away , as it covered the sounding holes . A bit of work , but the result is just fine !
 I needed a everyday watch that could take some abuse while I 'm doing my todo list . I picked this watch because it was designed by surfers to be worn while surfing . What I did n't realize was how handsome a watch it was going to be . My wife must comment every day how beautiful it looks . Very happy with this watch so far .
 Great scope ! It 's a really comfortable scope with good eye relief and it picks up light well . A couple down falls there is no bullet drop compensation and if you 're like me and prefer the scope as low as possible , it becomes a problem finding a lens cap the wo n't rub the barrel of the rifle .
 Impress your friends at the next football game . This is a must for all Western Kentucky University tailgaters!Go Tops !
 I had no problem installing this and the lantern works like new . Having a problem with the lantern burning uneven , try one of these .
 This product came promptly and as described , pleasure doing business with them ! - d
 This is my 2nd MTG900DA-9V in 5 years . My 1st one started giving me battery problems and the back light gave out . Decided it would be cheaper at $ 84.00 / Walmart to buy a new one than sending it back to Casio.I love the look of the new 2 tone style band . The watch has a look and feel of duribility.This watch does everything it says it will do . PERFECT time all the time.It syncs up every night without flaw even in a basement . I have showered/swam / cut wood/mowed the grass with both watches with no problem . This watch can take whatever you can throw at it and still give you perfect time
 This watch I had gotten for Christmas from my finace and I absolutely love it ! I 'm one of those nerdy people that has to have a casio pathfinder , but this watch is dressy with the metal band , but yet high-tech . It really scared me about how accurate it was when the TV shows I watch are in sync to the second on this thing ! I also like the auto-glow feature . I 'm more of a built guy , so having a half-pound -LRB- yeah , 8.3 ounces -RRB- watch does n't bother me . I think someone less built might not like it -LRB- just a personal opinion -RRB- . Other than that , I would recommend it to anyone .
 This watch is very user friendly and easy to use . Adjusting the band is simple , even a complete moron , who is also blind , could do it . It is the toughest , most accurate watch on the market today .
 I am very pleased with the quality of this watch . The steel band should make it last ; I have always had to retire my watches long before the watch died because the band went and I could not find a suitable replacement , but no more !
 The Model Number listed on Amazon is wrong . Model # 2688 arrived for my under $ 100 . -LRB- including s & h ;-RRB- . This is a great watch , but it is very large and very heavy compared with anything I have ever worn . However , the size and sleek design gives it a really hot look.The band is way too big for me . I 'm a small boned muscular 160lb male . Not only did I have to remove four links , but I had to move the latch stay over to the shortest setting.The User 's Guide was written for not only the Model # 2688 , but also for two other similar models - and the illustrations are for one of the other models . But with a little faith it is n't as confusing as one might think.Everything works ! It sets the time and date from the atomic clock radio signal , and it runs on solar power . Furthermore , not only is this watch handsome , the band clasp locks solidly , it looks really rugged . I do n't think I can loose or damage it . This may be the last watch I will ever buy . I could n't be more satisfied - even with a Rolex .
 Atomic watches are highly-accurate quartz watches which are synchronized each day with a time signal broadcast from the definitive U.S. Atomic Clock in Ft. Collins , Colorado . Thus , all atomic watches are always accurate to within a fraction of a second at any time . Since atomic watches adjust automaticaly to and from daylight saving time they are the ultimate in accurate watches . Casio makes -- and Amazon sells -- a wide selection of styles of atomic watches to suit various needs and tastes , but all are equally accurate . The Casio G-Shock series is especially rugged and the solar powered models , such as this , never require battery replacement . Atomic accurary , solar power , and G-Shock ruggedness is an appealing combination at a quite reasonable price .
 This is my SECOND MTG9000DA-9V ! I bought my first watch of this type about 3 years ago . The watch is still working like a charm . One minor note of caution
 > this is the best looking casio solar watch . my friends who have similar casio solar watches like this watch better . blingier looking face , do n't have to worry about replacing the band , runs forever anywhere . too bad it 's discontinued . best price i 've found is under $ 80 , bought from here because of the $ 30 dollar amazon discount .
 I have been admiring Casio G-shocks for some time
 This is the toughest most durable product I have ever owned . It has been in the Desert in extreme heat , In a Blizzard in Maine , in Salt Water -LRB- once at 12bar depth -RRB- , Fresh Water , Dropped , Hit with a hammer , and accidentally thrown once at a concrete floor . This watch has seen it all and it sill works flawlessly . I give this watch my highest respect and regard for pure functionality . I do n't believe Casio will place the word Tough on just any product and this watch is proof.It is easy to navigate the various menus and set different functions . The Instruction booklet is easy to tote around until you get used to the Casio Menu style -LRB- which becomes second nature quite fast -RRB- . The reception of the Atomic Time Keeping is about 50 % of the time in the Northern -LRB- east and west -RRB- Most Continental United States -LRB- 45th parallel north + -RRB- . The Closer you are to Boulder , Colorado the better the Reception . I have found that weather can play a major role if you receive the signal or not . Even with a week or so of not receiving the time calibration signal the watch remains quite accurate -LRB- + / - 2 seconds -RRB- The Watch Chrystal or face is quite scratch resistant , and even with all the punishment I have put mine though there are only 3 very faint scratches.The Watch is rather bulky and might not fit too well for people with petite wrists . But for most anyone that is looking for an extremely durable time piece I would recommend this one 100 % of the time .
 I wanted a watch as accurate as my atomic wall and desk clocks so I ordered this one recently . The watch itself is built like a tank and looks better then the picture would suggest . I live on the East Coast and the watch has had no problem picking up the time signal from Colorado . The time on the watch matches my atomic clocks to the second . This is without a doubt the most rugged and accurate watch I ever owned .
 I have had this watch for over a year now . This is the most durable watch I have ever owned . I usually have it all scratched up in no time flat ... Not this one , not a scratch in the face after over a year ...
 I bought this watch for my husband for christmas , and he loves it . Besides being solar , it automatically updates the time with the atomic clock . it is the perfect gift for someone that likes to have a nice looking watch that has all of the bells .
 Nice long-sleeved cotton t-shirt . The logo is bright and crisp and stands out well from the white background . My son liked the fitted cuffs and the neck opening was not over-large - a pet peeve of his ! It does shrink a little - I dry hot - and the Medium was not a `` big '' Medium . Would recommend going for the larger size if you 're sort of in-between two sizes . Amazon has a good price for this shirt . The white is nice , in that it is always current , no matter what uniform changes the Mavs make . CONGRATS WORLD CHAMPION MAVS !!!!!!!!!!!
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 I purchased this product for a golf outing . Was well received by all . The golf towel was a good quality towel . The golf balls were a great way to take out our frustration on yet another bad baseball season from the Cubbies
 Great product ! Great price ! FAST shipment!Thank you very much , and I will shop again .
 Just as i was going to suck it up & order these weights i found the same exact weights at 5 below . Yay!I saved myself A LOT in shipping costs . They only charge $ 1 a pound for weights at the 5 below i went to , and they had up to 10 pound weights there . They also had adjustable walking weights . So I suggest checking at 5 below if you have one in your area .
 Took longer to receive than expected . Had a friend order for me because I was short on time . She misunderstood and thought the dumbbells came in sets of two . We had to order more from another source later . Received those very fast .
 I needed a 1 lb . dumbbell for my occupational therapy exercises . Do you know how difficult it is to find a 1 lb . dumbbell ? If you go into a store and ask , they look at you like you 're a wimp who ca n't handle anything heavier!I ordered a 1 lb. , a 2 lb. , and a 3 lb . There is n't much to say about the dumbbells themselves
 I bought this watch during a Friday Sale , and I am very glad I did . First of all , this is the `` petite '' watch , so you should probably only get this particular model if you have a smallish wrist . There are comparable `` regular-sized '' models available through Amazon that have the same features.Using this watch , you are able to set your `` at rest '' heartbeat as well as your weight so it can calculate the calories you are burning while exercising . Operating the watch is fairly intuitive -- there are only four buttons and they 're well labeled , so it 's not difficult like programming a VCR or anything . Taking your pulse is simple also -- you just place your fingers on the metal sensors periodically , hold for a few seconds , and beep ! Your heart rate is recorded . If you have the watch in the `` workout '' mode , it will then tell you how many calories you 've burned since you started your workout , which for me is a great motivating factor to keep my heart rate up longer . You are supposed to take your heart rate each time your intensity level changes . I do Jazzercise so I take my heart rate in between routines -LRB- it 's similar to aerobics -RRB- . I am usually able to get a quick read during the few seconds between songs . I have also used it while running and am able to hold my wrist steadily enough to get a good reading , so it works there too.My only gripe with the product is that sometimes it does n't get a read on the first try . The more I use it though , the more I am able to get an accurate reading quickly , so maybe it 's something that takes practice . It is also slightly bulkier than I imagined from the photos , but it still looks sleek enough . I highly recommend this product for anyone looking to easily track their heart rate during workouts , sports activities , or just for health reasons .
 I really like this watch . It captures my heart rate accurately and is very easy to use and to reset whenever necessary . It 's a bit larger than I expected , though -- not quite `` petite . '' I 'm extremely satisfied with it , however .
 This watch/BPM device is a perfect fit , both as watch and tool for monitoring my heartrate . Also , great for small framed folks !
 It works great . Easy to use . Instructions easy to understand . Very helpful . Came right away after ordering . Would buy again .
 I bought this product mostly for the canvas cement . It was just bonus that other things came with it and it was soo cheap . They worked very well and my tent trailer is ready to use again .
 This repair Kit is just what I needed . It is real good to handle and use . User friendly . I really like it .
 I purchased a Jayco pop up that had a limb fall on it . The previous owner had repaired the hard top but not the canvas which had a hole about 10 `` x 8 '' right at the top right rear corner . This amazing repair kit saved me from having to replace the complete canvas . I was very happy and well pleased with this product . I was also more than pleased with the shipping and custermer service . Thanks for saving me a lot of money and time .
 This kit did exactly what it was supposed to . The needle was a bit thick so I used a different one . The string was very tough , which I liked . The glue took a while to dry .
 I used a Mark V years ago when I coached at a public high school . Now I 'm at a Christian school and the previous coach left me a Mark V for last season . I filled it up . I am satisfied with it . We just use it for the official book at home games . It is n't really good for stats like rebounds , steals , assists , blocks etc. . We video tape our games to get the detailed stats later . Then we enter them into a computer program that generates reports for us . But for an official score book that keeps up with the basics , this will do.When this scorebook arrived , both the front and back covers were creased badly . It is still usable . When I contacted the seller and told them of the damage , they refunded my shipping cost . Very nice of them .
 The Mark V scorebook has been around a long time . Its well-laid out , and easy to track all the basic stats . There 's plenty of space to make your markings . I 've entertained using other brands -LRB- mostly because they 're cheaper -RRB- , but the layout usually is n't as good and many of them are cheaply made . This book has a solid cover and sturdy spiral binding . I 've never had one fall apart .
 I purchased these because I had a pair from my college sports team that were indestructible . I literally disposed of them after seven years due to stains before they ever wore out . Although these are not the exact quality of the institutional pair that I had they are still very durable sweats .
 Bought these for My Mom . She is very COLD-natured and very small . She likes very HEAVY sweats and these meet her expectations . She also prefers the elastic cuffs in the pants . Lots of the cheaper sets are inferior in quality and just do n't hold up . These fit nicely as she is 5 ' 105 so the Small work great ! . Nice to know that there is still high quality sweat wear out there for a reasonable price !
 the fist pair of sweats arrived without the elastic cuffs that the product description states and i was NOT happy.i contacted the vendor via email about the problem and was promptly assured the correct pair would be sent immediately as well as an envelope to return the wrong pair back for restocking . i was impressed with this customer service even tho they sent the wrong item . i understand mistakes happen and they did the best they could to fix it . i give them credit for that . great job . i would order again from this company , great job customer service !
 Love the feel of these . I had to replace a pair I 'd had for a while . Fit well and wear well so far .
 This stove can cook a lot of food for groups . It is great because it comes with a griddle.I would recommend getting a pair of flame tamers to spread out the flames . It reduces the hot spots on the griddle .
 Great for camping . Flame cooks at a higher temp than other stoves . My pan warped the first time we used it , but went back to normal after it cooled down and never did it again . Nice and steady , grease can holder comes in handy just use an old corn can .
 This is a solid stove . Well built . I have only 2 very minor complaints but I still give this 5 stars . The legs are secured with nylon or plastic thumb screws . Easy to replace with real ones . Do n't waste your time with the useless ones . My griddle came out of the box rusty . This was advertised as usable right out of the box . mine was not . I received a prompt adjustment from Amazon and I scrubbed it and re-seasoned it . All is fine now .
 I bought this stove because of the features and it inclued a griddle which fits over 2 of the burners . This stove set up in just a few minutes and I was ready to cook . The burners lit right up and the flame was very easy to adjust . I found while cooking with the griddle that it is best to keep the flame on low , or your food will burn . I could cook breakfast , -LRB- bacon & eggs to order -RRB- and serve about 10 people in just minutes . To clean-up this stove after use is also a whiz . I would definately recommend this stove to anyone who is looking for a quality built , out door cook stove .
 I bought the Expedition 3X primarily for camping . It set up very easily , looks great and works like a charm . I gave it a test run shortly after receiving it . The griddle was great and very spacious . The whole thing was easy to clean and fits very nicely in the carry bag I also purchased . I would also recommend purchasing the side shelf set . They are very sturdy , easy to install , and provide some much needed prep space while cooking .
 I purchased this stove for camping and hunting . I received it in time to take on my recent hunting trip to N. Central Montana where the weather was very cold -LRB- below zero -RRB- . Because the wind was blowing so hard , we waited until the wind died down and the temp was up around 10F . Set up on the stove was a snap , I installed the two burner grill box and burned off any residual assembly stuff -LRB- I pre-cleaned the grates at home -RRB- . I fired it off again and while I grilled some new york strip steaks and brats , another fellow used the third burner to fry up some hash browns . In spite of the cold temps , we had dinner done in around 15 min . I feel the flame tamers are a necessity for frying pans and coffee pots as it worked great for that purpose .
 I purchased this to replace 2 old colman camp stoves that were well past there life . Purchased back in July 2011 the day it arrived I was responsible for putting on a overnight with dinner and breakfast for 130 cub scouts . The stove with its big burners allowed for fast cooking and getting everyone served . The next day my boy scout troop took 28 people on a 10 day trip to northern Michigan . The stove was used to cook everything from Trout , pancakes , gumbo , pasta , pork chops and lots of things I cant even remember.I really like that the legs store with the stove so we can simply put the whole thing in our storage trailer and go . Cleanup is easy enough and the stove looks as good today as it did new . As other reviewers have mentioned the heat can be a little hard to regulate on low but if your using cast iron or at least heavy pots its not too bad.If you are going to use the griddle much I would recomend a cleaning tool such as this -LRB- RubberMaid #G 100-12 BBQ Grill Brush . Also handy are metal spatulas and a squirt container of cooking oil .
 Buy a rain shroud for this , and it should last a long time . Very good burners -LRB- though not very precise at the simmer end of the range -- they tend to self-extinguish unexpectedly if you crank them too far down -RRB- . An excellent way to have a versatile cookstove/barbecue -LRB- get the box -RRB- .
 I have only used this once so far . We bought to car camp with cubscouts . I used it at home to give it a test run before cooking for several people . The griddle worked great , cooked hash browns , sausage and bacon all at the same time , Used a separate pan to cook the eggs on the third grill . Breakfast burritos were done perfect and quickly .
 We use this monster for camping in our trailer . It 's super heavy , but you can tell it 's well built . We bought the carrying cases for it and it 's griddles so the weight can be better distributed ! It cooks the food evenly too .
 I saw a Scout Leader who brought the Camp Chef Expedition 3 burner on a couple of tail gate outings . It worked great . Was large enough you could prepare meals for a lot of people . And at 30,000 btu per burner it was fast . The grill which covers 2 burners was large , heavy metal , and we did bacon , sausage , pancakes , hash browns , browned hamburger , seared stakes , and lots of other foods , and they all came out done perfectly . -LRB- Would not recommend eggs on the grill even after seasoning -RRB- . There was a two burner version of this available at some of the big box stores , but it seemed just too limiting . Could n't find the 3 burner in any stores , so ordered on Amazon . We do a lot of trailer camping , and I bring the Expedition along . I rarely cook inside the trailer . We use the Expedition to prepare almost all our meals . It was a great investment .
 The best stove out there in my opinion . It could use a better fire starter and it came in rusted a little but it still worked which was good enough for me .
 I throughly enjoy this outdoor stove , I use it weekly in my patio preparing breakfast lunch and dinners . It is easl to move and use anywhere out of doors . A great buy !!! Camp Chef Expedition 3X 3 Burner Stove
 After buying swim briefs in sport stores and online , most major brands like Speedo , Tyr , Adidas , etc. , most swim briefs were tight , or with incomplete rear coverage . Not Argonswim , the manufacturer of these swim briefs . In the description of their product they state their sizes run true . Initially I was skeptical and ordered one size larger as I learned to do with other brands . When they arrived , they were too large . I was able to return them -LRB- unworn , of course ! -RRB- , received a replacement that fit me perfectly . Impeccable tailoring , perfect fit , bright , vivid colors , smoothest feel . I reordered in several additional colors and are now my favorites for the pool and beach . Try them
 really like these original sryle aquarunners and would be happy if they were also available in wide.The follow-up model is next to impossible to wear on feet , the fixtures press hard on bones . So please - Aquajogger - make this model available againthanks , jm
 It does what it supposed to do . I do n't think you could go wrong with an Electra bell . They are loud enough to get the attention but they 're not annoying . I used to have another blue one on my blue bike but it got stolen . Now I got a white/green/pink Electra and this looks beautiful on it . I love it . No reason to give it anything less than 5 stars in my opinion .
 We bought this for our daughter 's Electra Petro Zillia bike that did not have one , and its a lovely match.Good basic bell .
 My daughter loves it ! Well made and sounds good . Regardless of function , it is pink with hearts .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 well built and has a nice stand up see through storage vial to keep it in . It fits nice on Outer cleaning rods .
 I do n't know what you can say . It is used to clean and that is what it does . Cheaper than buying it at the shop .
 If you usually wear one size comfortably - not loose , order one size up from that size . Your neck and shoulders will be happier . These rash shirts were PERFECT for snorkeling and given their price - a GREAT value . There were some seam threads that loosened up after wearing and there was some spot fading on the Carolina blue shirt , but they served their purpose and kept me from burning . I would definitely buy this shirt again and from The Beach Depot .
 I just bought this rash guard in short sleeve as well as long . Oddly the long sleeve is about 1 size tighter than the short sleeves . I bought 2 of ea , so I do n't think it was a fluke.The long sleeve at 2 sizes bigger than I wear in street clothes , was still rib showing tight . The short sleeves I could have bought at just 1 size bigger than my street clothes for a little breathing room . I bought 2 sizes bigger & they fit close , but not tight.Other than the sizing on these , they are good quality shirts at a good price . And Beach Depot provided excellent customer service when I had a small issue with one of the rash guards .
 This made a great gift for the 13year old boy in our home . It 's a great looking watch , seems very durable , and even though we had it sent via overnight delivery was extremely affordable . So thankful for such a nice gift at a nice price !!
 my favorite pullover . It is very soft and feels great and I really enjoy wearing this without needing a jacket .
 It is pretty acceptable and will get you going until you figure out what you really need . It does its job ... except plastic tips are pretty useless.The seller has a very good customer service . They sent me an aluminium set and sent me a brass replacement
 I am really pleased with these solid brass cleaning rods . Good quality & a good buy ! These are nice & heavy . Not like the aluminum ones !
 I had been looking for a good float coat in the local stores when I came across this one on Amazon . Mustang is the float coat to have and this one was priced $ 70.00 less than any of them I found in local stores here in Wrangell , Alaska . The coat is well made and sized correctly . Being in a relatively remote location it is sometime difficult or very slow for us to receive items . Not this time ! I ordered the coat and in less than a week it arrived through the local post office . I could n't ask for better service and would recommend this coat to anyone looking a good reliable piece of survival gear that you can depend on when you need it .
 This bag is AWESOME!I am hard on gear , and this bag holds up to everything that has been thrown at ; dropped on ; dragged over ; and spilled on it!It has traveled with me for about 8-9 months and it still looks new . The interior compartment can open up almost all the way to lie flat , so that you do not have to dig down blindly and `` fish '' for that one item that is all the way at the bottom . For its size , this pack will hold so much that you will be amazed . It is coated on the inside to be `` water resistant '' , however I have had it outside in a long soaking rain and everything on the inside was bone dry!I gave it four stars only for the fact that there is no Velcro to attach a name or anything else to the outside easily . All in all this is definitely a good pack to have and use .
 Overall a REALLY good product.Pro 's : - airflow channels WORK-hydration capatible up to 100oz-comes with it 's own lashing straps-holds a TON of stuff-compression straps help keep things tidy-tough as nails -LRB- 1000D cordura -RRB- - no molle so you do n't look like you 're going into combatCon 's : - ladder locks on the shoulder straps seem to slip a little . maybe a couple of cam buckles would do the trick.Things to note : - this thing is way bigger than it looks . it is n't exactly a ruck but it ai n't a day pack either , you know ? - hydration sleeve works BEST with a BLACKHAWK bladder . others will work ... but they do n't fit as well . blackhawk bladders are available pretty cheap at cheaperthandirt.-there are n't a lot of little pockets so if you 're looking for a place to put your crayons , your lip balm , your pokemon cards , your make-up and your concealed carry piece this is n't your bag . i like getting the cheap-o dry bags from wally world and separating out my important stuff into those and putting them in the bag .
 Great for hunting which is why I bought it . It 's also great for traveling and/or carrying books for college since its lack of molle does n't make you look like a crazy wan na be Rambo .
 I bought mine in early 2003 , and its been trucking faultlessly ever since . I have gone over the front end of my bike & bicycle with it , gone to war with it , traveled with it , gone to school with it , ran with it , shopped with it , bicycled with it even slept with my head on it . It works , the Nylon is very very good . There are really only two downsides , one you cant really pack too much in it and expect it to feel good on your back , also you need to be the right height to get any good use out of the hip belt / support . This back pack is a pain for me @ 6 ' 5 if I 'm carrying a heavy load , its great for a few changes of clothes and some other incidentals , but going over 25lbs for me is asking too much in terms of comfort on extended / stressful outings.Only has a couple holes in it with over 8 years of use , and that was from asphalt and a knife . The nylon does a great job holding its color and holding together .
 I got this pack last week and I love it . The nylon is thick and durable and the zippers are phenomenal . The only thing i didnt expect was that the smaller pockets didnt have subdividers . This is a three day assault pack though so that makes sense i guess . If you want a very very VERY high quality pack then click the add to cart and checkout button . YOu will not be dissapointed .
 Good zippers and clips . The seams are very strong . VERY ADJUSTABLE , my 12yr old uses the family pack for school sometimes , and in 10 seconds it is setup for me . Great warranty . I fold the waist strap down and tie-wrap it , so that it provides additional back support if not needed . I have one for everyone in the family +1 , packed for BOB , which still makes it useful for camping . Does need drain holes ! -LRB- not that I would ever fall over crossing a creek -RRB- . Good back pad -LRB- vented -RRB- and good load bearing with comfort . -LRB- If a 40lb pack can be -RRB- . Glad I got it .
 Bought this in black , for backpacking etc - Got it shipped and delivered in 2 days ! Extremely satisfied.I 've not started my backpacking yet , but about to move to China , and take it from there . . I have used it EVERY day for almost three months though ! To and from work , workouts and smaller trips . Of course it 's gone through -LRB- a lot of -RRB- rain , and I still have to see something penetrate . It took me a while to fathom that this thing is like a black hole - EVERYTHING goes into it ! Even when you think it 's full , and after two days you got ta ' put something extra in it , you realize it 's no problem - There 's ROOM . It 's stunning , and all the straps are really great to have . I 'm a guy at 1,69 m - and I was a bit worried reading reviews saying it might be a problem height-wise - but I 'm here to tell you that 's BS to my relief . Play around with the straps ! Hell , play around with the pack . If I would end up not having space for something , if something would be too big , I got carabiners to hook it on . I still have n't used the spare straps , nor have I even taken them out - but someday , I will . As for backpacking goes , I 'd say this is an excellent choice . It 's even anonymous going in black , if it still looks too cool - just put a poncho over it . The padded backpanel is really nice too . In four words ; I love this pack.Con
 I was in the Marine Corps infantry for 5 years -LRB- extended a year -RRB- , so I know how good Blackhawks bags are . This was a great price on it as well . They usually run quite a bit more . I bought this bag for school to carry all my engineering books and what not and it works great . I used this to replace my old crappy bag from high school and wish I would 've made the decision earlier . The padding on the back and shoulder straps is great and there is room for very thing I need each day .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . This is an authentic Blackhawk 3 day assault pack . It is sturdily constructed down to every seem . Still has tags and is well packaged for shipping . I could not be happier unless of course I could have purchased a digital camo model for the same ridiculously low price . I will get many years of use out of this and I cant say enough about the unlimited applications of this pack for school or tactical or whatever its unbeatable at this price . Normal retail is $ 89 .
 Received quick , seems to be well made several seperate compartments plus the option of a dehydration pouch.Should work fine for a medium size bugout bag .
 It works like it 's suppose to.Rugged , and plenty of space for when I travel.It 's not comfortable initially out of the box -LRB- it 's not suppose to -RRB- But after playing around with the laces , cables etc it works like a charm.The foam and the support is solid and I could fit my 17 '' Laptop without any problems.Highly recommended if you want to carry only 1 bad for travel
 I purchased 2 of these just because of the laws in Texas which requires you to have a life jacket for each person if you are on an inflatable boat -LRB- or any boat -RRB- . The vest does not fit perfectly on your body , but it looks solid and of good material . Hopefully that emergency situation never shows up.This seller is very slow be careful .
 I picked this up just to have an extra life vest in the boat . I doubt it will get used much and the price was perfect for a spare vest .
 Skied with these gloves yesterday in 7 degree weather , they were warm for hours . If you are looking for warm these are the gloves for you . Would purchase again .
 This glove is very solidly constructed . After multiple tough outings , it does n't show any wear . My hands have stayed dry and warm during some strenuous hiking in snowy weather.As a disclaimer , I am affiliated with Gore for product testing of Gore-tex and Windstopper garments for the purpose of product review and recommendation . I do receive items from Gore for these purposes .
 Wife found them to be quite comfy , far more so than the boycut versions from the same manufacturer .
 This are great and have done well wash after wash . Excellent for those hot workouts . Only issues is panty lines when wearing those fitted workout pants .
 This holster is a good value . It holds the revolver well , and is easy to conceal . It was a little stiff at first , but has now `` taken it 's shape '' after keeping the revolver stored in it for a while . Good starter holster for CCW . Leather is good quality , and construction is sturdy . Bianchi makes quality products , and I am happy with my purchase . Gun is held in place well , but is easy to draw when needed . This holster is a good value .
 Holds the firearm snug and the belt clip is easy to manipulate . Very comfortable to wear either strong-side or cross-draw while fishing . Good quality product .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 I bought these to mount up a Millet TRS-1 scope to my .300 Winchester Magnum . These are beefy and I wanted to make sure everything was going to stay put . I did buy the high rings because I have a full contour barrel and the scope has a 50mm objective lens , but I could have gotten away with the mediums I believe . So keep that in mind . The lower the scope the better.If weight is an issue for you , I would n't get these just because every little bit counts . But if you do n't mind a little extra weight these are great . They take a bit to get on and off just because of the extra screws , but you are guaranteed a snug fit.They lock onto my EGW 20 MOA base perfectly with no play , and are very easy to get on and off . Even if I do n't tighten them with a wrench they do n't have any play , but I think they will back off as the gun is shot so make sure to tighten them down . I keep a small 1/2 inch box wrench with me just in case I need to remove them.I 've shot about 40 rounds through the gun since mounting these , and that too me is not an exhaustive test , but so far I 've had no problems . I plan on putting the entire system through its paces this fall.EDIT
 Put these on a Sightron SIII 10x50x60 LRMD scope , atop a Savage 110 HS precision 338 lapua magnum ... . Well , I do believe Wayne and Garth said it better
 This is the cleaning rod to get . The only differance in the various calibers this rod is offered in is the jag & brush that come with the it . I use this rod for several different calibers . Just switch brushes and you can change calibers.All of the rods are threaded in 8-32 TPI . You can screw a brush into any combination of rods . The handle piece is all that you need for a pistol . These are nice solid brass .2 '' rods . This rod is all that you need .
 Needed a good cleaning rod , and this was the right one . Priced right , shipped fast , packagedwell . Very high quality . Would purchase again , and recomend this to everyone .
 Much better than the cheap kind . Fit and finish is very good . Wish it were longer , but all & all a good deal .
 Fits together well and works perfectly . I had to buy a brush though for the end and wish this would have been included .
 This cleaning rod is made of thick , high quality brass . It feels sturdy in the hand . The plastic end also feels thick and sturdy . Seems like a quality product that will last a while .
 ... and you 'll feel the quality immediately . Prompt delivery - excellent . This product is all that is promised and provides a level of confidence when caring for your inventory .
 This cleaning rod is a must-have tool for any .22 Caliber rifle or pistol . It is solid , well-made and makes cleaning your guns easy . I am definitely glad that I bought it . It beats the cheap Chinese-made aluminum rods by a mile .
 I have used this ball bag daily in our indoor baseball facility , as well as a ball bag for our games . I have had the bag for over a year and it has held up to an enormous amount of use . Quality bag and a good value .
 If you have worked on marine electrics , you have cut and stripped a wire to find that it had water intrusion which corroded the copper strands . It is impossible to solder and you would be irresponsible to attach a crimp connector to corroded wire , due to voltage drop and resistance heating.Every strand of Ancor wire is tin plated to reduce corrosion . It solders beautifully , bends easily , and has a rugged sheath . It is expensive , but cheaper than ripping out yards of corroded plain copper wire every couple of years .
 A must for any small boat wiring project . Order arrived promptly , product as described . Do n't mess around with anything but the real thing , Ancor marine grade tinned copper wiring , for any wiring project that will be exposed to the elements , vibration and pounding that it will see on your small boat , whether fresh water or salt .
 This was for a secondary bilge pump setup . Works well and sealed routed easily . Boat did n't sink and nobody died , so that was a bonus .
 For the DIYer this is a great buy . Quality wire for a reasonable price . Great for auto and boat projects . Get a repair manual and spool of wire and save big bucks .
 As described and seems to be doing the job -LRB- all of a couple of weeks so far -RRB- . A 4 for now until I see how well it holds up .
 Name brand -LRB- Anchor -RRB- wire is notoriously expensive in boat/marine stores . This was the best price I could find for this gauge wire .
 Purchased to wire up my boat with 12v lights and fittings . The tinned wire is found right throughout and well coated and good consistent electrical insulated cover . Works fine on my boat and happy with quality all round .
 I ordered this product for a Christmas gift that I had to mail out of state , so was very happy that 2 days after I ordered it , it was delivered to me and I could get it mailed onto where it need to go . Thanks for the great service on a very nice item .
 For such a light hiking pole , it is incredibly rugged and built very well . I like the spring-loaded shock absorber and the detachable top post , so that it can also be used as a camera monopod . At this price , I bought two and it 's still 50 % less than a pair of name-brand poles . This is a must-have piece of equipment for outdoor photographers .
 I ca n't say anything about other hiking poles or I probably would have given this five stars . What I do know is this is very well made and along with being a great hiking pole it has some great features like compass , thermometer , and camera holder . The only thing requiring assembly is taking the round plastic disc and sticking in on the bottom of the pole by pulling off the rubber cushion on the tip . The same cushion you pull off to jam it in the ground to take pictures . To mount your camera you just unscrew the ball on top the pole . All very easy to do . The telescoping pole is easy to change heights by twisting the sections and pulling . All-in-all a great hiking pole . For the quality , workmanship , and price , I 'd say it would be hard to beat it.CA Luster
 I got this Hiking Pole / Mono-pod for a recent trip to Alaska . I did n't get a chance to use it as much as I thought , but when I did use it , it worked just fine . I did n't have any trouble with any pieces falling off -LRB- as some previously reported -RRB- . I , for one , linked having the thermometer to see the temp. , and especially when I was in Canada , where most temps when reported were given in Celsius , which I am not as familiar with - so it was nice just to be able to quickly check . Adjusting the height of the pole takes 2 hands , but it does reach a sufficient height so I could stand an take my shot -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 9 '' -RRB- . The threads on the mono-pod fit my Nikon D90 perfectly . The ball handle felt good in my hand when walking .
 I 'm an amateur photographer and hiker . I purchased the Hammers HP1 because it offered a camera mount under the hand grip . It seems like this used to be a common feature in the average trekking pole , but with ski-style poles becoming more popular in big box stores , camera mounts are hard to find.I used the hike on a 5 mile `` moderate '' trip to Rainbow Falls in the Smoky Mtns . I used the pole on the trail for stability and at the falls to mount my camera for slow shutter speeds . The HP1 extends to a longer length than other entry level poles I 've seen , so it is useful as a monopod.I expect the HP1 to last 2-3 years with moderate use . I 'll purchase another one then , and still come out cheaper than comparable high-end poles . The HP1 uses rotating locks for extension . The shock feature is nice , but noticeable . The compass and thermometer that come with it are useless , and seem like a gimmick . I removed mine.I doubt the HP1 would hold up in a comparison with high-end poles . For example the foam handgrip will eventually wear out unlike a cork grip , and the HP1 is made of lightening-rod aluminum For $ 25 with a camera mount , it is a great value .
 I found the product description accurate , and the other reviews spot-on . At the risk of repeating what they 've said , this is a great hiking pole for a low price . The anti-shock mechanism is easy to turn off and on , the locking mechanism provides a positive stop , and the pole is sturdy without being `` stiff . `` I am planning to hike , and to take landscape photos , so a hiking pole with a camera stud seemed like a good idea . It adjusts high enough to be useful as a monopod.The cons ? The handle and strap are not `` ergonomic . '' The pole 's collapsed length of 29 '' is not exactly `` packable . '' Nobody 's going to mistake you for Indiana Jones .
 With this pole , I have taken pictures of myself & my group on high mountains , in secluded streams , in isolated fields ... I even got a pic of my marriage proposal ... all without needing a huge tripod or a stranger 's help . I have not had to pick who WO N'T be in the picture since I got this . I take it everywhere . Seriously , it 's in my car right now in case I want to take a steady pic of some vista . BEST monopod/trekking pole combo I have ever found .
 I wanted a hiking pole to help me climb a mountain since I have two bad knees -LRB- ACL injuries -RRB- . I also needed a pole that was able to fit into a suitcase . This pole did fit into my suitcase , at an angle , after I took off the rubber foot . Perfect ! On my way up and down the mountain , this pole DEFINITELY served its purpose . I can not compare it to other poles , since this is the only one I have ever used . I also can not discuss its durability since I only used it on one hiking trip . However , I plan on using this pole -LRB- and getting another one -RRB- for stability on future trips .
 I got this hiking pole to assist me in my daily walks . Part of the reason I selected it was the built-in camera mount under the cap , but I have not had an opportunity to use it in real-life . The plan is to use it with my iPhone 4S andThe Glif
 So far so good . I find the round top much more comfortable than a regular cane.If you get lost in the supermarket you can use the attached compass to find your way . If you think it 's too hot or cold you can chech the attached thermometer .
 This pole worked great during a hiking trip to Corcovado National Park , Costa Rica . But it is not a Kaito pole , it is made by another company -LRB- I do n't remember the name right now , I already tossed it into the closet -RRB- . It did have the termometer and compass though . I give it 4 stars because it is not the brand that I purchased .
 This walking stick has proven so valuable to me on my daily hikes over the past year that I just bought a second one . Besides being used as a crutch in difficult terrain , it also gets used to deflect spider webs , and even the occasional dog pack and snake . I am 6 ' 4 '' and over 200 pounds , yet this pole has never failed me . As a monopod it has allowed me to capture decent photos of distant wildlife with a high-zoom point-and-shoot camera that would be worthless otherwise . I am now so fond of it that I keep one in each of my two vehicles .
 I bought this mainly as a monopod to carry on hikes for my full size camera . First thing I wanted is something that is tall enough that I would n't have to bend over while using it . I 've used this on about 10 hikes now ranging from 12-20 miles per hike so I 've used it over 150 miles already and it is holding up flawlessly . It is feature packed with a shock aborbing internal spring , camera mount , foam hand grip , carbide and rubber tip , a snow basket and a strap with a compass and thermometer that actually work quite well . For $ 25 I ca n't believe how good it is , yes for $ 100 you can get a better one but I can break any of them so with this one I can afford to just buy another one . Just be careful with it and it will last a long time . I 'm not sure I 'd be any happier with another pole since this one works so good for a monopod ...
 I am currently in CA for the winter and hiked in the Sam Ysidro mountains just yesterday and used this walking stick for the first time . It was great . I even had an opportunity to use the screw on top to take a timer shot of the whole group who was hiking . I had never used a walking stick and was not sure I would find it useful . However , as I came down the trail , I found that it was very sturdy , it held my weight and I could rely on it to help me over some rough spots . Great , especially at the price !
 I used this pole at a couple of national parks and it 's a good buy for the price . While hiking I like to take photos and it 's always bothersome to take my tripod out of my pack . With this pole all you need to do is stick it in the ground or wedge it in some rocks to have a pretty decent camera pod to take photos , especially with a timer . The round top of the pole easily screws off to be replaced with any camera . The photo of the camera upon the pole does not lie , and it 'll take a good picture . If you want a walking/hiking pole that you can use as a camera pod , then this is the pole for you . Now , if you 're a serious hiker going on a wilderness trek then you 'll probably want two poles and a more expensive model , but for the price this pole is excellent ! God is Love !
 I have used this hiking pole many times . I have actually used the camera mount many times . When my wife and I have gone walking I will stick the pole into the ground -LRB- deep -RRB- , put the camera on the top , set the camera timer , and poof we have a photo of the two of us ! I have not used the compass or thermometer , I do n't think either is very good . My hiking pole is currently bent though . I pushed a little too hard and it bent , I was surprised how easily it bent ...
 I have a bad back and this stick is awesome , better than using a cane .
 It is realy amazing to have a walking pole and a monopode to hold my camera right there when I want to take that picture . I do a lot of trekking in the Mountains of Santiago area , Chile , and this pole is a very good companion . Forget about those little tripods , where you do n't find a place to set the camera . This trekking pole is all you need . I 'm very happy I bought this pole .
 I purchased this monopod/hiking pole for those few times when I want to be able to stabilize my camera while taking ` zoom ' type photos . Another reason for the hiking pole is that I have had both my knees replaced and while taking tours/walks in unfamiliar terrain , the additional stability is appreciated.This pole has an anti-shock feature that helps while hiking . What sold me on this pole was the inexpensive price , and after getting the pole in my hands how surprised I was with the quality overall . I have been in a few stores that carried much more expensive hiking/monopods that did not feel or look any better.The only feature that I was a bit disappointed with was the screw-off ball style cap to uncover the camera mount . Many poles I tried had a ` leash ' attached to keep the cap handy . This pole does not have a leash which requires you placing it in a pocket or bag to insure you do not lose it.Overall for the price , this is an excellent pole and I would recommend it to the light hikers and camera buffs that need a little assistance .
 I used this hiking pole to go to the bottom of the Grand Canyon -LRB- and back -RRB- last month , and it performed perfectly . Light-weight , durable , and folds up small enough to fit into suitcase or backpack . The compass and thermometer are very small and stay out of the way of the handle , but come in very handy . I highly recommend this item ...
 Very serviceable Chinese copy of a Leki pole for less than half the price . Light and sturdy and smooth . Works well as a monopod . Kaito gave me very good service ; they shipped the day after my order and packed the item well -LRB- long skinny items are expensive to ship correctly -RRB- . I 'm buying another one .
 I was looking for a hiking pole , but did n't want to spend $ 50 for one and then find out I did n't like it . Saw the Kaito , saw some good reviews , and figured it was worth a try . Glad I did ! Has served me well so far -LRB- 25 miles of hiking since I got it -RRB- in rocky New England terrain and would buy it again .
 I took up hiking for health reasons . I 'm a weekend hiker and found after hiking with and without a pole I would never hike without one . Even on short treks . Great for balance i.e. , creeks , streams , switch backs . Gives a better full range workout to your upper body . I find myself getting into a rhythm , helping me keep my heart pumping for my cardio workout . I love the boost this pole gives me going up mild to steep grades . I find this pole strong enough for my 200 lb . frame with no problems . The only small negative is the rubber tip wore out quickly . I replaced it with a better one from the local sporting goods store and off to the trails again . For the price I paid and the use I 've been getting from this pole it has paid itself off ten fold . I can buy 5 of these for what my friend paid for his one REI pole .
 This is my first `` walking stick '' and I do n't know if I will get used to using one , or not . These seem okay - the straps are fairly soft and look durable , the extension works and the anti-shock works - it gives about an inch under strong pressure . The anti-shock can be locked out . The monopod is what sold me on these.However , I found it difficult to set this up the first time out . Here 's why :1 -RRB- The Arrows marked `` lock '' and `` unlock '' do not refer to the direction in which the poles lock and unlock - it is the opposite .2 -RRB- To start with , you need to twist the upper segment many times in the direction marked `` Unlock '' to finally lock it . This confused me - I twisted and twisted in the wrong direction and nothing ever happened .3 -RRB- After finally getting the upper segment locked , I tried to unlock it by twisting in the wrong direction . You twist it in the direction marked `` Lock '' to unlock it .4 -RRB- The Arrows marked `` lock '' and `` unlock '' refer to locking and unlocking the SHOCK ABSORBER - which requires just a small twist either way.Simple instructions would have helped greatly , but none were supplied .
 Used this on Hesperus on my first climb . Wo n't ever climb without one and converted my dad - a long time climber . BUT other reviews had it right - this is NOT meant for the climber who is really hard on tools . The rubber base ended up with the steel bottom breaking through it and the round cap came off . The tension coil spring was AWESOME ! and we both -LRB- at various times -RRB- liked the adjustable height option . I would not only recommend it - I plan on getting another !
 This was a gift for someone and they were asked about the product . The result is that the pole itself is very good but the thermometer and compass were no good and did not work . The thermometer did not change with the temperature and seemed to only register 2 or 3 different degrees - it was either 66 or 72 degrees . The compass did not point north . Also the instructions were very hard to understand upon opening the box and sizing the pole and figuring out how the anti-shock saw supposed to work .
 I have not had a chance to actually use the item as intended but will once the weather is warmer . I was looking for a monopod combination hiking pole/cane . I have a weak right leg after seven major surgeries so I often need added support for my leg . I also am an avid photographer but carrying a tripod is not always very practical and most of the time for school and church concerts not possible . This will allow me to carry a way to steady my camera shots especially for movies and still have something with me for walking.Send me an email come next fall and by then I should have had enough time and experience with this to truly evaluate the dual purposes .
 Serves me well on all hiking surfaces . Have been using the product almost daily for 3 months and it is great .
 I bought this hiking stick for a hike up Pikes Peak with an older gentlemen that I knew would need it . I was right , he used it the whole way up and most of the way down . It held up great . It extends and collapses easily . I hike at least once a month in Colorado and I expect to get lots of use from this .
 I just want to say I love this Hiking pole with Mono Pad . I would always get back in the woods and wish I had my Tripod with me for my camera , but who wants to carry a Tripod around through the woods . This works great for me . I always have a walking stick while I 'm in the woods and with this if I need a Tripod I have one . Just take the knob off and there is a mono pad . Wish I would have thought of that . I might not be so broke . lol . . Thanks AmazonKurt Surber
 A great product for the money . I would n't take it on hike up Mount Everest , but for everyday hiking it 's fine . Do n't get it for the compass or thermometer
 I have been using sticks for a year . Some times one some times 2 . They are very functional and price is right
 I used this to go down the Grand Canyon and back . The coming back up part is where I do n't know what I would have done without it ! I did n't know how well it would hold up but I did n't care . Thought worse case scenario it 's a one trip pole . At the end of the trip back up it was still intact . I also used it as a walking pole in the Zion Narrows constantly sticking it into water . I thought this would surely be the end of it and I was prepared to see its demise . I still have it . It does n't even have a scratch and I intend to keep on using it . The shock absorption is nice too , specially hiking the Grand Canyon . When I finally got around to using the monopod function , I wished I 'd actually done it sooner!Updated
 Used walking stick for 2 wks in Greece , So far very pleased with the purchase . Seems durable , easy to adjust .
 Great hiking stick also used for carrying camera during paranormal investigation having thermometer also gave temp change . For the price it is awsome will be doing back-country hiking this sprig with it
 Is light , works for hikes however is sort of big once you fold it and not able to put inside my backpack it will be a problem if I want to travel overseas with it , I dont think they authorities will allow me to travel with it inside the plane .
 This is an outstanding walking stick , or as I use it , a balancing pole . My sense of balance is very very poor and when standing still I need something to keep me steady . It definately solved that problem , also the detachable knob and camera holder make taking pictures for me a breeze . Thanks for the Hammer
 What some of the previous reviewers have said is true , the locking mechanism is counterintuitive , it turns in the opposite directions of the markings , but that being said , this is a great item . Just got it and took it on a 6 mile hike . Its light weight , I feel safer walking with it and for the money you ca n't go wrong . I am glad I bought it .
 This pole is a good starter pole for hikers that venture out every once in a while and take on vacation . It is very similar to many of the higher priced poles that cost 4 to 5 times the amount of money . I worry about the longevity of this product , but for my uses , it is an excellence find . Highly recommended for the casual hiker or beginner .
 This is one great staff , you can easily store it when not in use , A stable stick for your camera and you can find your way if you get lost , by using the compass .
 Bought for my wife to use while hiking - we bought it to use as a monopod for the camera , but it 's not as useful as we had hoped . It works great as a monopod and it works great as a hiking pole , but it 's cumbersome switching from one use to the other . The thermometer is wildly inaccurate .
 These are the best personal lights available . I carry one on each key ring and have been using them for years . The clips will break once in a while , but all you do is mail them to ASP and they send you another one free . The only reason I bought more is because I end up giving them away .
 I like to pistol hunt and needed a strong yet versitle holster for my hand cannon . I have a Super Redhawk in 454 Casull with a 7.5 inch barrel . This holster is easy to assemble and has quite a bit of adjustment . You can remove the shoulder strap and attach the holster to a duty belt for side carry as well -LRB- beware
 Works good with a scope or red dot sight , it is comfortable to wear as long as you have something to cover part of your neck because sometimes the strap will ride up , I would recommend it to my best friend
 Works great . Holds large frame revolvers securely and looks good . Strap configuration and directions could be simpler . Need camo color
 I have used this during the 2012 deer hunt in Maine . Unfortunately , I did not bag a deer , but had the opportunity to use this holster and it met my expectations in every way . Very comfortable to wear and out of the way for manuerablity while driving ATV . Great product !
 I had a hard time finding a shoulder holster to fit my Taurus 44 mag raging bull that would be for hunting . Finally found one on amazon that was a reasonably price . Holster works great and fits my 44 mag perfectly with scope on . Also , got the cover to keep my revolver clean going thru the brush .
 This knife was sent to me in Iraq . It survived two tours in the marine infantry and has cut everything ; plastic , rope , wood ... It came with a great edge as do all benchmades but it is very hard to find anyone that can bring it back to its original edge . It is very heavy for a knife which is one of the reasons that I like it and the handle is large enough that it will not slip out of your had when wet or bloody . The ribs on the handle add to the grip but they do a good job of eating through your cloths if you have it clipped to you . I have worn this everyday for four years and use it for everything , this knife was made to last .
 I was given this knife as a gift and later picked up the automatic version of it as well . Turns out I prefer this version over the automatic . I have been using it for just over three years now.Knife body is all metal construction and extremely solid . Fits very well in hand , curvature of the body molds to the palm and the flairs/grooves before the blade provide excellent grip and security in hand while using it . The ergonomics are equally excellent when you hold the knife backwards and take the more aggressive reverse grip.Legendary Benchmade locking mechanism , equally easy to open and close the knife with one hand . No problem . You can not close the automatic version with one hand , which is why I prefer this one.I periodically apply a dab of gun oil to the locking mechanism and blade pivot to keep them smooth . I can give a good push on the thumb tab of the blade and it will fling into locked , open position . That 's how smooth the mechanism is -LRB- and why an automatic version of this knife is not really necessary -RRB- . The blade is a little shorter and little thinner than I would ideally like , but I have never had an issue with it in application.Benchmade service is excellent . I had another Benchmade that had the clip break off ; mailed it with a $ 5 check for shipping back to BM and they replaced the clip , sharpened the blade , cleaned the knife and had it back to me within a week . I have not yet needed to send this one in for anything though .
 I own the auto version of this and will be buying this version soon ! I just ordered a griptilian and am slapping myself for not buying this instead . The reason why is because I 'm now a vet/civilian , when I was in the Army this knife was legal to have on me , during work , etc. . Now , if I actually have to use a knife in self defense , etc. . I will be screwed with an automatic knife . Even though the automatic version of this is the best knife I 've ever owned in my life I have to accept the fact it 's now illegal . Not only that , if I was to get pulled over and searched , and had the automatic knife on me , and the LEO recognized it as automatic , it would be confiscated from me :-LRB- . I highly suggest buying this knife , if you want a good evenly distributed weighted knife that is ambidextrous for us lefties !
 This is the nicest pocket knife I 've owned . It came razor sharp out of the box . It is very solid feeling and well balanced . The handle is ergonomic , and very easy to grip . It has some roughness to the handle , which helps to grip even in wet or slippery conditions . Although the roughness of the handle over time could wear a hole in your jeans . These knives are a higher quality steel and construction than your typical buck or gerber knives , which are great can openers but do n't hold an edge for skinning or slicing meat or vegetables such as tomatoes . This is a great knife , and I feel like I got a great deal by purchasing through Amazon , and got free super saver shipping .
 A serious work of art and design . The patented machined grip bites into your hand , even with wet gloves feels secure.I can see these grips eventually chewing up my jeans , but I wont loose it like I did my last Benchmade , also , do n't expect fast deployment like the smooth handled models .
 I purchased this knife as a wedding gift for my husband . The knife was top quality and he loved it ! Very sharp and looks great too !
 So , i 'm a cyclist . i find a lot of things when i ride . cell phones , tools , toys , money , credit cards , check books , drivers licenses -LRB- yes , plural -RRB- , cd 's , wallets even . the other day , i rolled across this knife . tossed it in my pocket , and rode on . got home , realized , hmm , this is a pretty sweet knife . it has obviously seen a lot of work and been run over by a truck or three . still works . a little sticky at times , but i have yet to clean it . i 'll post a pic in a bit , but the black finish is quite work i 'm guessing from a sharpening . but , i 'm not complaining .
 I 'm a knife guy and so are most people that are considering ordering this knife . it 's a great knife . easy one handed operation . tough knife .
 THIS IS DEDICATED TO THE HEROES WHO ARE NOT LONGER HERE ... ALL VETERANS INCLUDING THE VIETNAM WAR ...
 POW/MIA NEVER FORGOTTEN!On the inside of this support band it says `` MADE IN USA '' . . and allows me to proudly show my support.It is made by Magnet America , and very high quality . I have worn this for almost a year , every day . . and it has yet to break . MyFreedom Is n't Free Wristbandsfinally broke after a year , so I figure I will get another one of these while I 'm at it . Never forget our troops , especially the POW and MIA ...
 Anyone can look at my wrist and see what my causes are . It was so good to add to my yellow -LRB- support the troops -RRB- band , pink -LRB- breast cancer awareness -RRB- band , and my camo -LRB- 1-800 Go Guard -RRB- band with the black POW/MIA .
 You 'll want to use this on a table or on the separately-available Coleman stove table . You flip the lid , open the two side wings , attach your fuel source and the Piezo bits ignite the fuel as you open the control . It works most of the time . After a few years it works some of the time . I 'd say buy the regular non-electric version and start out using matches or a lighter to touch it off rather than spending more for this model . As time goes by , you 'll be lighting the burners with a match , anyway.If you want to use the Coleman `` camp stove oven '' then you will want to consider buying a THREE-burner stove . I 'd also HIGHLY RECOMMEND getting one of those Lodge cast iron griddles . They work GREAT with this stove and make incredible breakfast burritos and pancakes!The Coleman camp stove is as essential as a tent or a sleeping bag . It 's a great design , a real classic .
 Im a hardcore raider fan and i bought these fuzzy dice to decorate my car so i could n't be much happier great product .
 This was exactly what I was looking for and I got it at a great price with shipping . The item arrived on time and was the receivers favorite gift this christmas .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 I purchased the Jay Cutler jersey for my son at Christmas . He absolutely loved the jersey and the quality was excellent !
 Skied with these gloves yesterday in 7 degree weather , they were warm for hours . If you are looking for warm these are the gloves for you . Would purchase again .
 This glove is very solidly constructed . After multiple tough outings , it does n't show any wear . My hands have stayed dry and warm during some strenuous hiking in snowy weather.As a disclaimer , I am affiliated with Gore for product testing of Gore-tex and Windstopper garments for the purpose of product review and recommendation . I do receive items from Gore for these purposes .
 This toy is asume ! I 've always wanted one as a littel kid , now my brother has on and it is fun to play with!get this toy if you get any , your customer & friendCK
 I purchase the valslide for myself and for my clients since i am personal trainer , my clients just love it , not only does it tones you up it also works on the cardiovascular system , therefore you are getting two for one . For myself , i like it because it is very easy to carry around for a quick workout as for when i go on vacation or just when i am at home , i recommend it for those that do n't have much time to workout and for personal trainers to use for their clients .
 Length :
 We have had this over 3 years now and it is holding up well . The kids play it sometimes when they have friends over , but it is not a toy they frequently use .
 I live and camp in North Florida which seldom gets below 32 degress , but is always humid , so I wanted synthetic fill bag . I wanted a bag that was lightweight , not too warm , and can deal with damp conditions . I 've taken this sleeping bag out twice now in Florida Autumn weather . Both times have been in the low 40 's and it has performed wonderfully . It kept me plenty warm , almost too warm . No cold spots and all the loops come in handy . I definitly recommend this product .
 This is a really nice sleeping bag . It kept me plenty warm yet it was still light wieght and compact enough for my backpacking trip to the Boundary waters . I was 100 % satisfied .
 I use to take tennis lessons when I was young but have n't played in a long time . I bought this racket and I absolutely love it . It has a very nice grip is very light and has very good ball control . It does n't make you play like Roger Federer , but its a good start !
 This is an amazing racquet and especially amazing for its price ! I used this racquet recently and it gives you excellent comfort and strikes very powerful backhands and serves ! I recommend this racquet to everyone who is beginning tennis or who is a tennis veteran !
 This was a good buy and my boyfriend , a die hard New England fan , loved it .
 This gun is amazing . It comes with 2 clips that hold 250 bbs . The sights on this gun is perfect . The gun has settings were u can change from semi auto to full auto . The gun comes with a strap , bbs , two clips , and two rechargable batteries.This gun is also very easy to use . It comes assmebled and all u need to do is to charge the batteries and learn how to use the clips . This gun is powerful and great for beginer airsoft shooters.I have 5 guns and this is my favorite .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 This Solarez product is for fixing fiberglass surfboards , not newer epoxy surfboards.This is a clear resin that comes out of a tube and you apply it to cracks or holes in your surfboards.The stuff cures and hardens under UV light -LRB- sunlight -RRB- in about 5 minutes.After it hardens you must sand it smooth or apply another coating if needed.The package comes with a small square of sandpaper with a coarse side and a fine grit side.This is best for smaller dings/cracks but if you apply many coats you can fix even larger cracks and holes.Do not use this on an epoxy surfboard or you will damage the glassing.The stuff is clear so if you have a colored surfboard the repair site wo n't color match.I 've been using Solarez for over 10 years and every surfer should have this at home !
 After applying the resin , my surfboard appeared new as if no dent occurred.Even after 2 weeks of application , it remained in new condition . I recommend this product to anyone because of its excellent results .
 Have used this stuff quite a bit and it does exactly what it says it does . Can be tricky to manipulate when first trying it out . Watching some You-tube videos was a big help . It dries clear , but if you want a cloudy look just use some sandpaper and it will be more of a solid color . The only recommendation is use it with Mylar plastic as it will not stick to the product .
 I 'm not an expert when it comes to shaping boards and laying perfect fiberglass . So when I need to do a ding repair , the easier the better . My main concern in repairs is a WATERTIGHT seal and something that looks halfway DECENT . Not perfect . But I do n't want a finish that feels like a golf ball.And that 's what this stuff is for . It has fiberglass fibers already infused in the resin , adding strength and durability to your repair . Just rough up the dinged area with some 80-100 grit sandpaper . Apply solarez to the ding , extending 0.5 inches beyond the ding . Let cure in the sun for several minutes . Sand and shape to your liking . Apply a very thin second coat if you want to be safe.No more mixing PART A and PART B in perfect ratio . Just grab this stuff and go . Use a popsicle stick for application . Very easy.TIP
 This product was easy to use , and work well . Did ding repair on SUP board without any problems instructions were great .
 Been surfing for about 10 years now and always had any dings professionally , now with times being rough economically I decided to try and repair dings myself . After doing a lot of research I decided to try out solarez ! Couldnt be any happier !!! Very easy to use , hardenens in about 3 minutes when exposed to the sun , and easy to sand !!! Still have a lot of solarez after filling a 4 &#34; wide gash in the rail of my board and will deffenitely use it on my nexr repair !!
 PRODUCT WORKS WELL WHEN IT HARDENS . I USED IT IN THE EVENING & IT HARDENED BY MORNING . HAPPY WITH THE RESULTS
 Received my order in 2 days and was impressed with the product . Easy to use and very strong.It does what the manufacturer says it does.Would recommend it to anyone .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 We loved this product . It fit my three years old son ! However , he did not wear pads so if you are looking for something where pads should fit , this may not be the size for a three year old . My husband is a chargers fan , so other than the team , he loved it too . The material is durable and we appreciated the option of ironing on the number of your choice . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I bought this for my grandsons third birthday . He loved it ! The pants are polyester , but that was the only negative thing . I love the entire outfit . The helmet is just great !
 This outfit was the best gift for my nephew who is a big fan of football and his dad is a big Chargers fan so it was fun for both . Great quality material and true to size .
 I 'm using a few of these to connect my pair ofKRK RP5G2 Rokit G2 5In Powered Studio Monitor -LRB- Single Speaker -RRB- to my iMac via theFocusrite Scarlett 2i2 2 In/2 Out USB Recording Audio Interface . I was shocked and thrilled upon seeing these . The cables are so thick ! The plugs are hefty ! The stress reliefs are strong ! Woohoo ! As opposed to the cables I had been using prior , these are very well shielded . I do n't notice any noise whatsoever . Sound quality is terrific.Incredible construction , hefty connectors , proper shielding , great sound and a lifetime warranty . I could n't be any happier !
 One of those things you buy it once and you 're good for years to come . Lifetime warranty ... had one short out a year back after 4 or 5 years and having my speaker cab right against the wall , it finally got an intermittent short . They shipped me a replacement without any hassle .
 This cable is awsome before buying this i have use several monster cables to hook up my bass cabs but they always go out after a few months they have an unlimited warranty , but for what you pay for monster brand products they should last . This is the custom planet waves cable for the same price as the standard monster cable these are STOUT they have great strain relief and crazy thick sheilding do n't look anywhaere else planet waves rocks !!
 These cables are simply the best !!! Well made , long lasting and noiseless . They are all I ever buy these days ...
 I LOVE this rebounder . It supplies a great workout , with as much or as little effort that you wish to exert . I use it almost every day and I feel so much better.The stabilizer bar is nice to have too , even if you do n't hold on to it , knowing it is there makes you feel safer.I would recommend this rebounder to anyone shopping for one !
 I had been purchasing cheaper models for my severly autistic daughter . She jumps on the trampoline -LRB- placed in our living room -RRB- throughout the day to assist with her sensory issues . I decided to try buying this more expensive brand as the cheaper models only last a few months - and so far , so good . Much easier to assemble , appears to be more sturdy .
 The Needak Rebounder is a great way to exercise . Someone else recommended it to me and I love it . I use it for a few minutes several times a day . Read the book that comes with it and start out slowly .
 GREAT BOUNCE !! . . LOVE the BAR ! I had a 14 ft trampoline , which I truly miss . I am thrilled that I can have so much fun on such a small trampoline !! I MUST HAVE ! . . SPEND the extra money ! It 's WORTH IT !!!!
 Love this rebounder . My doctor said I needed to get moving to help control my cholesterol levels and this definitely keeps me moving . I use this more than my treadmill . Nice with the stabilizing bar , glad I got it too .
 What an enjoyable way to get exercise ! It was easy to assemble and is easy to move to clean floor . The bar gives me a lot of security against possible falls .
 I really like Planet Waves cables . They are reliable , noise free and well made . I choose this brand over other well known ones for value .
 As a Jazz Guitarist for the past 45 years , I thought I had a good handle on what quality equipment meant to live performances . Unfortunately , I never paid much attention to instrument , speaker , or microphone cables , and what a mistake that has been . I recently changed all my cords -LRB- the vast majority of which are now Planet Waves -RRB- , and the difference is astonding . Clarity , crispness , and no distortion are now the rule of the day . Quality cables enhance a quality performance . Amazon 's pricing is excellent .
 I bought the front half of this product from a vendor at the MN Horse Expo ; the package did n't contain the back half . When I questioned the vendor , she said the back half tends to get tangled in brush when riding on narrow trails . Regarding the front half , it works splendidly . Bugs do n't get up beneath it , and I only have to apply toxic bug repellent to the back half of my horse and her belly . There is a little gap between the top of the neck piece and the edge of the fly mask , to which I normally apply a bit to Avon 's SSS . We ride a lot in the early evenings , and I am convinced this bit of equine clothing makes for a more comfortable , as well as safer ride because I 'm not leaning over the saddle horn every minute to wipe away bugs . I am looking for a back half only , since we ride on groomed trails that are several feet wide .
 This boat has exceeded my expectations from day one ! Durable , easy to inflate , superb tracking , compactness , and most of all very comfortable ie no backpain which I 've had in other kayaks ! We 've paddled in snow , rain , heavy winds , in beaver dam infested rivers and in back country lakes that have never seen a boat on them.Setup and pack up is quick and easy . They kayak easily rolls up and fits back in the backpack . The material is very thick and durable . Tracking is excellent due to fin and low profile in water - paddling in a 60km offshore wind on a small lake this boat tracked so much better than a friend 's canoe which was forced to return to shore.Four piece carbon fiber paddles make hiking a lot easier with the kayak . Make sure to treat the boat with the UV Tech spray to protect from UV rays . In cooler conditions wear rain gear as your legs will get wet from paddling.This boat is best suited for smaller inland lakes and rivers . It 's not suited for rivers with submerged rocks or other obstacles as you will snag the fin and potentially damage the area the fin attaches to .
 After a couple of weeks of online research I bought the sunny . I am extremely impressed with the ease of setup and handling of this boat . It takes at most 10 minutes to set up . I use a LVM 12 volt inflator and a boat people top off pump . The only hassle is inflating the seats as neither the LVM or the top off pump fit the valves on the seats . I have to use a third foot pump in conjunction with some self made vinyl hoses -LRB- used to connect the pump nozzle to the valve -RRB- in order to inflate the seats . As others have said , inflate the seats first , put them in the boat and then inflate the side tubes . I inflate the floors last after putting the tracking fin in . If you forget the tracking fin you will notice it right away as the boat turns left and right with each paddle . The nice thing is that you can simply let some air out of the floor , lift the boat up and put the tracking fin in.When inflated to specs , the boat is fast and tracks very straight . I paddled it in 15-20 MPH winds and the boat had no trouble going up wind . To me , it seems to track and go as fast as other rigid sit on tops that I 've paddled . I have no problems averaging 3.5 MPH in this kayak . Just for fun , I tested it on a dead sprint and it made 5.6 MPH top speed on my Garmin GPS . These tests were performed with one paddler . It also continues to `` coast '' for quite a bit when you stop paddling . Very efficient hull.The nice thing about this boat is that it is fairly light . I can easily pick it up -LRB- fully inflated -RRB- with one hand and carry stuff in my other hand on the way to the launch . No need for multiple trips when its time to go.The boat comes with a nice dry bag back pack . The bag is a tight fit so if you are planning to put the boat back in the bag you will have to pay close attention to folding the boat just right . I needed a second person to help get the boat back in the bag after folding it up . Personally , I would only use the dry bag backpack to pack the boat into some remote location . Otherwise , the boat will likely go into a tub when done . One other note , if you are paddling in windy conditions , be sure to connect a line between you and the boat if you are going to go into the water . Otherwise you may find yourself stranded when the boat blows downwind faster than even Michael Phelps can swim.This was a fantastic purchase . We plan to take it with us on trips to estuaries , local lakes as well as Hawaii and wherever else there are paddling opportunities . It will be in my family for a long time to come .
 I 've had the Sunny for two years as of this writing and have had no problems or issues . This is a very well built kayak . It works equally well as a single and double . It really handles quite well in diverse situations . I have been out on rivers , ponds , numerous larger lakes including Lake Michigan . The Sunny handles chop quite well , in fact better then most sit-on-top hard-shells . Of course it wo n't be up to what a true sea kayak can do as far as speed and distance , but for what it is I ca n't recommend it enough . It does n't quite have the glide you get with a hard-shell but the Sunny is considered among the faster inflatables on the market . With the fin installed the tracking is very good.The seats are very good but I have found for me and my partner that we use some extra closed cell padding . We do n't use it for comfort as that is not an issue , but to raise us up a bit so it is easer to not hit the sides with the paddle . It should be noted that we both are about 5 ' 2 ' so for us this issue comes up with nearly all kayaks . Even with both of us higher in the kayak which raises the center of gravity , it is still very stable . I do notice a difference , but not enough to be a concern . This kayak works very well for shorter people , which ca n't be said for many kayaks , both inflatable and hardshell.As an apartment dweller a hardshell is not possible for me . Also trying to transport a hardshell with a compact car is not an easy task . The Sunny has really solved the problem as it can be transported with any vehicle . You could even do it on a bike with a trailer.Two thumbs up for this one . It 's expensive , but in the world of inflatables you generally get what you pay for .
 It works as advertised . Not a lot to say about a bike rack . I have hardly any wobble from mine , and I suspect those that do did n't assemble theirs correctly or are n't tightening the hitch pin bolt down far enough . My only complaint is the weight -- it uses a really heavy steel tube for the vertical portion of the rack , which I do n't quite understand . The vertical tube has the lowest load , with the highest load being on the hitch draw tube . But it 's not that big a deal . It just increases the weight on the rear of the car needlessly .
 I got this rack from my local Dick 's sporting goods store . This was the cheapest hitch rack I could find . As some other reviewers noticed it wobbles a lot but this proved not to affect the rack 's performance . I was able to attach all different kinds of bikes as well as my XC skies and ski poles.Everything was great until I went skiing in extreme cold . When I came back the straps were breaking off . I do not know if this was caused by cold or if some kid had fun with my rack . So now , out of 8 straps only 5 are functional which means I can put only two bikes on . This is the only problem I had with this rack , besides that I would efienetely recommend it . Do not spend money on brand or hype , get what 's cheap and works .
 We also bought this bike rack because of the price and it will hold 4 bikes . It could be improved on the Hitch end but it was not bad . It does tend to loosen at highway speeds but we use it with the larger attachment for class 3 hitches . It kept our bikes from damaging our Suburban . We use it for adult bikes and also several smaller BMX bikes . It is more challenging to get the BMXs on . One trick is to make sure you swing the arm down to mount the one inside bike , then tilt it back up for the other three . Also use a wrench and tighten the hitch bolt very tight with the lock washer or it will loosen on the highway . We also bought a big Schwin cable lock to run through the bike frames for security while parked .
 I have owned this Graber bike rack for about 5 years now . My wife picked one up from our local Target store for my birthday one year . In the 5 years it has traveled thousands of miles between the states of Wis. , MN , and ND with not so much as a hiccup . I have carried 4 bikes on it , including 2 adult and 2 kids bikes.One of the kids bikes is oddly shaped yet still fits fine -LRB- 20 '' -RRB- . One of the kids bikes is an 16 '' and works as well . It is a bit of a stretch to get any bike on the spot between the rack and the vehicle . I usually put the smallest bike back there.I have had vehicles with both a 1 1/4 '' receiver and a 2 '' receiver . If you use the included threaded pin with the tightening shim , there is next to no wobble with either configuration , even with the plastic 2 '' adapter . The shim goes inside the square pipe of the bike rack . Then when you insert the pin with the threads near the head , through the receiver and the bike rack tube and the shim bolt , and ratchet it down tight , everything becomes nice and snug . I have to wonder if other reviewers correctly used the shim or if they are using the shim at all.I also like the fact that this rack folds down and allows you to get into the back of your vehicle . A lot of racks in this price range do not have that feature . You can also easily fold down the horizontal bars that hold the bikes for more compact storage in your garage . The straps also work fine , although the little nubs that hold the straps do tend to mis-shape a little bit . However , I have never had one unstrap by itself in the 5 years I 've had it.Yes you can get fancier , more refined bike racks from Thule or Yakima and others , but you will also pay an arm and a leg . I agree with one reviewer that the large tube construction seems like over-kill and adds a lot of weight , but this Graber is also SOLID and yet wo n't break your budget . This Graber has given me no reason to look elsewhere for another rack , nor consider upgrading . I have been happy with it .
 I have now owned one of these for 5 years , is a decnet product . It can sway as some have mentioned , that is a use for bungie cords ! &#60; br / &#62; I have used this product , fully loaded , traveling 500 + miles each way several times , and thru the mountains , with no real problems . The retainers are now showing some age and cracking , so I am looking for replacements to contine using the product .
 I have a Jeep Liberty with a full-size spare mounted on the tailgate ; I needed a hitch receiver extension which I already had . I can easily put 4 bikes on this rack , one of which goes between the rack and the spare tire ; the other 3 are on the `` outside '' part of the rack.There is wobbling , but that was EASILY fixed by purchasing two Hitch-Vise HT-3 clamps
 I have had one of these for a number of years . When I purchased it , it came with completely separate parts for both the 1-1/4 '' and 2 '' hitch receivers . No adapter needed for the 2 '' . Now , it looks like it is basically the 1-1/4 '' model with a shim for the 2 '' receiver . My old vehicle was 2 '' , now I have a 1-1/4 '' receiver . My problem now is that I am trying to track down parts so that it will work with the smaller receiver . -LSB- ... -RSB- Now , the Saris site is displayed . For me , it has been a solid unit , but I do agree with the comments on the straps . I bungee everything and it works fine .
 I shopped all over and this was by far the best bet for the money with the best quality that I found with the features of more expensive racks . I 've used it for two bikes and for four bikes and it stays far enough away from your vehicle as to not mar your finish or affect the ride of your vehicle ... I really endorse this product without hesitation !
 I 've had many many hitchracks in my lifetime , but by-golly this one takes the cake . It 's so great ! .
 I was very afraid to purchase this rack reading some of the reviews , but I did anyway and I love it . Very sturdy rack , as long as you follow the instructions to the T . Now I have a two inch hitch -- I do n't know if that means anything or not . But I would recommend this rack to anyone .
 I bought this rack at Target in 2004 - since then I 've thought about replacing it with Yakima , Thule , and Rola racks , but I like the Graber rack 's simplicity and solidity , and have instead done a few simple things to improve it.I do n't need to carry 4 bikes , only 1 or sometimes 2 . So one of the first things I did was to cut the bars down to just the right size for 2 mounted bikes . I also do n't need to swing it down to access the back of my SUV , so I replaced the pin & cotter key with a threaded bolt and lock nut , romped down as tight as I could get it.Rack Sway
 After reading all these reviews , I was not going to get this bike rack , but did anyways . And I 'm very impressed , if you follow all of the directions to the T , you will have no problems . This bike rack is very sturdy I could stand on it and not be afraid of it breaking . In spite of what the others say about wobble it does not for me . Now I have a 2 '' hitch and had to use the adapter . For the price you ca n't beat it .
 I have had this product for over two years and it has not failed to hold on to my bike yet . However , my only issue is that the heavy duty plastic straps that hold the bikes on have started to snap off . I have lost 3 of 8 straps and there does not seem to be anyway to replace them -LRB- short of using a home created version ... NOT SAFE -RRB- . The vendor does not appear to be available on the Internet or sell replacement parts as I need .
 I have been using this rack for over 7 years . The first 4 years it was used twice a day , year round , as part of my commute . The rack is always on the car , for seven years . The plastic straps failed after about 2 years , I resorted to cam-lock nylon straps and finally replaced all the saddles . I never had a bike become unsecure , but still use the cam-lock straps as insurance . Using a different rack I did almost loose a bike , so always use the straps on the 3 racks I have . I had expected the threaded bolts that secure the bike support arms to the rack frame to wear , but I 've kept them lubed with anti-seize and there 's no rust or noticeable thread wear . The only time I noticed appreciable sway was when the bolt securing the rack to the hitch loosened , I carry a wrench and check it . I frequently carry 4 bikes and would recommend this rack without hesitation .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 This holster is a good value . It holds the revolver well , and is easy to conceal . It was a little stiff at first , but has now `` taken it 's shape '' after keeping the revolver stored in it for a while . Good starter holster for CCW . Leather is good quality , and construction is sturdy . Bianchi makes quality products , and I am happy with my purchase . Gun is held in place well , but is easy to draw when needed . This holster is a good value .
 Holds the firearm snug and the belt clip is easy to manipulate . Very comfortable to wear either strong-side or cross-draw while fishing . Good quality product .
 I love these discs ! They 're a blast to play with . I heard that Black Jax recently upgraded wiring and their lights , the disc I was playing with was awesome !
 If you have worked on marine electrics , you have cut and stripped a wire to find that it had water intrusion which corroded the copper strands . It is impossible to solder and you would be irresponsible to attach a crimp connector to corroded wire , due to voltage drop and resistance heating.Every strand of Ancor wire is tin plated to reduce corrosion . It solders beautifully , bends easily , and has a rugged sheath . It is expensive , but cheaper than ripping out yards of corroded plain copper wire every couple of years .
 Quality wire with a price to match . It is tinned boat wire , good stuff for the salt water corrosion issues .
 A must for any small boat wiring project . Order arrived promptly , product as described . Do n't mess around with anything but the real thing , Ancor marine grade tinned copper wiring , for any wiring project that will be exposed to the elements , vibration and pounding that it will see on your small boat , whether fresh water or salt .
 This was for a secondary bilge pump setup . Works well and sealed routed easily . Boat did n't sink and nobody died , so that was a bonus .
 For the DIYer this is a great buy . Quality wire for a reasonable price . Great for auto and boat projects . Get a repair manual and spool of wire and save big bucks .
 As described and seems to be doing the job -LRB- all of a couple of weeks so far -RRB- . A 4 for now until I see how well it holds up .
 Name brand -LRB- Anchor -RRB- wire is notoriously expensive in boat/marine stores . This was the best price I could find for this gauge wire .
 Purchased to wire up my boat with 12v lights and fittings . The tinned wire is found right throughout and well coated and good consistent electrical insulated cover . Works fine on my boat and happy with quality all round .
 Purchased this hat for my husband for Christmas . The quality is good and it truly keeps your head warm .
 Well all I can say is this is a really warm cap and a great deal . thats it .
 The hat is very nice , as describe , and very warm . Rothco was great to do business with - I 'd recommend to anyone . I had a slight issue with a hat at Christmas and it was resolved in time for gifting .
 love this hat , just what I was expecting to get . fit well and is very warm on those cold winter nights .
 If you want to keep your head warm get his cap . The cap is made in the good old USA .
 Very warm , looks awesome . Worth the cash . Seems well made . Slips upward on you head sometimes , but most beanies do that .
 the right cap to wear in outdoors work . good enough for the navy , good enough for me . its great in the woods when hiking
 I purchased this cap to augment my cold weather gear and I am very pleased . One of the things that I lost in my last divorce was my watch cap that I had last time I was on active duty . This is exactly like I remember a watch cap to be and I really do n't understand the negative reviews . But as a former Marine with sea duty , I can definitely say that this is the real deal and the price was right .
 My package was lost in the mail , and once I notified them they gladly sent me another one and I received it within 4-6 days later =] ! Also , great quality , not too tight and not too loose , it 's just right ; -RSB-
 This is a very nice hat for chilly weather , but definitely not for anything well below freezing for an extended period of time . I was a little disappointed by the fact that it is lightweight . But it will be nice on those chilly , but not-so-cold , nights . Very good cap for the price .
 I wore watch caps for 17 years in the Navy . It was nice to have one again . It 's first rate .
 This cap is really warm . It is a little itchy because it 's wool . FYI
 Super Wool Cap for not a lot of money . It 's soft , warm , durable , and keeps my head dry during a light rain . It 's also inexpensive ; I 'm very happy I bought THIS cap !
 Better than the one I was issued in 1969 . Snug fit and warm on an 6 hour outing on a 2 degree day .
 This cap will keep your head warm and keeps the electric bill low . this is my second one . It is the first thing I put on in the morning . I love it . It is not scratchy and washes well .
 Bought two of these to replace some ancient Navy watch caps . This is a warm , non itchy real wool cap . Much warmer and softer than the el cheapo stocking caps from the big box stores , and I think they will last much longer too . Definitely a good buy . I shopped around a little for prices , and this was the best deal I could find . Great caps .
 It 's the newer style wool cap . It 's great for wear when you want to keep your head warm and the wool makes the wearing comfortable and insulating . What more could you ask for ?
 The Watch Cap was all that I expected . It was warmer than the hand knit version that I had been wearing for the past several years . The purchasing experience was outstanding .
 This replaces a watch cap issued by USAF in 1979 . I wanted to stick with wool rather than a synthetic ; wool still insulates when wet . The new cap looks like it 's good quality , although not as heavy as my old one . I wo n't know if it 's as warm as the old one until we get some really cold weather.Update
 I 've been looking for a solid wool cap locally and have n't found any that where to my liking . As a rule , I do n't order clothes online but I figured a hat would be fine and for the asking price , why not?I took a leap and ordered this item and it showed up last night . I absolutely love it ! The cap is solid , heavy , warm , and in my opinion very tasteful.I 've got a problem with materials that are too soft getting caught on the callouses on my hands , making for an unpleasant feeling . The combination of wool and heavy knit eliminate this problem , something I 'm very appreciative of.This item blows my old cap out of the water and I wholly recommend it as a buy.-Paul H.
 I am very pleased with this hat . It is warm and , unlike the cheap hats they have at the big chain store , it does n't have a seam down one side . I was in the Navy 30 years ago so I ca n't remember how close this resembles what I had back then . But I know it 's much better than the cheap stuff I 've seen in the local big chain store .
 I could not find a plain wool knit cap that was thick and warm . I looked on line for navy watch caps and found the perfect cap . The transaction was easy and the cap arrived in great condition and within the shipping time alloted .
 I think this is just what I wanted . It seems a little on the `` light '' side but feel it will work just fine .
 My daughter was thrilled to get these for Christmas in her stocking . I could n't be happier to find an item that is actually `` useful '' , while our little Rangers fan got something with the Rangers logo on it .
 We just returned from 10 days camping in Yosemite and King 's Canyon . This made perfect toast on our camp stove . This product is a great value ! Toast with make your own omelets in the bag was the favorite breakfast for all - 7 people ages 3-55 ! Plus no dishes to wash ! Awesome . -LRB- Fully aware of the risk of boiling in the bag - once a year I 'm not concerned with so please no lecture ! To minimize risk I bring it to a biol and then reduce the heat , so it 's hot but not boiling . That being said , I will be very excited when Ziploc produces a bag you can boil in safely ! -RRB-
 I bought this toaster for use on my boat , because I do n't have space or power for a traditional toaster . The boat 's stove 's burners are somewhat underpowered compared to a home stove . This toaster produces surprisingly evenly toasted toast , but it takes forever to do it on my stove . Perhaps 10 minutes per side . The toast is really good though , maybe even the best I 've had . You usually have to flip the toast top to bottom once on each side to get even cooking , but if you do it right it is perfect . It folds up very small . Despite the slowness , which is probably a result of my stove , I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 Does n't look like much but does what it is suppose to do . I have used it every time we camp . Folds up nicely and stores in little space .
 I got this for my daughter -LRB- at her request -RRB- for Christmas . She demonstrated how it will cook toast on the campfire . It 's thin , easy to store and transport . The seller shipped it in a timely manner and it was in excellent condition ! This was my first amazon.com purchase , I 'm extremely pleased .
 This worked great and did not take very long . Stay with it or it will burn.Coghlan 's 504D Camp Stove Toaster
 I do n't own an electric toaster . I use this toaster daily on my gas stove and am very pleased with it . I 've been using it for about a year . I call it the improved model because the prongs that hold the bread in place are elongated , so that the slices stay in place better than on my now-replaced six-year-old Coleman camp toaster 's shorter prongs . As for it taking a long time to toast bread on a gas stove , I find that it depends on the bread . Bread with sugar or other sweeteners browns more quickly than health-food breads such as Alvarado St. or Ezekiel . White rolls from the supermarket bakery brown quite quickly . I am very satisfied with this toaster , made in Canada .
 god i love this thing . . we had these toasters when i grew up as a kid camping ... we were very poor when i was a kid and there was often times when we didnt have electric . . but thanks to this little guy we always had toast , works on any gas stove . . it is light weight , compact , travels well . . when i pulled it out on our 1st family camping trip my kids looked at me like i was insane when i said it was a toaster . then i made toast now they think it is awsome . it even works on a charcoal grill , that is if you dont mind mesquite flavored toast . . it will always be an essential part of my camping gear . . it also works for other foods besides toast but i 'll let you have the fun of figuring those out.good luck and happy camping
 I 've been using this on a single burner -LRB- Gasone -RRB- butane stove . I love it . By setting the flame height on medium and WATCHING the bread toast , I 've had the best toast I 've had in years . Crunchy , deep golden brown on the outside , but soft in the middle -- the kind of toast Grandmom 's flip down -LRB- remember those ? -RRB- toaster used to make . I think it actually works faster than the electric toaster I bought Mom for Christmas . I know it makes better toast.Having said that , you have to WATCH this while you 're using it . And the bread needs to be flipped so the outside is inside over the burner after you 're happy with the color of the first side . Easily done with fingers or tongs . The results I 've been getting look like the picture , but the first time I used it I charcoal-ed -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- one side when I turned away to take a cellphone call . If you set the flame too low it will take FOREVER and the bread will dry out , so do n't be too timid about the heat .
 Got this for my house in Croatia where toasters are hard to find . Also used them in Portugal . Simple and effective .
 Bought this as a present for my son who camps alot . Great Christmas present as an addition to his camping gear .
 One bright spot during Hurricane Sandy ! Reminded me of childhood days . Would recommend it as part of emergency supplies just like flashlights , battery radios and bottled water .
 I have used this type of toaster for many camping trips . My last one became very rusty after years of use and abuse . I think for the price you can not go wrong .
 This toaster `` works '' . It is certainly not a home toaster . We have used this a few times in our camper . It 's fairly easy to clean . I am a little bit particular about my toast , so I am not in love.But , if you want toast in the great outdoors , this will work.Definitely gets the job done .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 This is just a great design . Straightforward and easy to set up , you can then make very small adjustments to your position with ease . It works just as it should . It also has a beautiful machined finish . If only more products were designed and manufactured this well ...
 If you are into bicycles then you already know the legendary Thomson quality of their products . Nothing more needs to be said .
 This post expertly suspends my saddle at the location of my choice above the bicycle . Excellent!Seriously , its well made , looks good and is made in the U.S. Nice to be able to support a domestic company and some domestic jobs .
 Well , typical Thomson quality here . It is exactly as I had expected . . light , strong , and precisely machined . I am one of the few people that have had issues with it sliding down here and there , but I 'll figure it out . Perhaps if I get the Thomson post collar my problems will be solved , so for now I will assume that its my stock Cannondale collar causing the slippage.Other than that there is n't much to say here . If you are looking for an affordable high quality seatpost , stop looking and purchase this one . I purchased the setback , and do n't really know if there is another brand comparable in setback posts for mountain biking .
 Este canote atendeu totalmente minhas expectativas . O produto &eacute; leve e tamb&eacute;m muito resistente . J&aacute; tinha a mesa Thompson Elite 70 mm na minha bike de trail e agora est&aacute; completa . Recomendo a todos .
 I ordered from Amazon.com the black setback 27.2 x330mm , but it appears that I received the 400mm one instead . No matter , it works just fine on my bike . The clamp mechanism is good in that it will probably keep your seat in the exact position forever , and in that it allows for very fine-grain adjustment to the tilt . On the other hand , it is a bit of a pain to adjust . But I guess that is still a good trade-off . Do n't be fooled by the claims of super-lightweight seatpost
 ... after struggling to quiet down a squeaky high-end carbon-fiber seatpost , I decided to go back to my old friend Thomson . I do n't know if it 's the tiny ribbing or the general design or some other magic inside the post , but after tightening the seatpost collar bolt to the exact same torque as before , there was no noise . Zip . Zilch.It can be a bit tricky to get the rail assembly put together , but once you get the bolts threaded through the nuts , it is simple . And you can dial in literally any angle you want ; there are no pre-fixed detents as are found on many other posts . And you do n't need 4 hands to adjust it.If you 're a weight-weenie , look at the Masterpiece models
 I felt like I might regret paying top dollar for a seat post . But , Thomson seems to be in a class by itself . Today UPS dropped of my new post and I could not wait to get home and install it . I 'm very impressed with quality of this item . After looking at it and installing it , I can see why it is expensive , but worth it . The picture does not do it justice . It looks like any of several that are online.Along with my new Avenir saddle , this seat post gave me an awesome ride on the trail this evening !! Update
 I purchased this seatpost for purely cosmetic reasons . The post that came on my bike was a cheesy carbon-wrapped aluminum post . It functioned perfectly , but I always felt that it dragged down the appearance of the bike . From that perspective , my new Thomson Elite post has made me happy.Functionally , the seatpost was noticably lighter than the one it replaced . To be completely fair , the Thomson was much shorter than my old one , but it is also machined down much more liberally . The fit and finish is superb . I found no flaws in the machine work and everything fit together exactly as it should . The saddle mount is of a two bolt design and seems very secure . It takes a little more time to adjust , but it 's not difficult . Since installation , I have not had to touch the post for any reason.In a nutshell ... Would I recommend this seatpost to everyone ? Probably not . There are other seatposts that will do the same thing for much less . However , this is a great option if you 're one that pays attention to detail and also happen to be in the market for a pretty light , pretty strong , aluminum post . And if you 're not in a hurry , the prices fluctuate on Amazon so you can pick it up for a fair price .
 It is a Thompson . What more needs to be said . In this era of set back seat posts , this is a great alternative . Really improved my bike fit . The service from Amazon was great-the seat post arrived when they said it would . Very satisfied .
 This is a very light seatpost and it seems to me to be the strongest I 've ever seen , it 's what you expect from a company that only does seatpost and stems
 Thomson has an established reputation for quality bike parts especially seatposts and this model certainly represents it . Very rigid with absolutely no flex . I am a 190lb rider with camelback and gear and it rides very well . Clamping mechanism also is far superior to my old 1 bolt design . Use it with a wtb speed v seat .
 No better mountain bike post can be had in my opinion ... Amazon is the best price I 've seen on these anywhere , especially with prime shipping .
 We bought this seat post as a present for my son . He told us the specifications so our shopping was easy . It arrived well-packaged , and fit exactly as intended on his bicycle . He is a rugged biker and this has held up , so it deserves the rating .
 Strong well-designed seatpost . Got this for my vintage Trek set up along with a new saddle . Admittedly , a lot newer than the vintage gear on it , but the machining and look is great . This is obviously not some cheap throwaway , but a quality bit of machine shop work . Also , it needs to be functional , and this post has a terrific machined top that makes angle and lateral adjustment of the saddle a breeze . The one it replaces relied on a couple of set screws to push against all of the force of the rider in the saddle . Always managed to wiggle loose , and was never easy to tweak the saddle position . Not so here .
 I upgraded my stock seat post and i heard Thomson was the best and i heard right it is so light the seat and my seat post combined weigh less then my old seat post and it my seat does n't slide and its so comfortable i would recommend this to anyone !
 Bought the straight version of the elite seat post over the setback . I wanted to be able to bring the saddle a bit more forward then I could with the setback post I had . Great quality -LRB- USA designed and manufactured -RRB- . Fair price -LRB- amazon was $ 30 cheaper then my local shops -RRB- . Lastly the way you adjust the tilt and fore-aft placement of saddle is so simple and easy yet holds strong . Highly recommend the Thomson Elite Seatpost . If you have the extra cash , spring for the Masterpiece . It 's even lighter and just as strong . One last comment
 This is my second Thomson setback seatpost and I have almost 20,000 miles on the first one so this one was bought based on that experience . It is light , the saddle angle is easy to set and it 's secure once set . The only downside to the setback post is that you need about 3-1/2 -4 '' of exposed post to stay above the `` kink '' that creates the setback . The straight version has no such limitation but I needed the setback . I highly recommend it .
 This is not only light , built strong , looks great but adjust so easily . Remember the one bolt set up ? This actually has a gage that will allow you to make micro adjustments . The post itself is slightly ribbed . It holds the finish well . Very happy with this post .
 This seatpost is very supportive . I am a large sized rider and a stock seatpost just does n't cut it . This piece was recommended to me by more than one bikeshop !
 Thomson sure does make a good looking seat post , I have them on all my bikes . The setback was great for me since I 'm tall and I just needed a little bit more distance away from the handlebars .
 A great product
 Do n't bother to get a carbon seat post . This is the best seat post money can buy . It is very strong , well designed and crafted . I have 2 mountain bikes and I replaced the original seat post with Thomson not because it looks good but it is strong and reliable . if you go to local bike shops , they carry the fix height seat post but if you buy online or Amazon , you can get the perfect height so you are not having excess weight . - Make sure measure the right size for your bike frame . Santa Cruz bike always use 30.9 mm diameter - Since I do n't need tall seatpost and I am very small build , I bought the shortest 287mm . -LRB- save weight -RRB- It is so easy to mount your bike seat on the seat post and you can adjust the angle easily . It is so easy to clean when dirty and my first seat post of more than 10 years and still looks very new . They never get rust or changes in color . I will recommend to anyone who want to replace the existing seat post .
 As a bigger guy -LRB- 195 lbs . -RRB- , I chose the Thomson Elite over their Masterpiece due to weight tolerances . -LRB- The masterpiece is recommended for riders under 200 lbs. , but I figured my Camelback stiffed with water and gear would be pushing it . -RRB- The seatpost itself is very light , perhaps even comparable to carbon posts costing quite a bit more . The fit and finish are excellent and the little protractor type markings on the top of the shaft help for precise adjustment , making dialing the angle in a breeze . I 've heard that these posts are engineered to bend instead of snapping when overloaded , so you can even ride them home after they are damaged ! While weight weenies might complain that it is n't quite as light as the Masterpiece or carbon units , it is very close and offers superior strength and great stiffness . I would highly recommend this seatpost to serious mountain bikers and anyone with the cash to swing it . AS a side note , the shipping was fast -LRB- before est. arrival date -RRB- and the transaction effortless .
 everything functions perfectly as it says , nice that there are different wrist bands . Perfect for the gym or running or whatever is all you need is the time . However , its slightly hard to see at times , and there is no stop watch or timer or anything , just the time and date . It was also kinda hard to set the time and date , but its perfect for me .
 Excellent quality and good fit ! Great Price ! I Did n't know I could get clothes on Amazon . Thank goodness for the link !
 I was looking for and reviewed many helmets . I wanted one for my 9 month old and this fits her well .
 We bought this helmet for our 2.5 year old to wear on his balance bike and the fit is great and it seems comfortable .
 fits to my kid 's head great . She doesnt mind wearing it which means that it is comfortable and I feel safe knowing that her head will be protected if she falls . it fits snugly and doesnt slide around and the head size adjustment knob is great . i would recommend this product to any parent who is looking for a good toddler helmet .
 Ca n't complain . Fully adjustable , fits our toddler -LRB- from 12 months on up -RRB- and lots of MUCH cuter design options than we were finding in stores .
 sturdy , well made helmet . the pictures are very vivid and appealing . We wo n't have to purchase another helmet for a while since this one `` grows '' with the child . I highly recommend it !
 adjustable , so it fit my 8 month old son and will continue to do so with small adjustments every so often .
 Pros : - Adorable - Fits a pretty small head , which most helmets do n't - Not too bulky for a small person - Easy for a parent to tighten using a dial on the back of the helmet . However , watch out because it 's easy to over-tighten . Cons : - It 's simply hard to keep this on our 1 year old daughter 's head . The problem is that the straps are really hard to adjust and seem to hang loose no matter what we do . There 's a lot of plastic attached to the straps , and I think with a tiny little head and chin , it all just gets in the way .
 The design is cute and the construction looks solid . The only complaint I would have is the difficulty of fitting it to a toddler 's head ! But , I 'm not sure that is something that you can avoid with any helmet ! He can put it on his head -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- , but he can not snap it yet . I do like the safety snap so that it ca n't pinch their skin . It seems to stay on his head well .
 I bought this due to the only infant size available . My daughter is 6 months old and is small for her age due to being a preemie . The helmet fits perfect on her and we feel safe taking her for a bike ride on our bikes . I am a strong advocate for bike helmet safety , my niece was hit by a car and her helmet saved her life .
 We just got a child seat for my bike so my son and I could spend time together while I exercise and since he does n't like to have anything on his head I was n't sure if he would even let me try it on him . As soon as I opened the box where the helmet came in my son got really exited because the helment was very cool looking . He put it on right away and wanted to use it all the time . My son seems to be very comfortable using it and has n't complained about it so far .
 Bought for 1yr old grandson and fit was perfect . Hard to find and infant helmet that worked . Mom and grandson very happy .
 My daughter is 20 months old and she loves to wear her helmet for a bike ride . Fits well , adjustable everywhere . Great product .
 I bought this for my first child when he was 6 months old for when he rides with me on my bike . It 's very hard to find a helmet for kids that age ! Since then I have passed this on to three of my other kids and they all love it . Although my oldest is 5 now and this still fits him , he currently has a `` cooler '' helmet that has flames on instead of ducks.Anyway , the important thing is that this helmet adjusts easily and is comfortable for my kids of all varying head sizes . Thankfully we never had a chance to experience how effective this is in the event of an accident so I ca n't share that aspect of it .
 I bought one of these two years ago for my now , almost 3 year old daughter . It has been a fantastic helmet . It is very sturdy and adjustable . Highly recommend it and I am going to buy another one for my 6 month old son to wear while in the bike trailer .
 My 17 month old son is the size of a 9-12 month old -LRB- clothing wise -RRB- , so I figured I would buy an infant size bike helmet . I did n't realize how small my child 's head is . While the helmet fits him fine -LRB- and he will definitely grow in to it -RRB- , it 's not as snug as we 'd like . -LRB- Plus he hates wearing it -RRB- . I 'm hoping he grows to like it the more he sees my husband and I wearing our helmets . But overall , it is cute - I loved the ducks .
 This helmet fits my 10 month old just fine . I like how there is an adjusting knob so you can tighten and loosen the fit as baby 's head gets bigger .
 Bought the helmet for my 11 month old in preparation for his 1 yr birthday . My son is large for his age and I think that we will get at least a year of use.We have been using the helmet for ~ 1 week on wagon rides -LRB- afraid that he will take a plunge over the side -RRB- and I have been really impressed . The adjustor around the width of the helmet allows for a comfortably tight fit . My son does not seem to mind wearing the helmet -LRB- unless it is really hot outside -RRB- . All and all a good purchase , I would buy again .
 I like this helmet . It was difficult to find a helmet for a child under 3 , but this one fits my son very well , and it is adjustible so I think he will be able to wear it for quite a while . It seems to be made quite well . The chin strap has a no pinch clip on it which is nice , and there is mesh over the front holes on the helmet so bugs ca n't get in .
 This helme fits my one year old well -LRB- with a little room to grow -RRB- . It also seems sturdy . I like that the buckle has a block thingie so you ca n't pinch their little chin .
 My son is 2 . Hard to convince him to do anything . This is on a few times , at least . -LRB- I wore mine for dinner to entice him -RRB- .
 This is a great -LRB- and SUPER cute -RRB- helmet . It is very easy to adjust . Being for a two year old , that was a must .
 I got this for my daughter when she was 2 . I could n't find a helmet to fit her anywhere . This helmet is great and she still wears it today now that she is almost 4 !
 Great helmet for my 10 month old boy . I bought the yellow one b/c it was the brightest , hoping it would be the most visible for my little evil kinevil . His sister has the toddler Giro in the princess pink and she 's been wearing it for two years with no problems . GREAT helmet !
 I received the two Giro Me2 Infant Bike Helmet today and I must say I 'm very pleased with its quality . Just by looking at the product , I knew that the manufacturer took child safety seriously . And for that I thank you !!!
 The helmet fits perfectly and is really light so it does n't bother him at all . 12 month old is wearing it just fine .
 I was quite pleased with some of the fitting options of this helmet when I first used it on my 1year old.Once the straps were adjusted to their proper positioning , I wondered how I 'd get the helmet on snuggly.I was sooo happy to find the little knob in the back that loosens and tightens once the helmet is on and buckled.Speaking of buckle , though the guide is a little tricky to work with , it 's worth the extra hassle for me because it means no pinched chin for baby.I 'm VERY happy with this helmet and would recommend it to others or buy it again .
 This is the only helmet I have been able to find that is small enough for my daughter 's head . It has a dial to control how tight the helmet is and that has been wonderful for us . Most helmets just use pads to make them smaller . This is a helmet we will get a lot of use out of . My daughter is n't too wild about the design , but it fits and is safe so that is all that matters !
 I bought this helmet for my 1 year old granddaughter , knowing Giro would be good quality and well designed . I was not disappointed . The helmet comes with extra pads that gave her a custom fit . Unlike other baby helmets her parents tried for her , the Giro Me2 fits securely and comfortably . She likes to wear it even when scooting around the house in her little push car !
 The first time putting this on my son , he nearly had a heart attack . But after that , he began to become comfortable with . I really like this helmet because it 's easy to size it right . Also being Giro tells me this is a real deal helmet . The flying pigs are awesome !
 My grandson loves having a bike helmet -LRB- his size -RRB- like his older brothers ' helmets . The adjustable-size feature means it will continue to be useful for quite a while .
 I use this for my 20 month old granddaughter . She really likes the purple color , and I really like that this helmet easily goes on her head and can be adjusted by a circular knob in the back.So why four stars ? Because the `` halo '' with the adjusting knob is held on by velcro . On a recent bike ride my granddaugher , while seated in her bike carrier -LRB- Burley Bee , which I have reviewed on Amazon -RRB- started fidgeting with her helmet to take it off . The velcro separated and the next thing I knew the sticky surface was in contact with her head . Not a pretty picture . Fortunately this has not happened a second time yet.Also even when properly adjusted , this helmet has a tendency to slip down on her forehead . Perhaps that will lessen as she gets older and her head gets larger.Before you buy any helmet , go into a bike store and have your child 's head measured . This helmet is for heads 48-52 cm.Bottom line
 I bought this for my 9 month old son . I chose it because I liked the fact that it was adjustable . I know you 're not supposed to put a child in a bike seat until they 're 12 months , so I was scared that most helmets would be too big . He 's average size . Not huge for his age , but certainly not small . And it fit fine . It 's just about as small as it can get right now and it does n't fall over his eyes or move around . It even came with extra padding to put in if it needed to be smaller , which I did n't have to use . I got the airplane one , and it 's adorable . My son does n't mind wearing it , so it must be comfortable , because he usually pulls everything off his head/face .
 I 'm very happy with this helmet . I bought it for my 14 month old and it a good helmet for the price . It 's adjustable in the back which is great for growing kids . Very cute design . In the beginning baby girl did n't really want to wear it but now at 17mo she asks to put it on . Highly recommended .
 Product is as described . I bought it because it was highly rated on Consumer Reports . The only downside is the chin strap is a little difficult to get buckled . Overrall I 'm happy .
 I really like this little helmet . There is not much selection out there for infants , so I took a gamble on this helmet and am pleased . It fits my baby 's head well -LRB- at 9 months old -RRB- and there is plenty of room to grow . The pigs on it are cute too .
 I did a lot of research to see what helmet would be the safest for infants and the Giro Me2 popped up everywhere so we decided that this would be the one we would try first . We take our one year old on bike rides and the helmet fits him very well . I am also a fan of the Duck/Goose design - it fits our son 's personality .
 I researched several child bike helmets , but decided with this one and it works great . It fits my 1-year old really well and the knob in the back allows me to tighten and loosen it for him . I think it will fit him for a while .
 I bought this helmet because it was the only infant helmet available locally at the time . However , although the price is a bit steep , when you take your childs safety into account , it 's worth it . At first I had a bit of a problem figuring out how to fit it to a squirming toddler . But once I did figure it out , it 's easy to adjust . I have now had it over a year , and it still going great . Deedee still loves her pink bunnies . It has n't gotten used at much as I would have liked , but I 'm glad that it 's growing with her so we do n't have to buy another one for her yet . I like that there are several cute designs to choose from . I have heard that it 's better to have a smooth rounded back vs. a back that protrudes , however I ca n't say that I 've noticed a difference . Both of my boys have Bell helmets that do protrude in the back , and they have never complained about it when riding in the trailer or in on of the infant seats . Although this is marketed as pinch free , expect that you will pinch your child once in a while . Especially if the chin strap is too tight . Still , it happens much less often than one the older style clips . Another eason I would reccomend this over a Bell is because of the dial in the back that tighten 's / loosen 's the strap to the perfect fit of the head without having adjust the chin strap . A child 's Bell helmet does n't have this feature .
 I read a lot of different reviews for bike helmets including those of a well-known national consumer 's group magazine . Our local sporting goods store has an array of helmets for kids age 3 and up , but just try and find one for an infant/toddler . Amazon 's reviews were very helpful and I finally narrowed the choice down to the Bell Boomerang and the Giro Me2 . Both were rated well , but the feature that got my vote for the Giro was the adjustable fit system . With just the twist of a knob -LRB- located at the rear of the helmet -RRB- , the inside strap that encircles the infant 's head can be tightened or loosened for a custom fit . This is particularly useful when dealing with an infant who is new to wearing a bike helmet , and therefore resistant to putting it on and fiddling too long with strap adjustments . Giro also includes some extra stick-on foam pads to help provide extra cushion and a good fit . I had the most difficulty finding the right position for the chinstrap . But I suspect with any brand helmet , it would take some finesse to cajole your infant while making the proper adjustment . My son , who is 10 months old , did not like it when I fastened the clip , but once we were on the bike , he loved it and totally forgot about wearing the helmet . I 'm well satisfied with this purchase , plus with Amazon 's free shipping , it was a good deal .
 My baby is 8 months old , and although he certainly does NOT enjoy having the helmet put on his head , it fits comfortably and safely . It takes awhile to adjust it , and I suggest setting aside time for fitting it to the baby BEFORE you attempt to take him/her out as doing so right before you want to leave will only frustrate you and probably really aggravate the baby , thus lending to an unpleasant bike ride/jog . Helmet is lightweight and secure . I would recommend it to a friend , and I would also purchase another if I have another baby .
 My son did not like the helmet we bought at Target which stuck out at the back near the neck preventing him from keeping his head upright during bike rides and causing him to cry . This helmet provided a flat surface so he could keep his head upright and he now enjoys bike rides in the carrier .
 This is adorable . Rated # 2 in safety in tests . -LRB- Chose this one because the # 1 helmet , the Bell Boomerang , has a long part in the back so the child ca n't put their head back in a high seat . -RRB- Not sure if it 's meant to be a `` girl '' helmet , but I got the yellow chicks one for my 20-month-old son , and it does n't look girly -LRB- just was n't as crazy about the blue or red -RRB- . Seems safe and easy to adjust -LRB- LOVE the back wind-thing to adjust tightness-it 's super easy -RRB- . Overall I am very happy with this helmet , I had originally purchased one from Target -LRB- forget the brand -RRB- and it did n't seem half as safe and nice as this one . Would definitely recommend .
 This the only infant bike helmet that I found that would fit my 6 month old baby 's headWe started on the smallest setting and it was perfect.We will be able to use this helmet for quite awhileIt is light wieght and has a really nice claspI really like this helmet
 I purchased this for my three year old and it works great . I really like the turning adjustment in the back instead of trying to adjust the straps manually like you find on other youth helmets .
 Our little girl is petite and extremely active . It was tough to find a bike helmet that would adjust properly . This one is terrific .
 My son is 2 and a half years old and he can still wear it . He also has a big head like his dad .
 Perfect helmet for our son ! We bought this for him when he turned 1 , and we used it for about two years until we thought he could probably use a new one . It was perfect and the design is really cute !
 We have had this helmet for a few years and it has held up beautifully . Our son is very active so he 's had his fare share of bike crashes and this helmet has kept his head safe and injury-free . The high-end bike shops in our town all sell this same model .
 Fits my 20 month old grandson perfectly . Easy to adjust to child 's head under the neck and in the back of helmet . Light weight , yet very sturdy .
 It does not pinch , and my daughter has readily accepted it since we started her using the helmet with her first bike . It fits her teeny tiny head at 18 months , no problem ! Will adjust to fit her for years of use .
 Our biggest concern is that our 2.5 yr old twins would n't want to wear the helmets while riding their new trikes -- these were easy to fit and adjust out of the box with plenty of room to spare -LRB- just turn the dial on the back to adjust the headband . It comes with some extra pads , as well . And they love the designs ! -LRB- Bunnies for my daughter , Planes for my son . -RRB-
 Our grandson loves his helmet so much that he often skypes with us while wearing it . The colorful airpane pattern is very nice .
 grandson has n't put it on yet waiting for the summers and training him young start now make it easier later
 This was part of a Christmas present . It was easy to put on and adjust . Once we had it adjusted , he did n't want to take if off , which was wonderful because we were n't sure how he 'd feel about wearing this &#34; hat . &#34; The dial in the back is great for fine adjustments . Other reviewers helped me pick this brand and I was happy with my choice .
 Really great graphics and the helmet fits my kid really well . Also came with extra padding . I will purchase from them again .
 I bought this helmet for our 18 month old . This helmet great as far as quality . I bought it so my daughter can go on bike rides & she can sit in the bike trailer , but the way the helmet is formed in the back makes it hard for her to sit back in the seat without her pushing it back up out of her eyes so she can see . I have tried adjusting it , but I think she is just too petite . If it is just for riding a bike its perfect . The quality and design is very good that is why I have given four stars .
 My 1 year old thinks that putting this helmet on is so much fun ! He usually will not wear hats or anything , but he just laughs when I put this helmet on and does not mind having it on at all . It was pretty easy to adjust the helmet except that my son would n't sit still . The design is super cute ! This is a great helmet ! Well worth the extra money .
 this helmet looks adorable on my son ... and it can be adjusted to fit his head perfectly
 I am happy with this infant helmet and have no trouble getting 18 month old to wear it . It took a little to get it adjusted onlybecause an 18 month old is n't very patient . She loves wearing it with the pink bunnies on it . I feel the price was very good andI feel that she is protected from injury .
 This helmet was great !!! I love the design . My little one is 7 mo. and he it looks huge on his tiny head , but I like that this would grow with him !!! Yah for Giro to think of babies !
 this was the only infant helmet i could find anywhere and i hate buying things over 10 dollars if i cant touch and handle it first but i really wanted to work out with my lil one , but this helmet met all my expectations i was afraid it would be too big but it fit perfectly and has room to grow with the adjustments available , my daughter is 10 months and is in the 50 % on head circumfrence , at first she kept trying to take it off but after getting on the bike she left it alone , but i would recommend fitting the helmet a day prior to riding bcuz if it upsets the baby with taking it on and off tend to one they are going to be grumpy with the ride!the only reason i did not give it five stars is because i have only had it a day n a half and dont know if it will last as far as quality but SO FAR it seems to be EXCELLENT quality time will tell even more
 I think it 's a great helmet . It adjusts easily , fits snugly and my 18 month old daughter does n't mind wearing it = -RRB-
 I needed a helmet for my 19 month old but could n't find one in my local department stores . I got the little bunny one and it is soooo cute ! I did n't even need to adjust any of the straps . It fit her perfectly . I love it !
 Even though my little on meets the minimum head size it still seems a little baggy . maybe head shape has something to do with it . I love it any way . It 's a great quality helmet . i look forward to using it for years to come .
 Nothing bad at all to say about this helmet . If you are on the fence ... get this . It 's got the nice knob feature that you can use to snug it down around your little one 's head . Once our little guy got used to having a helmet on his head he was fine ... does n't mind it at all ! Would offer great protection too ! Let 's hope he does n't need it !!
 Very safe and secure ! Giro makes the best hemets . A great feature is that you can tighten and loosen the helmet from the back so it fits many head sizes .
 this helmet fits my one year old very well . the adjustable dial in the back allows for a large range of `` circumference '' sizes of an infant/toddler head . the adjustable chin strap allows a good range of height between the chin and head . the helmet fits snug and ive read great safety reviews for this style .
 I love this helmet and so does my toddler ! I brought it to go witht he Schwinn Roadster and it matched perfect . My toddler even likes to wear the helmet around the house .
 After looking everywhere for a helmet to fit my 14 month old son I googled helmets for babies and came across this one . We couldnt be happier with this product , it fits perfectly and is a good quality helmet . As always amazons service was terrific and we received the helmet within days of ordering it . The helmet took a little getting use to but the key is to put it on at the last minute.Great product ...
 I really like this product for my 12 month old . Fits great and had good adjustments so the fit seems comfortable . He actually stumbled forward crawling with it on at first and it worked great.This is the first bike helmet I owned , so I needed to read the instructions for fit which was really easy to understand .
 I hemmed and hawed over which helmet to get out little guy . I chose this helmet and was worried it would not get small enough to fit his head securely -LRB- he 's on the small side for his age - 13 months -RRB- . But , the helmet adjusted easily - it fits him perfectly . We have gone on countless bike rides -LRB- even in the FL heat -RRB- and he does n't get to hot or mind the helmet at all . He does n't try to take it off -LRB- it is very light -RRB- and his head 's not sweaty when I take the helmet off . I am so glad we chose this helmet . Also , the shape of the helmet sort of acts like a visor to keep the sun off my son 's face -LRB- bonus ! -RRB- .
 I thought the duck was adorable and it fits well . The first time fitting it and putting it on was a bear , but now that my little guy associates it with going on a ride , we have no trouble . I would buy it again .
 THIS HELMET FITS OUR SON AND HE DOES N'T HATE IT , BUT HATES WEARING HATS OF ANY KIND . WE WERE HAPPY TO FIND THIS HELMET AS WE ARE READY TO TAKE HIM OUT FOR HIS FIRST BIKE RIDE .
 This is the only helmet that I could find that would fit my 12 month old . It fits her very well . All of the other helmets would fall right off . It is a struggle to get on . She does n't sit still long enough for me to adjust it . When I hook it I almost get hre chin caught in it . The only thing is that I wish it were easier to put on and ajust . It still is a very good purchase . Once the helmet is on it works very well .
 I bought one of these for my 1 year old daughter . It works very well with the exception of getting it to fit right . It took several tries . When you have a screeching baby its not so easy . Its sturdy and made with very light materials . So far I am happy with the purchase
 My husband and son -LRB- 17 months -RRB- were recently in a bike accident involving an SUV and thankfully this bike helmet served its intended purpose . The helmet was cracked but my son -LRB- and husband also wearing a helmet -RRB- walked away without any major injuries and we are extremely grateful to have invested in such a high quality , well fitting helmet . I will be purchasing another one to replace the damaged one as soon as we replace the bicycle .
 We were having a hard time finding a bicycle helmet small enough for our 20 month old son in the stores . I found this helmet online and read some good reviews so we ordered it . This helmet is perfect . It was very easy to get adjusted the first time and is easy to adjust every time we use it , if needed . The best part is my son does n't mind wearing it at all . He hates hats , but will ask to wear this `` hat '' and does n't seem to notice it once it is on his head . Very pleased with this helmet .
 I bought this helmet for my 20 month old son because it is very easy to adjust to the size of his head . It fits him great now and based on how far we tightened it to fit his head , I can tell it will fit him for several years to come . The monkey firefighter design is adorable . When I first put it on my son he fought it , but once we quickly got on the road he immediately forget he was wearing it and he has n't given me any trouble since .
 This is actually my second time purchasing this helmet , our new puppy destroyed the first one :-RRB- I purchased this for my son back in 2009 when he was less than a year old and he 's almost 4 and has been wearing it ever since . I love the adjusting feature , without that I 'm sure we would have bought a few helmets over the years . Very easy to fit .
 Fits well , has adjustable straps , sturdy plastic . It is worn daily by four year old . Very cute and durable , will purchase brand again .
 I was really excited to receive this helmet but unfortunately it did not fit my 1 year old son . If your child is in the higher percentile then do not go by the suggested age range -- go the next size up.I love the print of the airplanes but it would not fit on his head . We will shop for a bigger size for our little guy .
 It is easy to adjust and put on my son . My son loves and will sometimes put it on just to go outside !
 I bought this for my little grandson , he 's just turned one year old . This will be great this summer for riding his little Strider bike and for riding with mom and dad .
 I ordered this helmet after reading other reviews and attempting to buy a helmet to fit a 14 month old . All of the helmets I tried were too large , more geared for 2 year olds , or larger toddlers . This helmet is a good fit for smaller heads , and the parents loved the bright design . Definitely a good product .
 I tried a few helmets before getting the Giro ... ALL the bike shops suggested this one but I was stubborn and wanted to find out for myself , of course . It really is the best ... the back nob to twist the helmet to the correct size is soooo easy and there is no pinching at all . I got this for my 1 year old and it could easily be used for a 6 month old also . It 's super light weight and it has a flat back which is great for not pushing them forward while in the bike seat . The best price was on Amazon for sure and I ordered a few other things as well so I got the free shipping.....7-10 days NOT TRUE ... 3 DAYS ... I got it in 3 days !! Amazing ! Only order from Amazon ... it 's the best !
 I got this helmet for my 13 month old daughter primarily for these features : Fits heads measuring 18.75 to 20.5 inches -LRB- 48 to 52 centimeters -RRB- andMini-Loc fit system with simple strap guides and buckle that wo n't pinch skinMy daughter as 13 month old measured at 46 centimeters for head size . She was still able to use this helmet because of the extra padding that came with this helmet . It took us only 5 minutes to adjust the straps . She did feel uncomfortable at first but once the bike got going she had no complaints , even when she got off the bike.I included a picture of her in her pink bunny bike helmet on the Amazon product page.The child bike seat we chose is theiBert Safe-T Front Mounted Child Bicycle Seat . I left a review for the iBERT too .
 I really like that this is adjustable so it can fit my 1 year old for a long time ! also really like the designs , a nice change from barbie , dora or butterflies like all of them I saw in stores
 Great helmet for my 14 month old . I could n't find any other helmet anywhere to fit a child her age . She loves the bunnies all over too !
 We tried a Walmart helmet and could n't get our daughter to wear it long enough to get it adjusted . The adjuster on this helmet is so quick we had no trouble and it fits well . -LRB- 18 months old at time of purchase -RRB- Covers back of head better than some of the others too .
 We purchased this helmet for our then 15-month old son . And it of course was still too big for him despite the adjustments . Plus , he was n't too keen on wearing a helmet yet at all . In fact , one day he was able to just pull it off and throw it into the street while we were riding . But now , after just wearing it around the house a little bit every couple of days , he loves it ! We also put a baseball cap on him underneath the helmet to prevent it from flopping down over his eyes . That seemed to do the trick ! It is now about 5 months later and we are still very pleased with our purchase . The adjustment dial in the back is key because you do n't have a whole lot of time to fuss with it before he wants you to stop . The back is relatively flat -LRB- not sure how it compares to other helmets -RRB- , and we have a Topeak baby seat for the bike which is slightly reclined so there is definitely no issue about the helmet being too bulky in the back . Our son falls asleep in the bike seat quite easily . It 's a really cute helmet and we got the best price through Amazon as compared to the same helmet at other stores . And he wears it , which of course is the most important thing of all !
 The helmet fits so easy . With the knob to tighten the whole head harness , it is very easy to adjust even on a baby ... Great helmet .
 I like the adjustability so I can use this helmet for awhile . Very cute helmet . Adjustable chin strap is a plus . I like the fact that it looks like a real bike helmet and not just another kids helmet . I love it .
 The helmet fits my 18 month old son perfect with room for adjustment as he gets older . The design is bright and colorful and the price is reasonable .
 This is a wonderful helmet . It can really adjust and grow to fit our daughters head . Not to mention how cute it is . We had a hard time finding something small enough for my daughter , 18 months , but this is a perfect fit .
 Love the cute pink bunnies , and over-all a very good helmet , my only complaint would be that it 's a little hard to adjust the straps with an impatient toddler . But then everything is a little hard with an impatient toddler right ? Otherwise she likes it and doesnt try to pull it off and I feel comfortable about her safety . I did alot of research on the few infant helmets available and I 'd say this is the best one you can find . And did I mention the cute pink bunnies ?
 Cute helmet . The loc-tite system is nice . With the rounded back , the helmet works well in the trailer . Took my 14 month old some time to be okay with wearing the helmet . I 'm having trouble getting the straps to fit right , but that 's also because of trying to fit it on a squirming toddler .
 Helemt fit great . Son did n't seem to mind it on . Loved the duck theme and color ... vibrant and adorable . Helmet felt sturdy , light and `` safer '' in comparison to other helmets . Happy customer : -RRB-
 This helmet is great . My son is 20 months , would have fit him at 16 , or less ? Great small size strong product . Like it .
 This helmet is perfect for my petite 2 year old daughter . She loves the cute duck theme and does n't fuss too much when we put it on.We use this with the WeeRide Kangaroo child bike seat and it works well . Because she is so small , the helmet seems a little bulky but I guess that is for safety purposes . All in all , we love it and would definitely buy it again .
 This helmet is great for younger children . It fits my one year old really well . He does put up a little fuss when we put it on him but he 'll get use to wearing it eventually and he will love being able to ride along when mommy and daddy go for bike rides .
 we love this helmet for our 9 month old daughter . we went on our first bike ride with her in tow in our chariot trailer . the helmet was a great fit and easily adjustable , and is so darn cute ! customer service at amazon is tops . we had an issue with the first one we received and they promptly sent us another in time for the weekend we needed it . thanks again amazon !
 I love this helmet ! I love how you can adjust it to fit with the dial setting . It is easy to use ; and it is made well . I think we will get at least a couple of years use from this helmet . Great product !
 This helmet is very safe and sturdy . I have been using it on my 8 month old . The only issue that I have with it -LRB- and likely other helmets -RRB- , is that the strap is hard to get underneath a chubby chinned baby . Especially one like mine that does n't like anything under her chin . But , we got it on , and went for a ride . What fun !
 We have n't used the helmet much but it fit my 20-month-old grandson perfectly . It 's sturdy and well-constructed while being light-weight enough for a toddler . We 're looking forward to getting some great use from this before he outgrows it .
 I purchased this helmet for my 1 year old daughter . It is super easy to use , just adjust the dial in the back for the perfect fit !
 I did a lot of research on helmets and this got the best reviews . It fits pretty well and I trust that it will protect my daughter in an accident . She did n't mind it on which was great .
 This helmet is so cute , the bunnies are adorable . I bought this helmet for my granddaughter 's 1st birthday . Her mom had requested a helmet , but it was up to me to choose which one . I chose the Giro Me2 helmet for several reasons , safety , ability to adjust size , and the pattern . The pink color and the bunnies made it the perfect choice .
 Got this for my son when he was 1yr old and it has been growing with him ever since ! My son has an unusually large , round head and because this helmet is adjustable in small increments , I have found this to be the best fitting of all the helmets he had tried on in stores . Adjusting it is super easy -- it 's just a little dial in the back that you turn to tighten/loosen . My son -LRB- and I ! -RRB- love the flying pigs on the helmet ! Wish they made them for grown ups , but I had to settle for a plain grown up Giro helmet instead .
 Bought this for my 9 mo old so we could safely take him for a bike ride with us . Thanks to the adjustable design it fits great and looks to be able to easily grow with him for some time . Comes with foam cushions to insert for when they are little , which can be removed later for extra space , adjustable wheel on back makes tightening a cinch . Definitely recommend .
 My 16 month old has a small head and we were concerned about this fitting properly -LRB- was 14 months when we purchased this -RRB- . It fit him great -LRB- almost smallest setting -RRB- . He loves going on bike rides with us now with his wrap around sunglasses and helmet .
 This was purchased for my 11 month old . It fits great and with all of the adjustable features , will fit for much longer . It stays on even if he tries to push it off . The high quality is definitely worth the price ! -LRB- plus Giro has a program where you can trade in an infant helmet towards the next size once your child outgrows it -RRB-
 After searching for a few months someone at REI mentioned this helmet ! Life saver ... fits so well . . better then any other helmet on the market . . xs means nothing ... I tried on over 8 different styles and brands and nothing came close . . THIS IS A MUST FOR AN INFANT HELMET !
 I was looking for a helmet to go along with a tricycle that I purchased for my niece . It was between this and the Cars helmet/kneepad combo . After reading reviews on Amazon and elsewhere , it became clear that for toddlers , finding a helmet that fits can be difficult and the Giro helmet though more expensive , is the clear winner . I 'm glad I went with the Giro . My niece is 2 and the helmet fits her extremely well . With the adjustment mechanism I 'm sure she 'll be using it for atleast another 1.5-2 yrs . What 's more she loves it and actually goes looking for the helmet to put it on before she gets on the tricycle !
 My daughter was 10 months old when I first got this helmet and she has a small head so I had a hard time finding a small enough helmet . The helmet size easily adjusts and the smallest setting actually fits her perfectly . She will be able to wear it for a long time . I liked that it is gender neutral as well so that when the next baby comes a long we will have a helmet to use whether it 's a brother or a sister .
 Item came quickly - helmet fully adjustable and fits child very well - looks good and baby wears happlilly - could not ask for more
 We puchased this helmet for our 11 month old daughter . We were worried that it might not fit because she is kinda small . The helmet was easy to adjust and fit her perfect .
 I LOVE this helmet . My son started wearing it when he was slightly less than 1 year . The adjustable dial at the back of the harness makes it very easy to get a good fit . He is now 2 1/2 years and it looks like he will be wearing the helmet for at least another year to come . The straps do take some time to adjust the first time this is done , but one this is done once it wo n't need to be done again , or at least for a long time . My son was n't too crazy about wearing the helmet at first , but that 's not the helmet 's fault . After reinforcing helmet use and wearing my own helmet when we bike , he learned that wearing a helmet is necessary and now wears his happily . I 'm looking forward to buying the new blue design for my second infant son .
 This is a great adjustable helment with an easy turn dial for sizing . I have 3 kids and its really easy to change the fit . I have two of them and one of the strap style and these are much better
 This is a wonderful helmet for children with small heads . I had a tough time finding that fit my 11-month old son so he could ride in the bike trailer , but this one did the trick .
 I bought this helmet for my 2 YO . Every other helmet she has had has not fit her properly , Unfortunately she is at the upper end of this one , so I 'll have to buy a bigger one soon , but it is the first one that stays on her head . It has a dial to turn to adjust the circumference so adjusting is very easy .
 My daughter instantly tries to pull off any hat you put on her head so I was nervous about how she would do with a bike helmet . Well , as soon as she sees her bike she goes over the the helmet and puts it right on , she just needs help with the buckle . It fits her well and I feel better knowing she 's wearing it .
 the straps took a little bit of time to line up correct on my super squirmy 1 year old but you ca n't beat the easy tighten option .
 These helmets fit my 2 yr old twins perfectly with some room to grow . They love wearing them -LRB- even when they 're not on their scooters or bikes ! -RRB- .
 I love the pattern on this bike helmet . My son has been wearing it around the house . It has a ratcheting adjustment in the back , so it fits well . The only slight complaint I have is that he has trouble buckling it because the straps around the buckle kind of get in the way as it goes on , but once buckled they lay very nicely .
 I could not find much of a select at my local stores . This helmet was exactly what I was looking for . It fit my 9 month daugther and it is expandable so we will be able to use it for a couple of years .
 My 2 year old loves this and never wants to take it off . Easy to adjust , fits great , and is super cute without being too girly .
 I bought this for my infant son . I am not sure on how well it can protect an infant as my son has never been involved in vehicular accident or even one involving the powers of gravity while he was wearing this protective device . But I do know that I have had lots of people comment on how cute he looked wearing it . This device may not protect your child from devastation caused by a motor vehicle , but it should do the trick against his or her precious head getting injured from a fall to the ground from your bicycle . As the wise people say , an ounce of prevention is worth more then a pound of cure .
 This helmet is perfect for my 10month old , most `` infant '' helmets I found we too big for her , but this one adjusted down to fit her head perfectly .
 no complaints ... easily adjusted for my 13 month old . she 's still not wild about wearing a helmet but she does n't seem to mind once we get her in the bike cart . i like the yellow peeps , it is nice to find something for our girls that is n't smothered in pink but still cute .
 We purchased this helmet for our son on his second birthday to wear with his Strider run bike . It fits well and he is average for head size . He is now three and a half and we still use it when he rides his new Lightning big boy bike . The adjustable dial on the back is great for fine tuning the fit and I feel confident , after reviewing the safety ratings , that we are protecting our son 's precious brain . Our niece just turned two and is getting a tricycle , so we purchased the Pink Bunnies Me2 for her . She is smaller than my son was when he was 2 and the fit of the helmet is still just right for her . This helmet is worth the investment . Safety gear is not something where you want to pinch pennies .
 Excellent ... there is no other word . Really easy to fit to my baby daughter 's head . Comfortable and very light . First time I put it on my baby , she did not complained . started crawling with helmet on with no problems and did not attempt to take it off . Took like 4 min to find the perfect fit . Now have to try it on the bike .
 Our daughter is 19 months old with head circumference in the 40 % percentile -LRB- so , below the average head size -RRB- and this still fits her well . Hard to find small , well-fitted helmets . Love it .
 I just received the helmet yesterday and LOVE the way it fits my little one ! The adjusting head piece is my favorite part ! PLUS ... if you read in the manual , it says that Giro will give you credit toward your next helmet if you trade it in ! I am not one to spend this much on a helmet ... but i 'm SO glad I did . I have made the mistake before of buying a cheaper model for my other children and I wo n't do it again . As you can see , I am very happy about this purchase !
 Sturdy , cute safety helmet -- my toddler enjoys wearing it because the fit and styling and perfect for a little person .
 bought this for my 7 mounth year old daughter and is great . fits great . It adjust it in the back so the helmet changes sizes for smaller or bigger . So as her head grows you can change the size .
 After searching many products , this helmet fit my 15 month old -LRB- with a 47 '' head circumference -RRB- fine . The adjustable-fit dial will help you size it just right for your young toddler.Giro Me2 Infant Bike Helmet
 we got the yellow ducky for our daughter when she was 10mos old . we took her on short bike rides around the house to get her used to it . now she 's 13mos old . she still complains a bit when we put it on her , but once we get going , she loves it . the helmet is very cute
 I researched alot for helmets last year when my daughter was just turning 1 and found this helmet and decided to order it . We love this helmet . It was not too big last year and still fits this year -LRB- turning 2 -RRB- . The dial in the back is awesome and just the overall size was never an issue when she was 1 or now when she is 2 . I just recommended it to my daughters playgroup mommies , so you know I love it . I would truly recommend this helmet to anyone . I would hope it will still fit next year , but even if it does n't , it was so worth the price !!! Highly recommended !!!
 This has worked well for my 16 month old daughter in a bike trailer so far . I read a review that said it pushes down in their child 's eyes . This is likely an issue with the helmet sticking out in the back and not allowing the child to keep their head up straight . I put a pillow or folded up towel behind my kid so that her head is n't tilted down to her chest and that seems to help . I can get it to fit well on her head using the adjustable dial in the back once it 's on . She tried pulling it off the other day and could n't with it tightened down .
 My daughter says this helmet fits her 16 month old little girl very well , and like the way it adjusts to her head . She thinks it will fit for a couple of years .
 My grandaughter is very tiny for her age and this helmet fits her perfectly . It is cute , sturdy and lightweight so she does n't mind wearing it ... thanks for making a product small enough to fit .
 We bought this as a helmet for our almost 1 year old . We have a child bike seat that she rides on & were looking for a helmet . We had no luck in stores finding one small enough to fit her . This helmet adjusts down in size to fit her perfectly . I think it will fit for several years . It is also very lightweight . All in all , very happy with our purchase & would recommend to anyone else looking for a small size , lightweight helmet .
 I did not find a lot of infant helmets out there when I was shopping for one , but thank goodness I found this great helmet . It is super lightweight , affordable and protects my 13 month baby 's face from direct sunlight which works out great if you are out on a long bike ride . The first initial fitting can be kind of tricky , but after that it is pretty easy . The only thing is trying to keep the helmet on my baby ! She loves taking it off all the time !!!
 I visited several stores to find a helmet that would fit my one year old , with no luck . On the recommendation of a friend , I ordered this helmet and am very satisfied . While my son fights having a helmet on , it fits him perfectly , but does take a number of adjustments to get it right -LRB- which is quite a challenge when you do n't have a willing participant ! -RRB- . Having just purchased helmets for my older children , this helmet compares in price to other full price helmets . Overall , I think this product fills the need for a quality helmet for infant or young toddler .
 I purchased this helmet for my 14-month old son . I like that the helmet is fairly flat in the back . However , we still need to put a small folded blanket behind his back in the bike trailer to accomdate for the helmet . It is easy to adjust however since my son 's head is still a little small for it we put one of his baby washcloths inside the helmet at his forehead to makeup for the extra space so that it does n't slip down over his eyes . I would recommend this helmet for a baby - but if your baby had a small head you may want to see if you can find a smaller helmet .
 I use this product while riding my bike for my 18 month old . There is a nice strap that goes under the chin .
 This helmet is AWESOME , very good quality unlike my other one -LRB- Schwinn piece of crap which the plastic came apart from the styrofoam and it was hardly used -RRB- . Well worth the money . My kid loves it . Fits very well , easy to adjust . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 I like this helmet since it does not stick out as far in the back as other helmets . My 13-month-old son has a hard time drinking his water -LRB- tilting his head back -RRB- but a lot of that is due to the trailer . I like that the helmet will grow with him . I really was n't sure how to size it with the pads provided . There were no instructions on how the helmet should fit him -LRB- maybe that is self explanatory but I 'm one of those that would like/need instructions to be sure I 'm doing it correctly -RRB- . All-in-all a great buy !
 I bought this helmet for our 13 month old . We tried so many other helmets that seemed to slide on her head . This was the first helmet to fit just right . She always wants to put it on when she sees it ! We are enjoying bike rides as a family now . I would totally recommend trying this helmet .
 I bought this helmet for my 2.5 year old daughter , and she loves it ! She is small for her age but the helmet fits great . -LRB- She looks adorable in it , too . -RRB- She likes to put it on to ride her bike .
 Fairly easy adjustment -- the chin `` pinch '' guards are a nice touch , as are the vent screens to prevent bugs or other debris getting inside the helmet .
 I am very happy with the giro helmet . It is a good quality helmet that is easy to adjust and my daughter does n't mind wearing it .
 This is a great helmet for small toddlers . My son is 16 months old and all the helmets at target and walmart were for 3 + . Initially my son did n't want it on his head but as soon as I put him on the bike seat he does n't mind me strapping it on . I would give it a five but the straps are hard to adjust and they seem to squish his ears - but he does n't seem to mind . great helmet !
 Good helmet for small kids . We used this for our son for riding in the bike trailer we got and it fits great .
 My 14month old son loves this helmet . He usually hates hats of any kind but once we put on this helmet , he knows we 're heading out on the bike & he just LOVES that ! The straps are a little time-consuming to get just right -LRB- especially if you have big hands - the fittings are pretty small -RRB- . Once you get the straps set up , you can click the chin strap into place with one hand .
 I bike with my four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son in a bike trailer . I bought this helmet for my son . He loves to wear it , and does n't try to take it off . The `` flying pigs '' design is super-cool , too ! Fortunately , I have n't tested its crashworthiness yet !
 This is the only helmet I could find small enought to fit my 10 month old . The adjustable head size is great and will fit her for more years to come ! It is adorable and she does n't mind it being on either .
 I was unable to find a helmet for my 10 month old and after reading several reviews decided to purchase this one . It fits my daughter perfect and I love the cute little bunny design . The shipping was prompt . Would purchase from this seller again .
 I bought this helmet to use for my one year old . We bought a bike seat for my one year old to go on bike rides with us , but had the hardest time finding a helmet small enough for him . This helmet fit my 12 month old perfectly , but still has lots of growing room left . I love the adjustable headband like piece !! Too bad he hates wearing it : /
 My two year old calls this his helmo . ha ha . He is on the small side and it fits him perfect and he forgets it is on . The back is adjustable so it will grow for him . Great helmet .
 The helmet fits my 14-month old daughter well , and it seems to have enough adjustability to continue to fit her for some time . The helmet stays in place and seems to be comfortable for her to wear for an hour or longer .
 I got this helmet for my 1-year old daughter . Her head 's on the small side and this helmet was a perfect fit . I love that you can tighten it up in the back with a knob for a snugger fit . Plus you can exchange this helmet for a larger one at a discount when your child grows out of it .
 I previously purchased another helmet for my 15-month-old son from Meijer on sale , but reconsidered after doing some research on safety . I spent a little more on this helmet , but I know that it was worth it . I know that it will keep my little guy safe and he LOVES it . Fortunately , we are working towards making him a child who will keep a hat on and he thinks it 's funny to wear his helmet , even when he is not on the bike . I like the fact that there are several ways to adjust the fit on this helmet-not just the chin straps , but also the clicker thing on the back of the helmet . I feel much more confident this way , that it is sitting accurately on his head . It seems comfortable as he does n't fight to get it off and the design is adorable , but not too `` babyish '' so if need be , it can grow with him a little . Overall , a good price for a great helmet !
 My daughter is 2 1/2 and this helmet fits her head nicely . The quality is solid , it 's easy to adjust , and good looking .
 I was very skeptical when buying this helmet because my daughter hates having anything on her head ! When I put it on her , and we rode off on the bike , she actually kept it on and did n't even try to take it off !! It is extremely lightweight and cute ! It is a little tricky to get it adjusted , but now that I have it figured out , it is fine .
 I got this helmet for my 12-month old daughter to wear while riding in our bike trailer . Since it is adjustable it fits her head great right now and should still fit for a few more years . It 's not even on the smallest setting -LRB- she does have a fairly big head for her age - 90th percentile ! -RRB- , so it would even work for younger babies . She does n't enjoy having it put on , but once it 's on there she seems comfortable . And those pink bunnies are super cute !
 We have been trying to find a good helmet locally for our 1 yr . old but all are too big . Amazon had a couple options and we selected this one based on my past experience with Giro bike helmets . I ride a lot and these helmets are some of the best out there and their customer service has always been great . The helmet provides a great fit for my daughter and is infinitely adjustable . It does n't seem to bother her and she actually goes over to get it when she wants to go on a ride and cruise the neighborhood . Well made and excellent protection .
 The helmet design is nice . Our 9 month old still fight a bit when she wares it ... but i 'm sure she 'll get use to it soon . Good buy
 The helmet is nice quality it works really well especially the adjustable dial on the back , My daughter who is 15 months now is on the smaller side , I was a little worried about the helmet not fitting properly but it does very nicely . As far as the free delivery with Amazon it took 3 days longer than the estimated time they gave me , not sure what happend there . .
 The most important part about a helmet is its fit and how easy it is to get it to fit right . This is especially true for kids , since they are always growing and you will need to refit their helmets frequently . The Giro Me2 is easy to adjust in diameter with its dial in the back . The straps are pretty standard . I do like the fact that they put mesh over the forward holes to prevent bugs -LRB- especially bees ! -RRB- from flying into the helmet . However , this seems to be standard on some of the other helmets too like the Specialized Small Fry and some of the Bell helmets . I like that I can get a good , safe , and comfortable fit on my three year old 's head and she likes the fact that it is pink with bunnies . What more could you ask for ?? PS I have also have a 11 month old , but this helmet -LRB- and all others I have tried -RRB- is a little too large for her head . Her head is smaller than average , but I would guess that a few more months are needed before a helmet can be used on most kids .
 Oh Boy , I thught at first that there was n't going to be any helmet that my almost two year old would wear . he screamed and had a fit about wearing the helmet . He was trying to pull the helmet off almost the entire way of the short bike ride . -LRB- 3miles -RRB- The next day , I told him , No helmet , no bike ride . He said , `` bikey ride '' . I put the helmet on him , there was mo screaming or having a fit . That was the end of the crying.The best thing I like about the helmet is the dial adjustment in the back of the head . Do n't tighten it too much as this will produce a headache !
 Lindo caso , lo compramos para nuestro hijo de dos a & ntilde ; os y se ajusta a perfecci&oacute;n , este casco lo podr&aacute; usar por lo menos hasta los seis a & ntilde ; os de edad ... Recomendamos este producto totalmente . .
 We used a similar helmet when we rented one at the beach with our bikes . The adjustable wheel guarantees a good fit that will grow with your child . We looked at local stores and they were significantly more than online . It looks good , fits great and is a good price . Very happy with this purchase .
 Got this to go along with my sons first tricycle for his 2nd birthday . Was worried that it might be too small ... but it 's adjustable and is perfect . And still room to grow . Very pleased . He Is obsessed with the helmet and insists on taking it everywhere we go ... : -RRB-
 First things first , this helmet is soooo cute . The best thing about it is that it 's totally adjustable and really easy to fit to your childs head . It 's also very lightweight , my son does n't mind wearing it at all .
 Love giro brand ! They have not failed me yet ! Now my little ones noggin will look cute and stay safe !
 We love this helmet ! It is so easy to adjust which is great for getting the perfect fit . We are very happy with this product and feel confident that this is the perfect helmet to protect our 1 1/2 year old . On a side note , this helmet was ordered at 9:00 in the evening and delivered by 10:00 am the next morning for free ! Ca n't beat that !!!
 The first time I put this helmet on my son 's head he was n't too sure about it . Despite his wriggling and pulling away , it was a cinch to get on partly because of the genius adjustment knob on the back and partly because of the easy secure clip . Fits like a comfy glove . The fact that he 'll be able to wear it as he grows is awesome too ! Every kid 's different but these days , as soon as his helmet 's whipped out he gets so excited for the upcoming ride he puts it on himself !! Definitely worth getting a good quality one over a cheapy ... for many different reasons .
 I just got this to go biking with my new ibert front seat , for my 14 month old daughter . It was easy to adjust to get the right fit for her , she thinks it is funny that she has the same type of hat that mommy has , and the pink bunnies , while definitely cute , and definitely pink , are somehow not too girlie .
 I bought one of these for my 1 year old son . Although it took several tries to make it fit right on his head , it works very well , and seemed comfortable for him . Its sturdy and made me feel very safe for my son to ride with this . It is also made with very light materials . So far I am happy with the purchase
 My daughter is 1 and this helmet is the only one we could find that would fit her . Down side is it is hard to position on her head and she hates the buckle underneath . She even manages to get it off sometimes , I would recommend it !
 It 's a good helmet . A little big for my 15 month old . But I 'm sure she will grow in to it . It 's light weight and breathable .
 I bought this for my two year old grandson . It fits perfectly and is easy to use.He had been wearing my helmet playing inside , so he was very excited to have his own .
 It is hard to find a bike helmet for a baby , but this one is great . It fits our one year old . Now , on for a bike ride !
 I believe we bought my daughter the toddler version when she was about a yr old . She got the one with the bunnies . Everyone comments on it . So cute !!! She will be 4 this fall and today snapped it on before riding on her scooter . I love that both our 5 yr old son and 3 yr old have grown up with these helmets and it is second nature to put them on . our 5 yr old son put his on today also before getting on his John deer pedal tractor . They wear their helmets anytime they get on something with wheels.Thats the rule . My baby is 7 months and i am ordering one for him also.My kids never complain about them . It helps my husband and I always wear helmets . The kids get very disturbed when they see others not wearing helmets!Enjoy
 Love the design . It fits great , love that it is adjustable and you ca n't beat the price . I have actually bought 1 for our home and one for the grandparents .
 Fits my son well . . Comfortable and lightweight too.Shipped in a sturdy safe boxAnd the design is RAD ! Highly reccommended
 this helmet is super cute it came very quickly and fit my childs small head perfectly all the helmets I had found at local stores where to big . a very good product .
 Fits perfectly with the adjustable head strap . Love the bright color and cute design . Does not hurt my baby 's head .
 This is a highly rated helmet . It 's been tested and is one of the safest ones on the market . I have the women 's version and my husband has the men 's . they are wonderful . The pink bunnies are super cute and it must be pretty comfortable because my baby who wo n't wear headbands or hats does n't mess with it much . I know the adult versions are plenty comfy !
 This is perfect for my grandson when he is driving his quad , although he does n't like to wear it . He is one year old and we want him to be safe .
 the helmet fit my three-year-old twins perfectly and there 's plenty of space to allow for growth . it 's the most comfortable thing I could imagine for kids riding in a buggy .
 We bought this for my 1 year old son to go in the bike trailer with us . It fits very well . The straps are nice and easy to adjust . The only issue is that my son sweats a lot when he wheres the helmet but its a small price to pay for his safety .
 I love the knob that lets you adjust the helmet while it is on the childs head . It never moves and stays right where it belongs ! Better than the helmet my 5 yr old has !!
 We ordered this helmet for our 9 month old daughter . Initially she hated it more than anything else ever ; however , after the first try and a much better adjustment , she wears it no problem . Our daughter has a smaller head but with all the adjustments and extra pads it fits great . We 've had lots of compliments about how fun it is instead of all boring , baby helmet designs . Well worth the cost .
 I bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter who is tiny . It is the only helmet I could find that fits her small head . The knob used for sizing is pure genius . She loves it , as do her parents .
 Probably all my cons have been recounted here , so I 'll just say it fits well on my 18mo . old who is VERY small for her age -LRB- 1st percentile -RRB- , which was a concern for me . The fact that the part that straps to the head , velcros away to make it smaller really helps . The dial is great too !
 The helmet is really cute and will be a great helmet one day , but it is too big for my 1 year old . We have been looking for a helmet to fit our 1 year old daughter . Everywhere we looked -LRB- Walmart , Target , Babies-R-Us -RRB- only had helmets to fit kids 3 + years of age . When we found this one , we thought it would be perfect . Though it is smaller than the other helmets we have found , my daughter has to wear a beanie under it to get it to fit tighter and it still falls down over her eyes .
 I love this helmet for my daughter . It adjust to sit perfectly on her head and the straps are simple to adjust too ! It was difficult to find a helmet to fit her so I was very pleased with this product !
 We got this for our son who is 20 months and it is great ! He loves the ducks and we thought it could be used again for a girl if needed ! It fits well and it is nice that you can crank the back to fit better . He does not mind having it on and sometimes just want to wear it around the house !
 Perfect helmet for our 15 month old . Now he can ride safely on the bike . Love the bright design .
 this helmet fits well , has an adjustable strap -LRB- my 18 mo. old has a large head -RRB- , seems very comfortable and safe , looks cute -LRB- pink with bunnies -RRB- , and my toddler loves it . she wears it around the house even when we are not biking . great purchase !
 My 14 month old enjoys going outside and riding a little fisher-price car she got for her birthday up and down our sidewalk . The first night that we had we outside and played we were telling my husband about driving the car up and down the sidewalk . My husband immediately got nervous and was like what if she would fall off and hit her head on the concrete . The thought never crossed my mind as she is not moving the car very fast at all . I began searching in vain for a helmet made for young children . I could n't believe how hard it was to find something that is made for toddlers ; toddlers go outside and play on trikes and things so should n't helmet manufactures think about this . Finally after spending hours searching for a helmet I stumbled across the Giro Me @ Infant Bike Helmet ! I was so excited I immediately ordered it . It 's a cute design for a little girl and with the adjustment all the out it sort of fits my head so I think she will get many years of use out of this helmet . Since my daughter is only 14 months getting the helmet on her can be tricky as she does n't want to sit still long enough to get it on , and she does n't really like to wear it , she tugs at it alot , but it gives me peace of mind knowing that if she would fall off her toy car her little head is protected.Thank you Giro for making a helmet that will work for my daughter !!
 This bike helmet was purchased for our 10 month old granddaughter when she was 7 months old . It is so cute and can be sized down for a small head and it will be able to be used for several years . She would like to take it off but she does really good keeping it on . I would recommend it to any one looking for a bike helmet for a small one . Well made and appears to be holding up well .
 I bought this for my son who is 6 months old . I knew it would be a little big on him but surprisingly it was n't . Its great that he can grow into it and it can be adjusted to his head . It was a bit difficult at first to try and hold down a wiggling little boy but he 's getting better with it . The hardest part was getting it fitted for him .
 I had the hardest time finding a helmet for my 12 month old that was n't too big . She is on the smaller side , in fact most strangers guess her at 6 months . I like how there is multiple adjustments , you can adjust the chin strap in a couple different ways as well as the plastic piece that holds it on their heads . This helmet actually does slide down in front of her eyes still , but she 's learned to push it up herself . Does n't love wearing it but I do n't think many kids enjoy it , she puts up with it because she loves riding the bike with me so much . If your child is on the smaller side or you 're looking for a helmet for a child younger than 12 months I think this is your best bet .
 Giro helmets are the best ! I have 3 kids and have tried different helmets . No other brand offers the custom fit that giro does . the helmet grows with the kids ' heads . there is a dial inside to expand & contract the fit . do it . buy this now . `` Yellow chicks '' looks less ` feminine ' in person . I confidently put it on my son . the Pink Bunnies rocks for Girls !
 I like this helmet . It seemed to be a good price compared to some of the other helmets I priced out . Sometimes it does slide down over my daughter 's eyes , but I think that is because it may still be a tad big for her . Overall , I definitely would recommed this product to anyone looking for an infant helmet !
 Fortunately this helmet has n't been used for what it is intended , in case of a fall , so I ca n't say it performed great or terrible . However , my wife and I use it for our 9 1/2 month old . It fits well enough but it is slightly big and looks even bigger when he 's wearing it . At first he 's a little resistant when we put it on but the instant we take off for that ride , he could n't care less and probably forgets he 's even wearing it . He does have a some problem turning his head as we 're riding and usually does n't even try . He 's content just staying in one position . At the rate he 's growing , there 's no doubt this helmet will work out even better in the coming months ! Would n't recommend for a child any younger but it 's a great product especially for the price !
 I reviewed other reviews for many different toddler helmets . Then I chose this one . It is very easy to adjust . For my 2 year old who is quite tall and big , it fits well . He would not wear any hats and he does not like anything on his head but somehow he likes this helmet . Dial knob in the back is so easy to adjust . He looks so cute in this helmet . Thanks to all those who left helpful reviews .
 I love this helmet . It was easy to fit and is the perfect size ! I would recommend this helmet . I was not sure if it would fit or not since my sons head is small but it ended up being the perfect helmet . My son wears it everytime he goes out side and rides his bike .
 This helmet fits my 24 mth old perfectly , due to the adjustable screwing mechanism at the back . I tightened it to fit her snugly . She is also happy to wear it , being that it 's pink with bunnies on it ! I feel better about putting her up on her big tricycle now - very safe . All the others we tried on in the stores were far too big . I believe my child 's head circumference runs in the 50th percentile . Worth the money for safety 's sake .
 This helmet is great . My daughter is 20 months and has a small head . I have found it very easy to adjust . Much better than what I had for my older daughter . It fits her head perfect and does not tip forward like most helmets tend to do . Easy to put on ... my 9 yr old daughter put it on her the first time . She also does not mind wearing it at all but is was a battle to convince her to wear it the first time .
 The only things I do n't like are 1 -RRB- the instruction manual was for an adult helmet , and 2 -RRB- the chin straps are WAY too long . There was n't any information in the instruction manual on how the baby helmet should fit , how to adjust the straps , where the extra pads should be placed , etc. . Also , the chin straps are super long . Maybe our little boy 's head is just short but the straps are pulled as tight as they can go and they still are n't tight enough . There is n't anywhere to put the strap , either . You 're supposed to be able to look it back through a rubber band but there is too much of it and nowhere to loop it onto as we have used all the strap . I 'm not sure if other helmets wo n't have the same problem though .
 We bought the Giro me too helmet for our son who was 6 months old . It came with a few extra pads so we added them to the top to make the helmet sit a little higher on his head . It fits great , does n't drop while riding , and he does n't mind having it on . It is easily adjustable with the knob on the back . The straps were a little bit of work to get the initial fit but they will stay in place . It will grow with him and is of good quality so it was worth not getting a `` dome of obedience '' from wal mart . It was worth paying a little more to get a nice helmet to keep my son safe .
 When I first received the helmet I thought to myself that it did not look as cute as it did on the website but the moment I put it on my 13 month boy it looked absoluletly adorable . The fit was good , the straps easy to adjust and the padding looked generous . My son who normally throws down any cap on his head never complains when I put the helmet on . I do not ever see him fidget with it except on the occassional chew on the straps . The strap have a nice curvature on the buckle so it does not poke him under the chin . Overall I am happy I purchased this product along with the ibert bike seat . It did seem pricey at first but since I get good use from the helmet , its really worth it . I will recommend this helmet to anyone . It is really difficult to find bike helmets in the regular store for the 12-36 month old toddler so it was a good decision to go with the Giro infant helmet from Amazon .
 This bike helmet is perfect for my 18 month old to ride in her bike trailer . The infant helmet was too small and the next size up too big . This helmet has a dial in the back that you can adjust to make it larger or smaller -- great for growing kids ! The pink bunnies are a hit too -- she will wear it around the house sometimes just for fun !
 Quite simply , this is the only helmet I could find to fit my 7.5 month old son.Does what it 's supposed to and the adjustment knob at the back is easy to use , even when in place on the head for extra snugness .
 Giro labels this an `` infant '' helmet , but our 2 year old is well into toddlerhood and his yellow `` chicks '' Me2 is growing right along with him.We initially purchased this prior to his 1st birthday , in preparation for rides in the BurleyD ` Lite Trailer . At that young age and small size , it was a bit of a problem to use this helmet with any sort of seat , since the protruding rear of the helmet `` pushes forward '' the kid 's head , making for an uncomfortable ride experience.So we relaxed on the helmet usage in the trailer for a while , but he began wearing it full time on his KettlerTrike , and later his balance bike . He also wears it while strapped into the child seat mounted to my XtracycleFree Radical , though we had the same `` pushing forward '' interference problem in that application as we did with the Burley trailer.The designs are cute -LRB- well , you be the judge -RRB- , and most important to me , the headband fit adjustment is easy
 My daughter is 21 months old . I bought a Bell brand helmet at Target for toddlers and it was way too big . Her 4 yr old big brother has a Giro helmet that has an adjustable dial for head size at the back of the helmet , so I searched on-line for Giro helmets , knowing this is what I needed for my daughter 's little head . My son has worn his since he was 2 and it still fits at age 4 and still has growing room -LRB- he does have an average to bigger sized head -RRB- . Easy to adjust with dial and straps . I love the bunnies and pink for little girls . I would recommend this as a child 's 1st helmet and one that they can wear for several years . Worth the money .
 I was looking for a helmet for my 1 year old . After reading reviews on Amazon , I choose this one . It is a very nice helmet and adjusts easily . he does n't mind wearing it .
 We bought this helmet for our younger son who is turning 2 next week . We had the same helmet for his older brother and we love it . We love that you can adjust the helmet to their heads which makes it great for a growing child . It is affordable and durable .
 I ordered this helmet and I literaly got it the next day ! It is adorable and fits my daughter perfectly . She can also grow into it a bit . It 's a great poduct and made well .
 We did a lot of research and decided to purchase this helmet with a new bike seat for my 7 month old daughter . The helmet fits her perfectly , stays positioned above her eyes and was very easy to adjust the straps . We have gone on several bike rides and my baby loves it . It is true that it is a little more expensive than some competitive helmets , but I think the fit and the ease of adjusting make it well worth the price .
 We have a front-mounted bicycle seat . This is an absolutely wonderful way to tote your kid , but as with all biking , it has its dangers and it was critical that my 10-month old child have a proper helmet . With all the folks out there riding around with their little kids attached , I thought it would be easy to find not only a proper-fitting helmet , but also one that did n't have some obnoxiously gendered color scheme or commercial characters plastered all over it . Hey , if I 'm buying a helmet for a child that will soon outgrow it , then I want it to be acceptable for the next little kid who comes along!Well , crickey ! It is not alway easy to identify the helmets sized for 1-year old toddlers as opposed to the 4-year old `` toddlers '' . And it 's downright difficult to find a helmet that is n't screaming hot pink butterfly princesses or whatever cartoon Disney/Pixar/McDonald 's is trying to market to kids right now.We finally settled on this yellow duckies Giro Me2 and could n't be happier . This helmet fits the bill and , best of all , my child 's head . It is about as solidly constructed as your average adult helmet , big but not bulky . The straps are adjusted easily after unsnapping a clasp , and retain their sizing after your re-snap the clasps . The head circumference is adjustable -LRB- 48 to 52 cm -RRB- with a little snapping dial at the back of the head , which means it 'll grow with your child . And , happily , it comes in several friendly and timeless color patterns so you can feel good passing it on to the next kid , whether boy or girl or other . Score !
 I researched many helmets then went with this one . It fits as advertised , but FYI my child 's head measures in the 90 % . He even asks to wear his `` hat '' . I am very happy with it .
 We have the red goose one for my son who is almost 3 . We -LRB- and he -RRB- LOVE it . Easy to use , not too hot & very safe . It was highly recommended by one of the bike pros here locally when we were shopping for one . I looked online and found a local bike pro shop that carried them . I wanted to see it in person.Love it , love it , love it . My daughter just turned 1 and she 's getting one as part of her birthday gift.One reviewer said it was held together with velcro ?!?!?! The chin straps run up through the helmet itself . It is not held together with velcro . The only thing on ours that is attached with velcro is the adjustable head band part . That uses velcro to attach to the padding . But the chin straps run through all of it , up behind the padding and all ... and those are what hold the helmet to the baby 's head . So I do n't know what she was talking about ... By the way , helmets for infants are hard to find for a reason ... In the US , it 's not recommended to take a baby under 1 year old on a bike or in a bike trailer . Yes , this is a light helmet , but kid 's necks are not made to support the additional weight of a helmet when they are little babies . The head is hard enough to support when you consider its size in proportion to the rest of the baby 's body at this age . I ca n't remember all the sources I found saying this , but if you look it up , you 'll find lots . I sure did when researching helmets for my son when he was an infant . I read a review here saying a 6 month old screamed the whole time while wearing the helmet ... maybe the poor baby 's neck hurt since that 's awful young to be wearing something like this on it 's head.Anyway , this is a great helmet for kids . It has grown with my son thanks to the adjustable head band . It 's had a lot of use from my very active boy and is still in great shape . I 'd pass it on to my daughter , but my son is still using it ! So , she gets the pink bunnies . :--RRB- I recommend it to my friends .
 This was one of the only helmets I could find to fit my little guys head . He had a `` below average '' sized head so we needed something that would fit him when we went on bike rides . He was n't fond of it at first but now that he is two , he keeps it on his head and it fits perfect .
 I bought these for my two year old twins . They fit well out of the box , with some adjustment of the occipital strap -LRB- it tightens with the turn of a knob , very convenient -RRB- . Easy-to-fit chin straps . The kiddos love the designs -LRB- pink rabbits and blue planes -RRB- ! These have been bumped , thrown , sat on , and hit with a mallet by my kids and still look brand new .
 We got this helment for our 2-year-old for her birthday along with a Strider bike . It fits her 19-inch head perfectly , and there is room to grow . My daughter loves the bunnies . The only downside is that the straps are a little difficult to adjust and always seem a little twisted . -LRB- May just be me . :-RRB- -RRB- The helmet itself , however , is very simple to adjust . Great buy ! Highly recommend it !
 I feel safe knowing that my daugther is wearing this helmet . Not only does she look cute wearing it but it protects her cute little head ! : -RRB-
 I bought this helmet for my 15 month old when she rides in her i-bert front mounted bicycle seat . Her head circumferance is only in the fifth percentile for her age , but the helmet fits perfectly . It 's easily adjustable and so comfortable that she does n't object when I try and put it on her .
 This is a very nice helmet for little heads . Our daughter is only 10 months old and we were having a hard time finding a helmet to fit her little head . This helmet fits great and our little one is having a blast riding in her bike seat !
 Our son got this on his first birthday to wear on his scooter . It is very adjustable and small enough to fit good - I am glad I got it for the dial on the back to adjust fit . Nice product !
 i bought it for my 6 month old . She hates things on her head and screamed the whole ride . Fit well though , but run some test drives before you hit the road . If it 's not perfect the baby CAN rip it off their head .
 This helmet was an awesome find . My 6 month old daughter can wear it as well as my two year old nephew . The helmet adjusts in the back to fit different sizes . I would highly recommend this .
 This helmet fits our 7 month old baby boy very well , he is on the smaller side and we did not think that we could find something that would fit . It fits and is comfortable . The downside is that it is a little big in the back , so when the baby is in the bike trailer his head is forward a little .
 This helmet fit our daughter at age 2 and now at age 3 . I love the adjustable easy to turn nob on the back for a custom fit . This allowed our daughter to wear it last year and now this year at 3 , which will probably be her last season in it . She does run small .
 Bought this helmet for my daughter when we wanted to take her in the bike trailer . I purchased it from a local bike shop for around $ 35 . The Giro helmet seemed to be lighter weight & less clunky than the Bell and other kids helmets.She was a bit below the minimum head size but the helmet snugged right up . Only issue was riding in the trailer the helmet would push forward if she rested her head on the headrest.Now that she 's about 8 months older it fits perfectly . She loves her helmet and insists on putting it on before we go for a ride . Ample vents keep her head cool on warm days . Have to love the pink bunnies too . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We bought this helmet for our six month old . It is very lightweight and fits his head just fine . It is so much fun being able to take him bike riding with us . I would recommend this helmet along with the iBert Safe-T front mounted child bicycle seat .
 I first bought a Schwinn helmet for my baby at Target , which I was able to adjust snugly , but the back was pointed , which made it difficult for my baby 's head to lay back in her bike seat , which in turn would cause the straps to practically choke her . I decided I needed to look elsewhere.I read some reviews of the Me2 helmet on other websites , and decided to try it out . When I got home , I adjusted it to fit her in minutes and it fit very securely and snugly -LRB- she is 9 months with a 45cm head circumference -RRB- , and has a wonderful , adjustable knob to tighten it around the bottom of her skull , similar to my bike helmet . Another huge plus is the flat back so the baby can wear it in a high-back bike seat or trailer . It also has a brim in front which adds protection to her forehead.It is a little pricey , but definitely worth it for your child 's safety . For an infant around 9 months who is just starting to wear a helmet , this is the place to start . I 'm not sure how long she 'll be able to wear it , but I 'm excited about our many bike rides together .
 This boat has been with me around the world . She 's durable -LRB- bounced off of lava rock on the Big Island -RRB- , light weight , set 's up easily , and paddles like a dream . Why would you rent a kayak on your trips ? Just take her with you , even if you have to pay for extra luggage .
 this is a great jersey at a great price . Mavs fans `` strut yo stuff '' after the big win representing the best closer in the game The White Mamba , the Ridirkulous One himself . The MVP !
 My son received this as a gift for Christmas . We ordered on the 9th of Dec and later told it was on backorder . We left for a cruise during Christmas and hoped to have it in time for our departure . Although customer service reps were quick to respond -LRB- A PLUS -RRB- , my order did not arrive as hoped despite paying extra for the shipping -LRB- DISAPPOINTING -RRB- . When it finally arrived , we discovered that the title was deceptive . It is not a `` SUIT '' as declared . It is merely the top piece that goes over the head and upper torso . It easily fits over goggles and has a screened area for your vision . Camouflage pants will do the trick nicely if you have them without the added expense of buying ghillie pants . Also included is a small piece to cover your gun which delights my son.Overall , my son is thrilled with this purchase . He plays airsoft with the neighborhood children and could n't care less that the pants were not included . Nice looking top and he ca n't be seen when lying on the ground with the gun cover.I would recommend although I would caution you on this item being on backorder . It could take several weeks to receive .
 Length :
 I ordered this suit for my 12 year-old son for Christmas , and he really loves it . It 's true , it 's not a suit at all ; it just covers the head and the top part of the body with some threads and materials hanging down past the waist and hips . My son wears camouflage pants and a forest-green T-shirt shirt under the Ghillie suit , and when he hides on the hillside or in bushes , we honestly ca n't see him at all.The suit comes with some extra materials . It also `` sheds '' a lot , so we insist that it not be worn inside the house.I think we paid around $ 80 for the suit , which I think it more than what it 's worth , but the fact that this is what my son really wanted and that he loves it makes it worth it for him . Now that it 's after Christmas , I see that the price is a good $ 20 less than what we paid . I rated this product 4 stars because my son loves it - and that 's where the true value is . But based on what you get for your money , I would probably give it three stars . Yet , other Ghillie suits are far more expensive , so this is probably one of the least expensive options for Ghillie suits.The shipping was very fast , and the product box , which does have a photo of the suit on it , was packed inside a plain packaging box . This was important because if the suit had been shipped in its own box , my son would have seen the picture on it when it arrived , and this would have spoiled the Christmas surprise .
 Please understand that this is not a ghillie `` suit '' , but a ghillie poncho . the ghillie poncho only covers the head , arms , chest and back . It is meant to give greater mobility than the ghillie suit , which are generally used by snipers and the like , while still breaking up the users outline . however , there are some ghillie ponchos which cover all the way down the legs , so please LOOK AT THE PICTURE -LRB- the people complaining below did not -RRB- before buying any ghillie suit .
 Its a great gillie sute but it doesnt have the pants :-LRB- and you have to tie on some of the strings to make it longer but works great with paintball mask
 I have the Stott chair and the Stott SPX reformer , and I adore both of them . The chair was my first purchase , because it was less expensive and required less room . When I want a hardcore Pilates workout , I choose the chair . Because there is less room for support -LRB- the seat versus the bed of the reformer -RRB- , the chair requires more core strength for correct execution of the practice . Even the footwork is harder on the chair ! I would not get a chair without having had formal Pilates apparatus training . If you have had reformer or chair lessons , though , this is a great piece of home equipment .
 After breaking the Malibu Pilates chair spring , I decided to upgrade to a real Pilates Chair . And the Stott Pilates is that and more . It 's solid . You have to assemble it , but with patience you can assemble it perfectly in about an hour . There are four big springs -LRB- one heavy and one light for each foot platform . The vinyl padding is quite comfortable and thick . The large rectangular shaped pads for the foot pedals are excellent . This is an excellent piece of commercial quality gym equipment that will provide excellent muscular and aerobic conditioning . It comes with the Essential and Intermediate video that is good ! I would have given it five stars , but it 's not simple to change from split pedals to one pedal easily . But I think that it 's probably better to keep the pedals split as then you can learn to balance out your muscles better since you would have to move the pedals at the same rate . I think the tension with the springs is very good and the movement is silent and smooth . Overall , this is an excellent , versatile , piece of gym equipment where you can do a variety of exercises to strengthen your entire body . And the product will last a long time ! You get what you pay for ! However , the Malibu Pilates to start out can be a very good program , too .
 The finest design and construction . Highest quality materials . Built to last . Amazingly versatile . As others mention , it is more challenging for some exercises than the reformer , but it is great for those wanting sitting or standing up exercises . Fits in a small space.While Stott offers many excellent video & written materials to support the stability chair , I highly recommend a teacher -- at least at first , and then an occasional checkup.It 's not about getting old ! Keep moving with functional exercises . It is therapy . Or , if you 're an athlete , add this to your training and take your performance to a higher level .
 The Split-Pedal Chair is a fabulous piece of equipment ! It gives an excellent workout and there are so many exercises that can be done on the Chair . Lots of options ; standing , sitting , side-lying , kneeling , locked pedal , split pedal , etc. . I love the intensity of my workouts on the Chair !! It 's also compact and easy to move . Try the STOTT PILATES dvd 's as well for the Chair , they will give you a great workout and assist in proper form .
 Clients come in excitedly asking for '' ... the exercise on that chair that makes me sweat ! '' That could be a good many , but I know their favorites ! The beauty of this product is it 's unassuming compact size with substantial build . This piece is the perfect way to challenge an athlete who wants to climb hills or ski them faster ; amazing for training proper knee & hip tracking and ankle strengthening ; excellent for exercises where the client can support their own body weight for strength & endurance -LRB- think gymnastics ! -RRB- . Splitting the pedal allows for `` unilateral , '' work or where imbalances in sides are discovered . Splitting the pedal gives the client and instructor so many options , including ABDOMINAL work ! Side plane -LRB- laying on your side or working limbs out to side -RRB- are extremely beneficial and abundant on this piece . The ability to quickly adjust spring tension and handle height -LRB- or removal -RRB- gives versatility to instructors and clients alike . An indispensable part of any studio , in a home or professional setting .
 The STOTT PILATES Split Pedal Stability Chair is one of the most versatile pieces of equipment for all populations - regardless of fitness level or injuries . One of the key elements is listed right in the name of the equipment - stability . As posture and alignment are emphasized during each phase of each exercise , the chair challenges stability which in turn stregthens , tones , and improves balance . The split - pedal feature is so valuable that I would n't even consider using a chair without this feature . This chair is my go-to piece of equipment for challenge as well as for modifications for exercises as one as building strength . I highly encourage those investing in this equipment to take the time to watch the included DVDs prior to participating themselves - listening to the information these knowledgeable instructors are giving . Your investment will be that much more valuable to you .
 I have used it under the tutelage of a personal instructor . I could not believe what this thing accomplished . I have real muscle definition from my thighs , up my torso through my arms.I am saving the money to buy one to have at home . If you can afford it , buy it . But - this is VERY important - take the time to hire a pilates instructor on multiple occasions -LRB- as your strength increases -RRB- to teach you how to use it . A CD can not provide what you get from an instructor .
 The STOTT PILATES chair is incredibly sturdy and versatile ! It is an excellent piece of work out equipment and stands up to a lot use . It is far superior to the other Pilates chairs I have tried . The split pedal is a must .
 I love the STOTT PILATES Split-Pedal Chair ! I have tried pilates chairs by other companies , but this is the best one . You can get a much more diverse range of tensions on the springs than with any other chair which really allows you to customize the workout for your clients . Do n't be fooled by cheap imitations ! This chair is an incredible bargain !
 A great investment for your home gym . Works all hard to target areas better than any other equipment I 've ever tried !
 I throw one of these in my lunch bag everyday for work . Do n't have to worry about grabbing both a fork and spoon . Nice and lightweight . I typically hold onto the middle of the spork especially if I am using both ends for my meal . Easy to wipe clean . Perfect size for those narrow yogurt containers . Will be using these camping too .
 Many will agree that the design is delightful . Most will also agree that when in hand , eating from the spoon side or the fork side it is still a great product . The knife is more annoying that useful in most cases . But since I use one almost everyday , there are uses for it.The plastic version of the spork is prone to snapping in the middle , as I 've broken 4 so far , but the titanium version is excellent
 My son loves these things . He wont eat anything that requires a spoon with anything other than this -LRB- which is n't necessarily a good thing for me , but good for whoever is selling me them . -RRB- I 'm buying him more for chirstmas .
 Probably also useful if you 're out camping , in which case I would probably go with the metal version.Basically , this is a super spork . I now use it everyday at work while I eat my lunches hehe . . Spoon works like a spoon , fork works like a fork , and the knife works . . ermm . . well , does it?Maybe you should buy two LMF Sporks so you can hold your food down while you cut it : -RRB-
 I bought the 4-pack of sporks for my kid 's lunch kits . They seem pretty durable so far , are dishwasher-safe , and are a bit funkier than disposable plastic spoons and forks . Would be great to keep a couple in the car for roadtrips , picnics , etc. .
 Perfect for on the trail . I got a four pack and split them with friends . Everybody loved it . Stiff enough to be functional , flexible enough to get packed in tight . Seems very durable . Would buy again .
 Do n't leave home without your spork , at least when you 're backpacking . It 's a spoon , for , and knife all in one and it 's super lightweight . What else could you ask for ?
 I am very happy with these sporks . I was going through tons of plastic ware at work and feeling very guilty about it . These are inexpensive yet very durable . If I lose one , I wo n't be too upset . I would recommend these to others .
 I was happy with this item , my only comment would be I wish they had made it 1 '' longer , it would make a big difference for larger hands and for stirring food pouch . Would recommend for hikers .
 I like this product but when you eat with the fork you likely will cut the inside of your cheek . This are nice for camp/picnics/lunches ... Personally I would look for one without the knife on the utensil .
 Got these for our family camping trips to avoid all the waste with disposable stuff . Last trip we actually forgot cooking utensils so I ended making all our meals with these . Small pancakes flip ok with the fork surprisingly . They are very strong and light . I recommend them : - -RRB-
 I saw these sporks and thought of my daughter and how much fun she would have while she eat with them . I found that she really rather play with them . She likes the colors and I like the price for the set of 4 and not for one .
 great for camping , the color coded is awesome so everyone knows who did n't do dishes , get it man I 'm funny -LRB- needed 3 words to complete review what can you really say about a plastic spoon ... as if -RRB-
 These are lightweight and easy to pack but gives you a full fork and spoon . I use these nearly daily when I eat lunch at work . Easy to clean too . Great product .
 Great design and range of colors . We have used these for eating at work , on the go , road trips , camping , tailgating you name it we have probably taken the Sporks with us . They are comfortable and have no sharp edges like some other sporks that I have purchased in the past .
 This is a great compact way to solve the old forgotten flatware trick that plagues so many of us who take lunch to work . I constantly forget to put a spoon or fork with my lunch , but now I have this sport . By leaving it in my car , I no longer have to remember my flatware when packing lunches.The one downside is that the tines on the fork feel somewhat flimsy , non have broken so far but it does seem likely.Aside from that it 's the perfect compliment for a backpack or meal kit and I recommend it
 Very nice item to have in case of emergency highly recommended but have n't use it yet and I am sure it is fine instead of using your hands ...
 The Light My Fire Spork 4 Pack is an good addition to your gear for non-rugged use such as picnics and day hikes . It is made from heat-resistant polycarbonate and only weighs .36 ounces so it will function well for those who count ounces . Generally polycarbonate is pretty strong and durable but I have had a couple of these sporks break . Being that it is a 4 pack you will have some spares . Additionally , it will not scratch non-stick cookware . It fits good in my hands and is easy to use for different types of food for the most part.Basics : + Spoon - Good size for using with freeze dried meals such as Mountain House or soup . + Fork - Good for using with softer foods . The tips of the fork are not as pointy as most forks used in dinnerware so it is a little more challenging when using with a well done steak or any meat that is tough . Works well with Spaghetti and other types of noodles . + Knife - The knife is located on the side of the fork . For obvious reasons it is not very sharp . The serrations are not long and are dull so it will not cut your mouth but it is also not very functional for cutting food either . I 'm not really convinced that there is much utility to the knife unless used on very soft food such as pancakes.The real benefits of this spork is that it is better than cheap plastic utensils although I still prefer using theLight My Fire Titanium Sporkwhich is much more durable . If you are looking for a more durable product than disposable eating utensils then this 4 pack of sporks is a decent choice . Yes , these sporks can break but they are still more durable than disposable plastic utensils . They are good for family picnics where they wo n't really be abused and can be easily cleaned and reused . I do n't recommend these necessarily as part of your gear for long term use because they can break and may lack the durability you will need for your situation . Like any piece of gear it is important to know the positive and negative qualities of the product and this spork is no different in that regard . Overall , the Light My Fire Spork 4 Pack has its place as long as you know the limitations .
 These things are exactly what I was looking for . Lightweight , 3-in-1 usage , BPA and PVC free , and durable . They are not made in China -LRB- the are made in Sweden -RRB- . The spoon is curved enough to actually hold liquid , the fork is sturdy enough to actually poke and hold objects , and the knife can cut things fairly well without cutting your mouth while you eat.I think these are made of the same type of plastic -LRB- Tritan -RRB- as all of those high-quality BPA-free water bottles.I chose the plastic ones over the titanium one because I was not sure if the titanium would leave a metallic taste as some reviewers had noted . Regardless of that , I am glad I chose these . Got the 3-pack of smaller pink ones for my daughter for school , and she loves them as well .
 I bought these to replace the packages of disposable forks and spoons that I used to keep in my `` stuff '' drawer at work . Seems like the day I decide to bring soup to work ... I always forget a spoon . Or the day I stop for salad ... I do n't have a fork.These wash up pretty easily . Better than metal flatware washes up when you do your `` dishwashing '' at the office . I 'm changing departments ... and contemplating buying a bunch of these and giving them away as `` going away '' presents to my co-workers . Handy . Will they save the world ? Probably not . Will they keep you from collecting your silverware from home in your pencil drawer ? Yep .
 What else is there to say ? Delivered promptly , held no surprises , exactly what it says on the tin ...
 Go green ! Be eco friendly.these are awsome .
 More functional and stylish than any other utensil . The serrated edge is like a mini-knife , handy when you need to cut something in the wild or at work .
 Much better than a normal spork . With a normal spork you have a spoon with holes in it and a fork that is too short to really do any good . So its two useful utensils made useless . This spork fixes that by putting each on opposite ends . The knife on the fork is ok , but you usually need a fork to hold the food in place when cutting so they really were n't needed . The plastic ones do , however , break easy on the spoon end if you try to dig into something relatively hard . If you find that your cooking is breaking your plastic sporks , there is a titanium version that is much more durable .
 This is a pack of four utensils that can be used to cut , spoon , and stab food . It 's perfect for making my school lunch eco-friendly , by not using throwaway plastic . They are also good for camping or even just eating with at home !
 It 's a spoon no , it 's a fork , It 's nice . Although I find the cutting edge of the fork a little annoying . So I softened it with a hot iron . . Works great now !!
 Fabulous for taking lunch to work . We bought the 4-pack and shared it with others . The colors are also fun .
 Okay , they 're plastic , they 're cute and colorful but they work . They 're useful for traveling , camping and kids . Who can resist a spork ? Whip one out at work for your lunch . Use one for your yogurt on the go . And the children love 'em too.We recommend sporks to anyone on the go . They work well with hot or cold foods and the knife edge will do for most small cutting jobs .
 I saw one of these critters at a potluck and decided I had to have one ! As a girl , I never have a spare pocket -LRB- or usually ANY pocket ! -RRB- to put utensils in while going down a serving line so having one utensil rather than 3 to manage along with my plate and napkin is great . Kudos to the guy/girl who thought of this !
 Nice little item for the `` bug out '' pack . I have not used them as of yet -LRB- which is why I gave it only four stars -RRB- , but the four-pack takes up very little space , is lightweight , appears durable and is perfect for the family . Get yourself a set so you can keep dirty fingers out of your food while camping or faced with a survival situation !
 I gave these sporks with some bento box paraphernalia and my children loved them . I kept a couple for myself , and they are great !
 I am flight attendant for Delta Air Lines and I love my `` spork utensil . '' I am on the go as you can imagine and one thing I look for are items that are versatile and compact . The Spork is all that wrapped up in one ! It is a knife , spoon and fork all in one . You do not need to carry the traditional 3 piece utensils , instead just one item . Now that is being efficient and space savvy . I definitely recommend this to everyone that travels and is on the go . If you bring food to work , then do not leave the house without this item . This is definitely a keeper .
 The spork works well when packing a lunch for work . Side of the fork works for cutting up light foods . This spork keeps me from using plastic spoons & forks in the breakroom . Lightweight and streamlined . I like them !
 These come in so handy . I carry them when traveling . So instead of cheap plastic forks or spoons I have a utensil that really works . We do n't eat buns but love hotdogs at ball games , so we just use our sporks . I have several for all places
 I bought these to have compact , versatile utensils at the office and for car camping . They 're great for that . I have n't taken them on airplane trips for snacks , but I do n't see the utensil causing any problems then . They do have some problems , though . First , they 're polycarbonate . I would prefer that they be made from a safer plastic . Second , the fork end is geared for lefties , and I 'm right handed . I 'm still using them in spite of possible BPA leeching , but if I find something better , they 'll be decorative only .
 We have n't gotten a chance to really use them yet , but they feel exceptionally sturdy . I did n't realize that they had a little serrated `` knife '' piece . I 'm slightly worried they wo n't be allowed in my kids ' school :-LRB- otherwise , great product
 Items were as advertised . Very durable . I would buy again . I wish they were about a 1/2 inch shorter to fit into my backpacking mugs .
 These sporks were perfect for a weekend camping trip . I bought mine in the assorted colors which really helped to cut back on whose implement was whose and let me know exactly who to talk to when anything went missing . There were no problems when they came out of the dishwasher .
 The perfect spork . It 's a great size , fits in a purse or lunch bag . Light weight , but strong enough to actually eat with comfortably . It 's got a nice ergonomic shape , makes jello eating super enjoyable . Even the little serrated edge on the fork is functional .
 Where can you get a spoon , fork and knife in one piece that is light and backpacker friendly ? From Light My Fire of course . I liked these so much backpacking that I bought 2 more sets and have them in my camping gear and just purchased another set to have at home for my friends kids when they visit . If only they would come out with a case that can hold 2 or 3 sets so I do n't have to keep them in ziplocks or finding them all over the bottom of my camping boxes .
 Got one of these as a gift and proceeded to order 8 more . I gave them to all my teammates at work . We all use them every day !
 I did n't understand that the 4 pack did n't necessarily mean the 4 colors shown , and my 4 grandsons had already chosen from red , green , yellow and green . When my order arrived , I had 2 different colors , including pink , which no one wanted . When I said I thought the ad was for those 4 colors , the supplier made good and sent me those other 2 colors ... and they arrived an hour before the 4 grandsons arrived for a sleepover at Nana 's . Good service and great public relations . But ad should say that those are not specifically the colors you will receive .
 Ever taken a lunch to work and forgotten a fork . . ? You have yogurt but forgot your spoon?Gotten a salad or frosty in the drive through and do n't get the spoon . . or drop it on teh floor?This 4 pack is great for camping , keeping in a desk drawer , a purse and the car ...
 Love the plastic sporks ! i keep one in my desk-all the time , and put them in kids lunch boxes and great for picnics . very handy , inexpensive tool to keep on hand !
 Great little items to keep around for the occasional or unexpected quick bite . These sporks beat the heck out of using your fingers or cheap little fall-apart plastic or wooden ` utensils ' . These are really good ! I find that even at home I will use one of these for what reason I know not other than I simply like using them !
 I have a job where I am away from my kitchen a lot . I am also in an area that is prone to typhoons . I got the four pack so that I could have one to use in my lunch kit and three to put in my typhoon kit for if I have to evacuate.The `` sporks '' are pretty good . I would recommend having a napkin handy if you are intending to use both the fork and the spoon in the same meal as the one is the handle for the other . The serrated edge does serve as a knife but I would n't plan on cutting steak with it . It serves to cut veggies in a salad and to cut rolls and the like.All in all , this is a good product . I am still looking for a true spork but that is more for nostalgia than due to any limitation of this product .
 this spork is great and reusable and will is GREEN friendly and worthy eco minded product.I use this in my lunch every day its VERY sturdy and smooth great to use . HIGHEST recommendationBUY THIS !! Knife fork and spoon work great
 My son uses these everyday for meals . We also use them for camping in the RV and also backpacking with the scouts . Very durable !
 These worked great ! There was n't anything we could n't cut while we were camping . Also really really easy to clean while we were camping too !
 We use these for camping , travel , and daily lunches . Sturdy , very handy , reusable , and environmentally friendly . We would buy again .
 I really like this product . The spoon is large enough to be useful , while the fork will pierce all but the toughest items . I ca n't give it a five because the &#34; knife &#34; edge is useless . I still have to pack a knife , or cut up my items before packing . Despite this I use this daily and have gotten numerous &#34; well that 's cool &#34; compliments .
 I must own 12 of these , I give them as gifts and I put them in every Survival kit I make . When ever I go to the Light my Fire booth at the trade shows I buy some . Really nice guys that run the company too . There always nice .
 These are fantastic for lunches since they can be used for spoon or fork and they are n't so expensive that if they get tossed it 's a big deal .
 These are the ultimate utensil . They are great for campers , outdoor enthusiasts , and college students alike ! I warn that the serrated edge of the knife is quite sharp and since it is on the side of the fork you have to be careful not to hurt the inside of your cheek . Other than that these utensils are fabulous . The color selection is fun too .
 been using these for a while in the office - leave one in the car and one even in the purse sometimes for the impromptu picnic : -RRB-
 The other reviewer is right , the `` knife '' side is a little bit rough on your mouth if you are n't careful.I had to scratch off a plastic nub off 1 of the 8 sporks I purchased with my thumbnail -LRB- BUT , These are so great , I purchased -2 - packages -RRB- . The fork side does n't work that well , but it is good enough.I do n't really use the knife , but it actually helped when I was trying to peel an orange , I needed a starting spot.They are made in Sweden.I use these for work . They are definitely better than the plastic spoons that work provides and so much better than generating trash every time I eat lunch.I leave a few at work and bring them home as they get used.I throw them in the dishwasher bottom rack with all the regular tableware and it is fine .
 But when i opened the package they were shipped the `` sporks '' had a black tar/oilly substance on several of them threw them in the dishwasher a couple a times to be sure . shipping was real fast too .
 I purchased these to give to my staff for meals during our 2-week training versus buying disposable products for the same time frame . They are easy to use , and work great ! As with any spork you do have to shape your meal plan a little bit -LRB- I 'd stay away from steak -RRB- but they do exactly what they should for what they are .
 These sporks make a good addition to our camping food utensils . Once we get the hang of spreading things like cream cheese using the back of the spoon -LRB- because the knife is not good for that -RRB- we 'll have it down !
 Sporks coupled with Squishy bowls make for great light wgt backpacking gear on BSA troop camp outs . Also supports Leave No Trace . .
 I use these in my kid 's lunches as they are not allowed to bring knives and they work great . Plus , as an added bonus , I have less utensils to wash - woohoo ! These are very sturdy and my kids -LRB- who break everything -RRB- have never broken a single one of these !
 They do the job and held up under very cold weather . No problems with them in the dishwasher , either . Best price I 've found for four .
 I use these for work , because you can not bring metal forks in to a prison environment . They are perfect for my lunch bag , easy to clean , and fit in my hand great . The spoon is not too deep , and holds the right amount . The knife is n't exactly a steak knife , but it 'll get the job done . I love it .
 My son loves these . They hold up to his use well . Perfect for lunchboxes ! Not as certain how well they would how well they would hold up to rough man use though . But any normause they do great .
 What can I say , these little sporks are great . I am able to put the set inside my GSI Bugaboo Camper cookware kit to round it out , and even better , the colors match the colors of the plates , bowls , and cups of that kit . It makes it easy to make sure all items are accounted for when packing the kit up . The serrated knife edge is pretty good , and the spork is sturdy enough to cut steak that is cooked properly and not too tough .
 This has been a great product for packing in school lunches . We have n't had much problem with breakage . My daughter used hers for 2 1/2 years before losing her first one . My son 's broke after 3 years of use . No one has complained about the serrated edge on the fork - and I just asked them about it to double-check . They are n't bothered by it and they like having the knife . The kids are in first and second grade and are pretty typical in terms of losing/breaking stuff . Name labels are key . They also carry their lunches in a zipped lunch `` box '' so that may be protective as well .
 No , these sporks are durable , long lasting , textured for good hand and mouth feel . They nest with one another so packing silverware for four for your camping trip or picnic is space saving and easy to identify thanks to the bright colors . The fork side has a jagged edge that is good for breaking your food into smaller chunks . They are generally heat resistant , so they are good for stirring the pot on the cook stove , and since they are non-conductive you wont burn your fingers on these .
 the colors are terrific and they feel sturdy and they are perfect to keep in the car or give as a gift .
 This utensil is nearly perfect in both form and function . Who would have thought a spork could be so aesthetically pleasing ? I bring this to work with me everyday and I ca n't imagine a better utensil .
 I originally bought a titanium spork . She was kind of a rich be-otch , but I took her camping and traveling and she really held her own . A few times , I even smuggled her past TSA security . We were inseparable , but then one day she was gone . : -LRB- I was feeling kind of blue when I found my green Light My Fire spork . Soon , she cheered me up with some Ben & Jerry 's and now we travel everywhere together.I used to think that if my spork did n't come with a hefty price tag , I did n't want to be seen with her . But I 've come to love my new LMF spork 's simple unpretentious ways .
 I never found the fork part of a spork to be very useful . Now we have this Light My Fire spork , and I have to wonder why nobody thought of this before ! Nearly perfect for typical backpacker meals - probably MRE 's too . If you 've a friend or relative `` over there '' , send 'em one .
 What a wonderful product . I own the `` easy lunch box '' and found these on the website . Great product to throw in the lunchbox , backpack or purse so you always have a spoon , fork or knife handy . I thought they would be kid size but I am pleased that they are slightly larger than expected .
 I first bought these for my hiking trips , but they have become a staple in my lunch box and any time I expect to eat on the go . They 're ergonomic , durable , lightweight and well-priced .
 I purchased twelve of these sporks in various colors for use during picnics . They are sturdy and wash well . Children and friends enjoy choosing a color and are , thus , able to keep track of theirs throughout the day . How many wasted plastic forks , knives and spoons get thrown away because they are identical and no one remembers where they put theirs . Less waste pleases me . They are also just plain fun . Imagine watching your friends learning to use one . Highly recommended . Make sure to get lots of different colors .
 We discovered these at a Corning outlet last summer -LRB- who knew ?? -RRB- , and have loved them ever since . I use them daily in the lunches that I prepare for work , and my kids just love to use them everyday ! they call them '' fifeoons '' -LRB- anagram for Fork , knIFE , spOONS -RRB- . if you have a use for an alternative type of cutlery , these are for you !
 What 's not to like?My kid wo n't eat with anything else -LRB- and he 's 17 ! -RRB- . Well made . Our first Spork is going strong after several years . We bought the 4-pack as an 18th birthday present . Please do n't tell my son ...
 I love the little spork ! This is so handy to just throw in your lunch bag or your purse . I had so many comments on this item . Easy to clean , goes right in the dishwasher .
 These sporks are great for camping , and for general use in other locations as well . I keep on in my office for use whenever somebody is celebrating a birthday or something . Pretty handy .
 Sporks are a wonderful addition to your back-to-school supply list . They really come in handy for packing lunches for school age children . One utensil does the work of three - spoon , fork and knife!I purchased two 4-Pack-Assorted Colors for my grandchildren - I gave them to my children for their kids that are in school & I also kept two sporks for use in our vacation home for our two year old twin granddaughters when they come to visit .
 These work well on the trail or at work ! Look great too . I 've used mine over and over again ...
 I keep a spork in my drawer at work , and have given them to all my friends as gifts . No more using plastic utensils and throwing them away . This spork is comfortable to use , works well for cutting , and is comfortable to handle . It cleans up in a snap . I love them ! You can keep one with you , bring to a picnic - they are great .
 Good product for camping ... versatile . Not super heavy duty plastic , but does the job just fine .
 These are well-designed and rugged . Despite being plastic , they are rugged enough to not bend or break while using them . Great for bringing to work for lunches as they are nicer to use than truly disposable plasticware , but not so expensive you would miss it if it got lost or misplaced accidentally.These are also great for using as a cooking spoon/fork/knife if you have camping cookware that is Teflon coated -- you do n't have to worry about marring the surface with metal utensils .
 This is a durable and practical product which is kid-friendly and environmentally friendly . I put these into my kids lunch boxes at school as part of their waste-free lunches . They are dishwasher safe and can withstand wear and tear by two school-age kids . The serrated edge on the fork is easy for a preschooler to use safely without being too sharp or dangerous . Plus the innovative design is a kick for kids and parents . The reusable feature is important to me because it minimizes the need for disposable flatware .
 Tried them on a two-week trip . Super -- in the airport , on the road , in the jungle , etc. . Did n't try the knife but it seemed like it might do fine . Best design spork we 've used .
 These sporks are about what I expected . They do not cut to well unless you hold down your food with another utensil or something but they are durable , hard , and do not soften when in contact with hot food or pans . I have not used the spoon side except to cut something which surprisingly worked better than the knife , and I think it would work well for soups , etc. . I also found it very easy to scrape myself with the knife while eating but never enough to cut me . Overall I am happy with my purchase .
 In my opinion these sporks are about the best solution out there for lightweight , cheap , and fun utensils . I have used them extensively on both serious backpacking trips and fun family car camping . The kids love the different colors and it makes it easy to not get them mixed up . I have broken three . If you do n't pack them somewhat carefully they can snap . This can also occur if you do something crazy with your spork . There are two solutions . 1 -RRB- Get the titanium one . This one is heavier , more expensive , and gets hot if you leave it in hot food . 2 -RRB- Carry an extra . If there are two of you , carry three . If there are four of you , carry six . I usually bring my titanium one as backup but it is not as pleasant to use as these colorful guys , I have rarely seen the fork side used . These are surprisingly ergonomic . The large sized one is great for boil-in-bag food . Bring a spare or two ! And most importantly , have fun out there !
 I got these for my birthday ; I am a teacher , so portability and ease of cleaning are important to me . I love the colors and the size , but while I use the fork end , I ca n't help but worry I am going to cut myself with the knife ! It would be better if the knife were either not there -- because you ca n't cut with just a knife and no fork -- or at least if the knife were on the other side of the fork . Otherwise , this is a great product , and it 's definitely worth the price !
 These are great . I keep one in my kids lunch boxes and they never have to be without whatever utensil they need . And they 're `` school safe ''
 These spoon/fork/knife combos are great , lightweight tools for backpacking , camping , or college students who tend to lose things when they are n't all in one spot . I got them for my brothers for christmas after having one for myself for a long time.one note , do n't try to use the spines of the fork as a prying tool , they will snap , but as long as you use it to eat food it holds up great !
 I plan on stocking up on these , in all their forms - multiple colors , titanium , large and small . Come the Zombie Apocalypse , I will use them for trading and as gifts to the less prepared . They 're also handy for non-zombie situations , such as camping . I have used them multiple times during camp cooking and they are nigh indestructible .
 A very well designed , durable , functional product . The knife is designed in such a way that you do n't even notice it with your mouth , so little risk of getting cut by it . But yet the knife is sharp enough and sturdy enough to cut a steak . It holds up to sustained contact with boiling liquids without any hit of softening.I 've been using one 3-4 times a week for the past year . I throw it in my lunch box for work . The only problem I had was coworkers trying to steal it from me . It 's about as close to a perfectly designed product as I 've seen .
 Durable , easy to clean -LRB- dishwasher safe -RRB- , cheap , and cool polypropylene that wo n't scratch non-stick surfaces . What 's not to like ? OK , it would be useful if they were a bit longer for reaching the bottom of the meal bag . The only thing else to consider is the much more expensiveLight My Fire Titanium Spork . I also paid $ 14 for the matchingGSI Outdoors 12-Piece Cascadian Set .
 Not sure why I use this everyday to eat ceral , but I do . Not a bad deal . The titanium one is stronger and I do like that one better than the plastic but the plastic one is still okay .
 Anyone who does not want to eat with their fingers out in the outdoors should stash a couple of these in their car or backpack .
 just what i needed for a trip to china :D used them when eating in the hotel room and on the road .
 It 's a spork . It 's kinda short . . but it works . What 's to say about it ? It 's green , it was cheap , they are light . . it 's a spork.No complaints.Who doesnt ' love a spork ?
 My scouting family has a pretty active camping schedule and uses these all the time so I just had to get pink for my youngest daughter to feel like she fit in with her older brothers . Good quality product and works great . We have had ours for a year now and none have broken yet .
 Sturdy utensil recommended for my sons 10 day hiking trip . He did n't have any issues . Came home with it still one piece .
 I was going to get the Titanium version of these but at $ 11 a piece I decided to hold off for awhile . These are very light as well and do the job just fine .
 I bought this for my wife . Every time we would go on vacation day outing we seemed to always need a spoon/fork for my wife or the kids . This is just right .
 My daughter just loves these sporks . They are more lite than titanium sporks and they include a spoon , fork & knife in one utensil . Great choice for ultra-lite packing or just camp use in general . They seem durable just do n't let them melt in a frying pan ,
 I 'm a college student , so this came in handy . I can make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with only one utensil ! Also , everyone who sees them thinks that they 're super cool .
 I bought these for my kids to put in their lunch boxes -LRB- we send them to school with sack lunch every day -RRB- . So far , they work great . The only downfall of these is that the serrated edge on the fork is more of a novelty than anything , and can be irritating on the inside of your cheek when using the fork . I would have much preferred these to not have any &#34; knife &#34; edge - more like the &#34; Little &#34; sporks by the same company.We 'll see how the hold up for durability , but as they are right now , it beats sending good silverware to school with the kids -LRB- to lose -RRB- , and also beats buying and throwing away plastic silverware .
 Great sporks , with excellent useability and packability . I 've used them for years in &#34; the bush &#34; , and finally bought the 4-pack because I was tired of sharing with my teammates . The Titanium version is lightweight , durable , and has a better &#34; cool factor &#34; for sure , but the plastic versions are as tough as I 've used , and I recommend both for use from 1 day to 1 month in whatever conditions you encounter .
 Great design and compact utensil . Works great for camping . These are a bit short for adult hands though . Difficult to use without handling one of the business ends .
 These are great for taking to work . Very durable . I would recommend everyone to get this product . Yes I would .
 We love these for lunch boxes . They are vivid colors so the kids do not accidently throw them away , and they always have all three utensils for lunch .
 I bought one of these fabulos utencils a few years ago , they are super handy . Be careful with the knife , it is acctually sharp . These are great to carry in your purse so that you are not useing disposible utencils . Highly recommend !
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 Soft and comfy ! Still holding up after 2 years now , they are our favorites - my husband and I fight over them -LRB- we have the same sized feet -RRB- . Nicely padded without being too thick , these are the perfect socks .
 I purchased 2 head-lights for my 9 yr old twin sons for their first cub scout campout . I especially liked that they adjust in so many positions , allow for a hat to be worn over the straps , and worked both nights of the campout without a problem and still lite up afterward . One of the best purchases I made for their campout .
 I did n't know quite what to expect from looking at the pic , but this is a mini flintlock with working flint hammer and trigger attached to a very safely blunt dagger . It has ornate metal scrolling and and good weight , and is a nice looking piece . Mine had some packing material stuck inside which initially prevented it from cocking but I managed to clean that out and it now works perfectly . This was n't Prime eligible and as it turned out Seller would n't cover return shipping so if I had n't been able to fix it I 'd have paid S&H both ways , which is the only downside . Now I just have to come up with some sort of holster for it .
 This is the second sweatshirt I have purchased from this company through Amazon . It is the perfect weightand perfect size for my use . I get cold easily and it is perfect to throw on . I have one in pink and now one in orange . Company offers many colors . Will probably purchase another one in the future .
 I love the slim fit and it is nice to have a thigh pocket without the cargo pocket bulk . The fabric is more substantial than many other hiking pants , but they seem very durable . I liked them so much I bought another pair in khaki .
 I know these parts are made for hiking but I bought these for my deployment in Afghanistan . I wear these during the harsh summer months -LRB- 130F -RRB- and I could n't ask for more out of a pair of pants . They are very durable , they stay dry no matter how much I sweat , they are not bulky , and they keep me cool . The material is lightweight but I dont feel over exposed when I wear them . I went up a size to make sure they were roomy and they are perfect . I get a lot of compliments since they are very feminine and are flattering on a womans body . All of the girls here have bought a pair at one time or another and they love them too . They are worth every penny and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I was very happy with this rib tank , but must agree with prior reviewer that its cut just a little bit shorter than I would have expected , if not for the other reviewer 's warning . However , I actually really liked the fit as I do n't like to tuck in alot of material -LRB- I just leave mine hanging out -RRB- and ended up buying another one . Its not like it was short enough to show my stomach or anything , even when stretching upward . -LRB- However , I am not really large busted . If you are , its VERY possible that this tank top will be too short - unless you LIKE having a bit of tummy showing ... -RRB- Material and logo are nice quality . Warning
 Comfortable , but shrinks after first wash . Maybe order a size larger as the shirt barely falls at the waist to begin with .
 This utensil is nearly perfect in both form and function . Who would have thought a spork could be so aesthetically pleasing ? I bring this to work with me everyday and I ca n't imagine a better utensil .
 I originally bought a titanium spork . She was kind of a rich be-otch , but I took her camping and traveling and she really held her own . A few times , I even smuggled her past TSA security . We were inseparable , but then one day she was gone . : -LRB- I was feeling kind of blue when I found my green Light My Fire spork . Soon , she cheered me up with some Ben & Jerry 's and now we travel everywhere together.I used to think that if my spork did n't come with a hefty price tag , I did n't want to be seen with her . But I 've come to love my new LMF spork 's simple unpretentious ways .
 I never found the fork part of a spork to be very useful . Now we have this Light My Fire spork , and I have to wonder why nobody thought of this before ! Nearly perfect for typical backpacker meals - probably MRE 's too . If you 've a friend or relative `` over there '' , send 'em one .
 What a wonderful product . I own the `` easy lunch box '' and found these on the website . Great product to throw in the lunchbox , backpack or purse so you always have a spoon , fork or knife handy . I thought they would be kid size but I am pleased that they are slightly larger than expected .
 Sporks coupled with Squishy bowls make for great light wgt backpacking gear on BSA troop camp outs . Also supports Leave No Trace . .
 I use these in my kid 's lunches as they are not allowed to bring knives and they work great . Plus , as an added bonus , I have less utensils to wash - woohoo ! These are very sturdy and my kids -LRB- who break everything -RRB- have never broken a single one of these !
 They do the job and held up under very cold weather . No problems with them in the dishwasher , either . Best price I 've found for four .
 I use these for work , because you can not bring metal forks in to a prison environment . They are perfect for my lunch bag , easy to clean , and fit in my hand great . The spoon is not too deep , and holds the right amount . The knife is n't exactly a steak knife , but it 'll get the job done . I love it .
 My son loves these . They hold up to his use well . Perfect for lunchboxes ! Not as certain how well they would how well they would hold up to rough man use though . But any normause they do great .
 What can I say , these little sporks are great . I am able to put the set inside my GSI Bugaboo Camper cookware kit to round it out , and even better , the colors match the colors of the plates , bowls , and cups of that kit . It makes it easy to make sure all items are accounted for when packing the kit up . The serrated knife edge is pretty good , and the spork is sturdy enough to cut steak that is cooked properly and not too tough .
 This has been a great product for packing in school lunches . We have n't had much problem with breakage . My daughter used hers for 2 1/2 years before losing her first one . My son 's broke after 3 years of use . No one has complained about the serrated edge on the fork - and I just asked them about it to double-check . They are n't bothered by it and they like having the knife . The kids are in first and second grade and are pretty typical in terms of losing/breaking stuff . Name labels are key . They also carry their lunches in a zipped lunch `` box '' so that may be protective as well .
 No , these sporks are durable , long lasting , textured for good hand and mouth feel . They nest with one another so packing silverware for four for your camping trip or picnic is space saving and easy to identify thanks to the bright colors . The fork side has a jagged edge that is good for breaking your food into smaller chunks . They are generally heat resistant , so they are good for stirring the pot on the cook stove , and since they are non-conductive you wont burn your fingers on these .
 the colors are terrific and they feel sturdy and they are perfect to keep in the car or give as a gift .
 I first bought these for my hiking trips , but they have become a staple in my lunch box and any time I expect to eat on the go . They 're ergonomic , durable , lightweight and well-priced .
 I purchased twelve of these sporks in various colors for use during picnics . They are sturdy and wash well . Children and friends enjoy choosing a color and are , thus , able to keep track of theirs throughout the day . How many wasted plastic forks , knives and spoons get thrown away because they are identical and no one remembers where they put theirs . Less waste pleases me . They are also just plain fun . Imagine watching your friends learning to use one . Highly recommended . Make sure to get lots of different colors .
 We discovered these at a Corning outlet last summer -LRB- who knew ?? -RRB- , and have loved them ever since . I use them daily in the lunches that I prepare for work , and my kids just love to use them everyday ! they call them '' fifeoons '' -LRB- anagram for Fork , knIFE , spOONS -RRB- . if you have a use for an alternative type of cutlery , these are for you !
 What 's not to like?My kid wo n't eat with anything else -LRB- and he 's 17 ! -RRB- . Well made . Our first Spork is going strong after several years . We bought the 4-pack as an 18th birthday present . Please do n't tell my son ...
 I love the little spork ! This is so handy to just throw in your lunch bag or your purse . I had so many comments on this item . Easy to clean , goes right in the dishwasher .
 These sporks are great for camping , and for general use in other locations as well . I keep on in my office for use whenever somebody is celebrating a birthday or something . Pretty handy .
 Sporks are a wonderful addition to your back-to-school supply list . They really come in handy for packing lunches for school age children . One utensil does the work of three - spoon , fork and knife!I purchased two 4-Pack-Assorted Colors for my grandchildren - I gave them to my children for their kids that are in school & I also kept two sporks for use in our vacation home for our two year old twin granddaughters when they come to visit .
 These work well on the trail or at work ! Look great too . I 've used mine over and over again ...
 I throw one of these in my lunch bag everyday for work . Do n't have to worry about grabbing both a fork and spoon . Nice and lightweight . I typically hold onto the middle of the spork especially if I am using both ends for my meal . Easy to wipe clean . Perfect size for those narrow yogurt containers . Will be using these camping too .
 Many will agree that the design is delightful . Most will also agree that when in hand , eating from the spoon side or the fork side it is still a great product . The knife is more annoying that useful in most cases . But since I use one almost everyday , there are uses for it.The plastic version of the spork is prone to snapping in the middle , as I 've broken 4 so far , but the titanium version is excellent
 My son loves these things . He wont eat anything that requires a spoon with anything other than this -LRB- which is n't necessarily a good thing for me , but good for whoever is selling me them . -RRB- I 'm buying him more for chirstmas .
 Probably also useful if you 're out camping , in which case I would probably go with the metal version.Basically , this is a super spork . I now use it everyday at work while I eat my lunches hehe . . Spoon works like a spoon , fork works like a fork , and the knife works . . ermm . . well , does it?Maybe you should buy two LMF Sporks so you can hold your food down while you cut it : -RRB-
 I bought the 4-pack of sporks for my kid 's lunch kits . They seem pretty durable so far , are dishwasher-safe , and are a bit funkier than disposable plastic spoons and forks . Would be great to keep a couple in the car for roadtrips , picnics , etc. .
 Perfect for on the trail . I got a four pack and split them with friends . Everybody loved it . Stiff enough to be functional , flexible enough to get packed in tight . Seems very durable . Would buy again .
 Do n't leave home without your spork , at least when you 're backpacking . It 's a spoon , for , and knife all in one and it 's super lightweight . What else could you ask for ?
 I am very happy with these sporks . I was going through tons of plastic ware at work and feeling very guilty about it . These are inexpensive yet very durable . If I lose one , I wo n't be too upset . I would recommend these to others .
 I was happy with this item , my only comment would be I wish they had made it 1 '' longer , it would make a big difference for larger hands and for stirring food pouch . Would recommend for hikers .
 I like this product but when you eat with the fork you likely will cut the inside of your cheek . This are nice for camp/picnics/lunches ... Personally I would look for one without the knife on the utensil .
 It 's a spoon no , it 's a fork , It 's nice . Although I find the cutting edge of the fork a little annoying . So I softened it with a hot iron . . Works great now !!
 Fabulous for taking lunch to work . We bought the 4-pack and shared it with others . The colors are also fun .
 Okay , they 're plastic , they 're cute and colorful but they work . They 're useful for traveling , camping and kids . Who can resist a spork ? Whip one out at work for your lunch . Use one for your yogurt on the go . And the children love 'em too.We recommend sporks to anyone on the go . They work well with hot or cold foods and the knife edge will do for most small cutting jobs .
 I saw one of these critters at a potluck and decided I had to have one ! As a girl , I never have a spare pocket -LRB- or usually ANY pocket ! -RRB- to put utensils in while going down a serving line so having one utensil rather than 3 to manage along with my plate and napkin is great . Kudos to the guy/girl who thought of this !
 Nice little item for the `` bug out '' pack . I have not used them as of yet -LRB- which is why I gave it only four stars -RRB- , but the four-pack takes up very little space , is lightweight , appears durable and is perfect for the family . Get yourself a set so you can keep dirty fingers out of your food while camping or faced with a survival situation !
 I gave these sporks with some bento box paraphernalia and my children loved them . I kept a couple for myself , and they are great !
 I am flight attendant for Delta Air Lines and I love my `` spork utensil . '' I am on the go as you can imagine and one thing I look for are items that are versatile and compact . The Spork is all that wrapped up in one ! It is a knife , spoon and fork all in one . You do not need to carry the traditional 3 piece utensils , instead just one item . Now that is being efficient and space savvy . I definitely recommend this to everyone that travels and is on the go . If you bring food to work , then do not leave the house without this item . This is definitely a keeper .
 The spork works well when packing a lunch for work . Side of the fork works for cutting up light foods . This spork keeps me from using plastic spoons & forks in the breakroom . Lightweight and streamlined . I like them !
 These come in so handy . I carry them when traveling . So instead of cheap plastic forks or spoons I have a utensil that really works . We do n't eat buns but love hotdogs at ball games , so we just use our sporks . I have several for all places
 I bought these to have compact , versatile utensils at the office and for car camping . They 're great for that . I have n't taken them on airplane trips for snacks , but I do n't see the utensil causing any problems then . They do have some problems , though . First , they 're polycarbonate . I would prefer that they be made from a safer plastic . Second , the fork end is geared for lefties , and I 'm right handed . I 'm still using them in spite of possible BPA leeching , but if I find something better , they 'll be decorative only .
 These spoon/fork/knife combos are great , lightweight tools for backpacking , camping , or college students who tend to lose things when they are n't all in one spot . I got them for my brothers for christmas after having one for myself for a long time.one note , do n't try to use the spines of the fork as a prying tool , they will snap , but as long as you use it to eat food it holds up great !
 I plan on stocking up on these , in all their forms - multiple colors , titanium , large and small . Come the Zombie Apocalypse , I will use them for trading and as gifts to the less prepared . They 're also handy for non-zombie situations , such as camping . I have used them multiple times during camp cooking and they are nigh indestructible .
 A very well designed , durable , functional product . The knife is designed in such a way that you do n't even notice it with your mouth , so little risk of getting cut by it . But yet the knife is sharp enough and sturdy enough to cut a steak . It holds up to sustained contact with boiling liquids without any hit of softening.I 've been using one 3-4 times a week for the past year . I throw it in my lunch box for work . The only problem I had was coworkers trying to steal it from me . It 's about as close to a perfectly designed product as I 've seen .
 Durable , easy to clean -LRB- dishwasher safe -RRB- , cheap , and cool polypropylene that wo n't scratch non-stick surfaces . What 's not to like ? OK , it would be useful if they were a bit longer for reaching the bottom of the meal bag . The only thing else to consider is the much more expensiveLight My Fire Titanium Spork . I also paid $ 14 for the matchingGSI Outdoors 12-Piece Cascadian Set .
 Not sure why I use this everyday to eat ceral , but I do . Not a bad deal . The titanium one is stronger and I do like that one better than the plastic but the plastic one is still okay .
 Anyone who does not want to eat with their fingers out in the outdoors should stash a couple of these in their car or backpack .
 just what i needed for a trip to china :D used them when eating in the hotel room and on the road .
 It 's a spork . It 's kinda short . . but it works . What 's to say about it ? It 's green , it was cheap , they are light . . it 's a spork.No complaints.Who doesnt ' love a spork ?
 My scouting family has a pretty active camping schedule and uses these all the time so I just had to get pink for my youngest daughter to feel like she fit in with her older brothers . Good quality product and works great . We have had ours for a year now and none have broken yet .
 Sturdy utensil recommended for my sons 10 day hiking trip . He did n't have any issues . Came home with it still one piece .
 I was going to get the Titanium version of these but at $ 11 a piece I decided to hold off for awhile . These are very light as well and do the job just fine .
 I bought this for my wife . Every time we would go on vacation day outing we seemed to always need a spoon/fork for my wife or the kids . This is just right .
 My daughter just loves these sporks . They are more lite than titanium sporks and they include a spoon , fork & knife in one utensil . Great choice for ultra-lite packing or just camp use in general . They seem durable just do n't let them melt in a frying pan ,
 I 'm a college student , so this came in handy . I can make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with only one utensil ! Also , everyone who sees them thinks that they 're super cool .
 I bought these for my kids to put in their lunch boxes -LRB- we send them to school with sack lunch every day -RRB- . So far , they work great . The only downfall of these is that the serrated edge on the fork is more of a novelty than anything , and can be irritating on the inside of your cheek when using the fork . I would have much preferred these to not have any &#34; knife &#34; edge - more like the &#34; Little &#34; sporks by the same company.We 'll see how the hold up for durability , but as they are right now , it beats sending good silverware to school with the kids -LRB- to lose -RRB- , and also beats buying and throwing away plastic silverware .
 Great sporks , with excellent useability and packability . I 've used them for years in &#34; the bush &#34; , and finally bought the 4-pack because I was tired of sharing with my teammates . The Titanium version is lightweight , durable , and has a better &#34; cool factor &#34; for sure , but the plastic versions are as tough as I 've used , and I recommend both for use from 1 day to 1 month in whatever conditions you encounter .
 Great design and compact utensil . Works great for camping . These are a bit short for adult hands though . Difficult to use without handling one of the business ends .
 These are great for taking to work . Very durable . I would recommend everyone to get this product . Yes I would .
 We love these for lunch boxes . They are vivid colors so the kids do not accidently throw them away , and they always have all three utensils for lunch .
 I bought one of these fabulos utencils a few years ago , they are super handy . Be careful with the knife , it is acctually sharp . These are great to carry in your purse so that you are not useing disposible utencils . Highly recommend !
 These are the ultimate utensil . They are great for campers , outdoor enthusiasts , and college students alike ! I warn that the serrated edge of the knife is quite sharp and since it is on the side of the fork you have to be careful not to hurt the inside of your cheek . Other than that these utensils are fabulous . The color selection is fun too .
 been using these for a while in the office - leave one in the car and one even in the purse sometimes for the impromptu picnic : -RRB-
 The other reviewer is right , the `` knife '' side is a little bit rough on your mouth if you are n't careful.I had to scratch off a plastic nub off 1 of the 8 sporks I purchased with my thumbnail -LRB- BUT , These are so great , I purchased -2 - packages -RRB- . The fork side does n't work that well , but it is good enough.I do n't really use the knife , but it actually helped when I was trying to peel an orange , I needed a starting spot.They are made in Sweden.I use these for work . They are definitely better than the plastic spoons that work provides and so much better than generating trash every time I eat lunch.I leave a few at work and bring them home as they get used.I throw them in the dishwasher bottom rack with all the regular tableware and it is fine .
 But when i opened the package they were shipped the `` sporks '' had a black tar/oilly substance on several of them threw them in the dishwasher a couple a times to be sure . shipping was real fast too .
 I purchased these to give to my staff for meals during our 2-week training versus buying disposable products for the same time frame . They are easy to use , and work great ! As with any spork you do have to shape your meal plan a little bit -LRB- I 'd stay away from steak -RRB- but they do exactly what they should for what they are .
 These sporks make a good addition to our camping food utensils . Once we get the hang of spreading things like cream cheese using the back of the spoon -LRB- because the knife is not good for that -RRB- we 'll have it down !
 These things are exactly what I was looking for . Lightweight , 3-in-1 usage , BPA and PVC free , and durable . They are not made in China -LRB- the are made in Sweden -RRB- . The spoon is curved enough to actually hold liquid , the fork is sturdy enough to actually poke and hold objects , and the knife can cut things fairly well without cutting your mouth while you eat.I think these are made of the same type of plastic -LRB- Tritan -RRB- as all of those high-quality BPA-free water bottles.I chose the plastic ones over the titanium one because I was not sure if the titanium would leave a metallic taste as some reviewers had noted . Regardless of that , I am glad I chose these . Got the 3-pack of smaller pink ones for my daughter for school , and she loves them as well .
 I bought these to replace the packages of disposable forks and spoons that I used to keep in my `` stuff '' drawer at work . Seems like the day I decide to bring soup to work ... I always forget a spoon . Or the day I stop for salad ... I do n't have a fork.These wash up pretty easily . Better than metal flatware washes up when you do your `` dishwashing '' at the office . I 'm changing departments ... and contemplating buying a bunch of these and giving them away as `` going away '' presents to my co-workers . Handy . Will they save the world ? Probably not . Will they keep you from collecting your silverware from home in your pencil drawer ? Yep .
 What else is there to say ? Delivered promptly , held no surprises , exactly what it says on the tin ...
 Go green ! Be eco friendly.these are awsome .
 More functional and stylish than any other utensil . The serrated edge is like a mini-knife , handy when you need to cut something in the wild or at work .
 Much better than a normal spork . With a normal spork you have a spoon with holes in it and a fork that is too short to really do any good . So its two useful utensils made useless . This spork fixes that by putting each on opposite ends . The knife on the fork is ok , but you usually need a fork to hold the food in place when cutting so they really were n't needed . The plastic ones do , however , break easy on the spoon end if you try to dig into something relatively hard . If you find that your cooking is breaking your plastic sporks , there is a titanium version that is much more durable .
 This is a pack of four utensils that can be used to cut , spoon , and stab food . It 's perfect for making my school lunch eco-friendly , by not using throwaway plastic . They are also good for camping or even just eating with at home !
 Got these for our family camping trips to avoid all the waste with disposable stuff . Last trip we actually forgot cooking utensils so I ended making all our meals with these . Small pancakes flip ok with the fork surprisingly . They are very strong and light . I recommend them : - -RRB-
 I saw these sporks and thought of my daughter and how much fun she would have while she eat with them . I found that she really rather play with them . She likes the colors and I like the price for the set of 4 and not for one .
 great for camping , the color coded is awesome so everyone knows who did n't do dishes , get it man I 'm funny -LRB- needed 3 words to complete review what can you really say about a plastic spoon ... as if -RRB-
 These are lightweight and easy to pack but gives you a full fork and spoon . I use these nearly daily when I eat lunch at work . Easy to clean too . Great product .
 Great design and range of colors . We have used these for eating at work , on the go , road trips , camping , tailgating you name it we have probably taken the Sporks with us . They are comfortable and have no sharp edges like some other sporks that I have purchased in the past .
 This is a great compact way to solve the old forgotten flatware trick that plagues so many of us who take lunch to work . I constantly forget to put a spoon or fork with my lunch , but now I have this sport . By leaving it in my car , I no longer have to remember my flatware when packing lunches.The one downside is that the tines on the fork feel somewhat flimsy , non have broken so far but it does seem likely.Aside from that it 's the perfect compliment for a backpack or meal kit and I recommend it
 Very nice item to have in case of emergency highly recommended but have n't use it yet and I am sure it is fine instead of using your hands ...
 The Light My Fire Spork 4 Pack is an good addition to your gear for non-rugged use such as picnics and day hikes . It is made from heat-resistant polycarbonate and only weighs .36 ounces so it will function well for those who count ounces . Generally polycarbonate is pretty strong and durable but I have had a couple of these sporks break . Being that it is a 4 pack you will have some spares . Additionally , it will not scratch non-stick cookware . It fits good in my hands and is easy to use for different types of food for the most part.Basics : + Spoon - Good size for using with freeze dried meals such as Mountain House or soup . + Fork - Good for using with softer foods . The tips of the fork are not as pointy as most forks used in dinnerware so it is a little more challenging when using with a well done steak or any meat that is tough . Works well with Spaghetti and other types of noodles . + Knife - The knife is located on the side of the fork . For obvious reasons it is not very sharp . The serrations are not long and are dull so it will not cut your mouth but it is also not very functional for cutting food either . I 'm not really convinced that there is much utility to the knife unless used on very soft food such as pancakes.The real benefits of this spork is that it is better than cheap plastic utensils although I still prefer using theLight My Fire Titanium Sporkwhich is much more durable . If you are looking for a more durable product than disposable eating utensils then this 4 pack of sporks is a decent choice . Yes , these sporks can break but they are still more durable than disposable plastic utensils . They are good for family picnics where they wo n't really be abused and can be easily cleaned and reused . I do n't recommend these necessarily as part of your gear for long term use because they can break and may lack the durability you will need for your situation . Like any piece of gear it is important to know the positive and negative qualities of the product and this spork is no different in that regard . Overall , the Light My Fire Spork 4 Pack has its place as long as you know the limitations .
 Great little items to keep around for the occasional or unexpected quick bite . These sporks beat the heck out of using your fingers or cheap little fall-apart plastic or wooden ` utensils ' . These are really good ! I find that even at home I will use one of these for what reason I know not other than I simply like using them !
 I have a job where I am away from my kitchen a lot . I am also in an area that is prone to typhoons . I got the four pack so that I could have one to use in my lunch kit and three to put in my typhoon kit for if I have to evacuate.The `` sporks '' are pretty good . I would recommend having a napkin handy if you are intending to use both the fork and the spoon in the same meal as the one is the handle for the other . The serrated edge does serve as a knife but I would n't plan on cutting steak with it . It serves to cut veggies in a salad and to cut rolls and the like.All in all , this is a good product . I am still looking for a true spork but that is more for nostalgia than due to any limitation of this product .
 this spork is great and reusable and will is GREEN friendly and worthy eco minded product.I use this in my lunch every day its VERY sturdy and smooth great to use . HIGHEST recommendationBUY THIS !! Knife fork and spoon work great
 My son uses these everyday for meals . We also use them for camping in the RV and also backpacking with the scouts . Very durable !
 These worked great ! There was n't anything we could n't cut while we were camping . Also really really easy to clean while we were camping too !
 We use these for camping , travel , and daily lunches . Sturdy , very handy , reusable , and environmentally friendly . We would buy again .
 I really like this product . The spoon is large enough to be useful , while the fork will pierce all but the toughest items . I ca n't give it a five because the &#34; knife &#34; edge is useless . I still have to pack a knife , or cut up my items before packing . Despite this I use this daily and have gotten numerous &#34; well that 's cool &#34; compliments .
 I must own 12 of these , I give them as gifts and I put them in every Survival kit I make . When ever I go to the Light my Fire booth at the trade shows I buy some . Really nice guys that run the company too . There always nice .
 These are fantastic for lunches since they can be used for spoon or fork and they are n't so expensive that if they get tossed it 's a big deal .
 We have n't gotten a chance to really use them yet , but they feel exceptionally sturdy . I did n't realize that they had a little serrated `` knife '' piece . I 'm slightly worried they wo n't be allowed in my kids ' school :-LRB- otherwise , great product
 Items were as advertised . Very durable . I would buy again . I wish they were about a 1/2 inch shorter to fit into my backpacking mugs .
 These sporks were perfect for a weekend camping trip . I bought mine in the assorted colors which really helped to cut back on whose implement was whose and let me know exactly who to talk to when anything went missing . There were no problems when they came out of the dishwasher .
 The perfect spork . It 's a great size , fits in a purse or lunch bag . Light weight , but strong enough to actually eat with comfortably . It 's got a nice ergonomic shape , makes jello eating super enjoyable . Even the little serrated edge on the fork is functional .
 Where can you get a spoon , fork and knife in one piece that is light and backpacker friendly ? From Light My Fire of course . I liked these so much backpacking that I bought 2 more sets and have them in my camping gear and just purchased another set to have at home for my friends kids when they visit . If only they would come out with a case that can hold 2 or 3 sets so I do n't have to keep them in ziplocks or finding them all over the bottom of my camping boxes .
 Got one of these as a gift and proceeded to order 8 more . I gave them to all my teammates at work . We all use them every day !
 I did n't understand that the 4 pack did n't necessarily mean the 4 colors shown , and my 4 grandsons had already chosen from red , green , yellow and green . When my order arrived , I had 2 different colors , including pink , which no one wanted . When I said I thought the ad was for those 4 colors , the supplier made good and sent me those other 2 colors ... and they arrived an hour before the 4 grandsons arrived for a sleepover at Nana 's . Good service and great public relations . But ad should say that those are not specifically the colors you will receive .
 Ever taken a lunch to work and forgotten a fork . . ? You have yogurt but forgot your spoon?Gotten a salad or frosty in the drive through and do n't get the spoon . . or drop it on teh floor?This 4 pack is great for camping , keeping in a desk drawer , a purse and the car ...
 Love the plastic sporks ! i keep one in my desk-all the time , and put them in kids lunch boxes and great for picnics . very handy , inexpensive tool to keep on hand !
 I keep a spork in my drawer at work , and have given them to all my friends as gifts . No more using plastic utensils and throwing them away . This spork is comfortable to use , works well for cutting , and is comfortable to handle . It cleans up in a snap . I love them ! You can keep one with you , bring to a picnic - they are great .
 Good product for camping ... versatile . Not super heavy duty plastic , but does the job just fine .
 These are well-designed and rugged . Despite being plastic , they are rugged enough to not bend or break while using them . Great for bringing to work for lunches as they are nicer to use than truly disposable plasticware , but not so expensive you would miss it if it got lost or misplaced accidentally.These are also great for using as a cooking spoon/fork/knife if you have camping cookware that is Teflon coated -- you do n't have to worry about marring the surface with metal utensils .
 This is a durable and practical product which is kid-friendly and environmentally friendly . I put these into my kids lunch boxes at school as part of their waste-free lunches . They are dishwasher safe and can withstand wear and tear by two school-age kids . The serrated edge on the fork is easy for a preschooler to use safely without being too sharp or dangerous . Plus the innovative design is a kick for kids and parents . The reusable feature is important to me because it minimizes the need for disposable flatware .
 Tried them on a two-week trip . Super -- in the airport , on the road , in the jungle , etc. . Did n't try the knife but it seemed like it might do fine . Best design spork we 've used .
 These sporks are about what I expected . They do not cut to well unless you hold down your food with another utensil or something but they are durable , hard , and do not soften when in contact with hot food or pans . I have not used the spoon side except to cut something which surprisingly worked better than the knife , and I think it would work well for soups , etc. . I also found it very easy to scrape myself with the knife while eating but never enough to cut me . Overall I am happy with my purchase .
 In my opinion these sporks are about the best solution out there for lightweight , cheap , and fun utensils . I have used them extensively on both serious backpacking trips and fun family car camping . The kids love the different colors and it makes it easy to not get them mixed up . I have broken three . If you do n't pack them somewhat carefully they can snap . This can also occur if you do something crazy with your spork . There are two solutions . 1 -RRB- Get the titanium one . This one is heavier , more expensive , and gets hot if you leave it in hot food . 2 -RRB- Carry an extra . If there are two of you , carry three . If there are four of you , carry six . I usually bring my titanium one as backup but it is not as pleasant to use as these colorful guys , I have rarely seen the fork side used . These are surprisingly ergonomic . The large sized one is great for boil-in-bag food . Bring a spare or two ! And most importantly , have fun out there !
 I got these for my birthday ; I am a teacher , so portability and ease of cleaning are important to me . I love the colors and the size , but while I use the fork end , I ca n't help but worry I am going to cut myself with the knife ! It would be better if the knife were either not there -- because you ca n't cut with just a knife and no fork -- or at least if the knife were on the other side of the fork . Otherwise , this is a great product , and it 's definitely worth the price !
 These are great . I keep one in my kids lunch boxes and they never have to be without whatever utensil they need . And they 're `` school safe ''
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 Item description was extremely accurate . Product is great , postage was nice and fast & I am really happy with them . I would definitely recommend this seller and product to anyone .
 these gloves are one of the best kind of gloves Ive ever had , they have lasted a long time and I love that it helps support my wrists the whole time . These gloves are similar to harbinger gloves -LRB- which are the most popular wrist wrapping gloves -RRB- but they are far less expensive and worst just as well if not better IMO .
 Getting the correct size is important , they give a size scale . I like the extra wrist support in this version for bench press . The gloves take away what ever `` pinch '' you might get from bare hands , and lets you concentrate completely on the weights . A VERY nice glove , glad I bought it .
 I ordered these for someone and he says '' These weightlifting gloves are pure quality and comfort while working out . Not to mention they look great ! `` The leather is very soft and they 're a great fit !
 My gloves fit very well . They were n't tight . They were just right so that I can move my hands and fingers with ease . My wrist felt very supportive . I love these gloves . I ordered the medium fit .
 These are good gloves . I just got them today , they are comfortable and seem very durable and they came at a good price . They look really nice too .
 I ordered these for my daughter 's boyfriend and he loves them . They offer the exact fit and support he was looking for .
 Considering the price , this is a great product . The quality of the gloves is very good and better than any of the other ones that I have used . I highly recommend buying these gloves !
 They came in a timely manner and feel great on my hands . Amazon you are awesome as usual . They are well made and make my workouts enjoyable .
 I actually order these gloves for a friend who does not have internet access . He loves these gloves and they are the only ones he will wear . When the store he purchased them at discontinued them , he came running to me . He actually gets a better deal on amazon .
 I 'd originally purchased these gloves because of the wrist strap feature , however my intention was to use the wrist strap to assist in my deadlifts . I thought it was neat to have the strap included in the gloves as opposed to having to purchase them separately . This did n't work well though as the seam that attached the straps was n't sturdy enough to aid in the support of the bar and resulted in a tear in the stitching on the left glove just days after I 'd received them . -LRB- My wife sewed the tear afterward -RRB- . I do n't know at this point if the wrist strap was made intently for the purpose for which I 'd initially purchased them but they 're definitely not designed sturdy enough to be used in that way . So I use the wrist straps as added support for my wrists now ; which serves a better purpose for these gloves . I purchased a pair of harbinger wrist straps separately to aid in the dead lifts and the combination works great . I only rated this item with 4 stars because it fell short of what I 'd intended to use them for , other than that ; these gloves are very well-designed , sturdy and add great additional wrist support during weight lifting . Ca n't go wrong and I 'll likely purchase another pair !!! Great product !
 I usually end workouts with calloused uncomfortable hands , but not anymore ! These are really easy to wear around and work great . I 'd say to get a larger size than you expect though , as the x-large is perfect for me and I 'm 6 ' 5 '' but probably have below average hand size for my height .
 After using nike lifting gloves for over 5 years , I decided to switch brands and valeo caught my eye . After reading many reviews on this product I decided to give it a try . I have used these gloves for about 2 months and they have been perfect so far . The gloves have a nice all around leather feel to them so they are soft and flexible on the hands when you are doing various work outs , and what I really like are the wrist straps that I am able to wrap around my wrists that help lock them in place -LRB- I 've injured my wrist in the past so the wrist straps I look for are of high priority -RRB- . I will check back after a few more months but these gloves are holding up very well and I lift about 4-5 days out of the week .
 These gloves are great , not only are they not standard black and a stylish tan , they have a supple but strong quality leather and the wrist wrap keeps me from aggrevating a previous injury to my wrist .
 I have 10 years of weight-bearing exercise , I used many different brands of gloves and really these are the best , very soft and durable . they avoided me blisters on my hands .
 These gloves fit small , so order larger size . I usually buy large , but needed extra large , especially for the wrist wrap . But these are really nice quality leather , right amount of padding , and the wrist wrap is very helpful for the added support I like for lifting . I also like the amount of material and padding over the lower part of the fingers . Good price , good product .
 Great gloves , i have tried others by harbinger and felt they had way to much padding to where i couldnt get the best grip and felt extremly uncomfortable . the leather on these is plenty of padding and havent felt a blister at all . mesh on the back and slits in the fingers really help for my hands to breath . fit great work great and look great too . had them for about a month and if they ever wear out i will be getting another pair . Valeo from now on , everything else comes up short .
 Very comfortable , well padded . . Wrist support not too resctrictive . I bought the tan colour and they look very smart . Would highly recommend !
 I used these the day after I bought them and they are exactly what I expected of weight lifting gloves . I had to buy the XL because you decide the size off of your shoe size -LRB- I 'm unsure if that was posted -RRB- . As a woman I did n't enjoy the callouses I was getting from lifting weights bare handed but these gloves helped to stop my hands from burning and I can actually lift more with these gloves because of the stability the wrist straps gave me . They kept my hands dry -LRB- through any sweating I may have done -RRB- , they were EXTRA cushiony so everything I lifted felt like lifting pillows , and they were snug so I was not endanger of losing my grip from the material shifting . I definitely would recommend these gloves to any beginner or experienced weight lifter . They were great.They did leave a few little pills of material on my hands but no dyes or anything of the like . Enjoy these awesome gloves .
 THIS PRODUCT IS COMFORTABLE AND DURABLE . HOWEVER I OBSERVED THAT WHEN I ORDER A SIZE SMALL I RECEIVE SMALL MEDIUM . I REALLY NEED SIZE_SMALL _
 The last pair of these I had lasted well over 2 years and that is with me hitting the gym 5-6 times a week . . Very good product
 I have had these for almost a year and they have done what I wanted them to do , keep my hands soft while allowing me a good grip and that is with usage 3-4 times a week
 I just ordered my third pair after wearing out the last two pair . I really like these gloves . They do eventually wear out in the stitching though . I usually handwash them with soap and water . The leather is really soft but durable and the velcro holds up well too . I use XL but I have large hands . They 're easy to get on and off . The extra wrist strap feel comfortable too . I have no complaints whatsoever . I used to buy them at Academy but last time I went in , all they carried were cheap gloves . So I ordered from Amazon instead . Buy these gloves . One warning
 After reading quite a few reviews , we purchased these gloves as a Christmas present for our teen who is taking a weight training course . We shopped all the `` big box '' sports stores in the area and could not find anything close to the Valeo Wrist Wrap Glove . The gloves we found did not come close to the quality of the Valeo . The stitching is excellent ; and the leather is pliable and comfortable . Also , the wrist wrap is an added bonus . Since the glove description appears to be geared for the male consumer , I was concerned that the size medium may be too large for her , but the fit was great . I might add that another lady 's review was a deciding factor , as she indicated that she purchased the same gloves for her boyfriend , and the medium was tight/snug ; however , they fit her great , so she kept them for herself and purchased the next size up . Our daughter is very happy with the gloves ! I am so glad that I decided to check Amazon.com before going to another mall .
 I have used these gloves for over a year . Still , just like new .
 They have helped support my wrists extremely well . I can lift much heavier weight without the concern of hurting my wrists . Love them !
 These gloves are great ... better than most gloves you will find in the stores . Other gloves break down easy and you just end up buying more in no time at all . These gloves lasted 3 years of heavy weight lifting and then they finally started to tear ... I will not ever purchase any other gloves as long as these are around . They may seem a little pricey but for the quality and the time they will last you . . it 's worth the cost .
 I like the gloves with two exceptions . The straps are a little short and are elastic . If you are accustom to non-elastic straps , you may feel the elastic ones ca n't give the same wrist support . The straps are long enough if you snug them up but not enough to release all pressure on the wrists and hands .
 These are truly the best workout gloves I have ever worn . They last on average about 5 years if you lift 2x per week . They are amazingly comfortable and built for above average lifting duty . The wrist wraps are tight and offer excellent support . I 've been lifting for about 18 years and these are truly the best gloves I 've ever worn .
 These gloves help you lift the weight and not worry about the handle . Snug fit , I 'd recommend going one size higher than you normally would . I 've used them for about a month now and they 're by far the best gloves I 've used in the gym .
 This is the second pair of Valeo Ocelot Wrist Wraps that I 've owned . I was pleased enough with my first pair to purchase the same pair again.My first pair was well-worn - the stitching on one of the pinky fingers was coming undone and there was some chafing on the palms of the gloves . They lasted for a little over a year , with usage on average 3 times/week for 60-75 minutes per session . The gloves were primarily used with barbells and dumbbells at high weights.Pros
 My bf has been lifting weights for a long time , and for years he has used these gloves when he can find them . They always wear out eventually , as any weightlifting glove will , and he will then be searching sporting goods stores trying to find them . Sometimes he 'd buy medium , even though he really wears a large , because that 's all he could find . He was pretty happy when I found him the same glove on Amazon for a cheaper price and in every size , even though the first pair I ordered for him in a medium and then ended up keeping for myself because I liked them so much!A wrist wrap is very good to have for support with heavier weights , and the selection is not that great . This is a very good quality choice that is adjustable on the wrist and somewhat forgiving in size on your hand.I ca n't help but wish they had a little bit of terry cloth or something on the outside of the thumb to wipe off sweat or snot or whatever you 're trying to wipe , like cycling gloves have , but I 've never seen that in any weightlifting glove .
 These gloves are great . They have a lot of cushion on the palms . I am a young body builder and these gloves are great for heavy lifting . The wrist straps come in handy as well . Ronnie Coleman uses them so they have to be good right haha . Great product .
 These gloves are of amazing quality and really work great ! The actual material is very , very comfortable and the fit on the gloves is great -LRB- I would recommend buying a size larger ; I have medium sized hands and the large fits me snugly . -RRB- They are very durable and do not damage easily , and the material is very strong . You feel as if you have a pillow on your hands -- that 's how soft it is when you 're lifting . A great buy ; definitely worth the cost .
 These are men gloves but as a woman I still want the support for my hands and wrist when I lift weights . I like the padding and the support ; I 've used this brand and style for about 8 years .
 I lift quite heavy so I go through weightlifting gloves rather quickly . I like these because they 're very comfortable and have adequate padding ; but the stitching is really awful , they usually fall apart after a little over two months . I 've gone through several pairs of these now .
 These gloves just may be the best weightlifting gloves on the market . the padding on the palms feel like memory foam . the wrist wraps give very good support . I will never buy a different brand
 These are excellent weight lifting gloves . I started out buying the cheap pairs from the local stores.They never held up that great , nor offered as much as the Valeo Ocelot glove does.One thing that did attract me to this glove was the wrist wrap . I feel this not only supports yourwrist a little bit , but also helps keep the glove in place slightly better.I have been using my pair of gloves for over a year now , basically at least 3-4 days a week for weightlifting.They are still in great shape , no rips or tears , and the padding is still good.Overall excellent , well made , good fitting gloves . I am sticking with these for good.I 'd like to also note my experience with the size fitting . I have probably medium sized hands.They are not large by any means . I wear the `` large '' size in this glove , and could n't imagine wearing anything smaller .
 These gloves are incredible if you have calluses . I 've went through 3 or 4 different gloves before finding these for my calluses and they all added minimum help in preventing them . These have nice thick leather on the palm side of your hand , and ever since wearing them , my calluses have healed and I have n't been getting any new ones . They look awesome too , my friends always joke with me that I have the most pro gloves out there.The wrist support was an added bonus . I did n't buy the glove because of them , but when I 'm doing the bench press , or shoulder press , or anything with large weights that can put a lot of stress on your wrist , these gloves allow the weight that you carry be limited by how much your muscles can hold rather than how much pain you can withstand in your wrists.All in all a great buy , and I will probably buy another pair in 3-4 months once the stitching completely tears off . -LRB- It has begun to tear off , but that has happenned with all gloves I wear , most likely due to the stress put on them when I lift , and I lift 5-6 days/week -RRB- .
 I have used many gloves through more than 40 years of training and I think the gloves are one of the best or the best I ever used , considering the following
 Very comfortable ; wrist support is a very nice feature ... as another reviewer mentioned - get one size up ... I 'm typically a medium - bought the large based on the review - and it fits perfectly . They look good - provide padding where you need it and for $ 15.37 , a great value ...
 I am very satisfied with this product , has good grip and soft while also preventing the dolls to coerce the bench press .
 These are well made padded gloves for lifting . I 've just been using them for a few weeks , but so far , so good . The extra wrist support is great for close grip benching -LRB- I used to have extra wrip wraps with my old gloves for additional wrist support -RRB- . However , with these gloves , I have plenty of support . I would gladly recommend these to anyone that does heavy lifiting .
 Would highly recommend these gloves . They 're comfortable , & can maintain a good grip when lifting heavy weights .
 These gloves are great as long as you know what to expect . This review is from someone who lifts upperbody with the gloves 3-4 times per week . I will try and go from best to worst in terms of performance.Real leather is a huge plus on these gloves and the grip is better than any synthetic i 've tried . hands down the best thing about these gloves is the wrist wrap . It definitely provides extra support when performing pushing motions such as bench press or arnold curls to keep your wrists locked in place . The wrist straps held out after everything else went . The vent in the back works surprisingly well , but the gloves will get wet and sweaty over time . The foam padding is good for a little over a month I think , during which it absorbs alot of shock . Afterwards they just kinda provide a buffer inbetween your hands and the weight that maybe helps u push a bit harder . The grip actually improves alittle bit overtime , but eventually wears out . I was satisfied with them for 4 months and stretched the use to 6 . After 3-4 months the finger seems came loose and they didnt fit as tight , but they were still useful and After 5 months the seems started to come out on the knuckles . At this point they are n't entirely useless . For instance they would be decent to use biking . Otherwise they need replacing to continue serious weight training . I was overall satisfied with their lifespan and the quality I got during which , so I decided to buy two more pairs .
 Works like a charm , supports the wrist . No complaints here , although the fingers slots do rise a little higher than normal , but does not affect the lift .
 Be aware - these are SNUG . I 'm 5 ' 10 , 173 lbs . with pretty small hands - the size L are snug on me , bordering on tight . I 'm sure they 'll break in , after lifting weights like a real man.They 're not as orange as they look - more like light brown/dark tan . Who cares , anyway ? These are for LIFTING WEIGHTS.Like a REAL MAN.Wrist support feels great , padding in palms seems good ... hey , I have an idea : STOP READING THIS AND GO LIFT WEIGHTS .
 Throw away your old or new training gloves and buy these today ! You wo n't regret it . I did n't . These things are extremely supportive , durable , and functional . Do n't waste money on crap that wo n't help you excel and buy these gloves right away .
 These gloves are best for heavy weight training . The leather no-nonsense design holds up for many more workouts than cheaper versions .
 It was the right size for my husband and now he is working out more since he recieved them and in it was on time .
 The gloves came fast but they look a little bit cheap in places where the leather is thin like the fingers but the gloves get the job done and its better than bare handed lifting weights
 I purchased these gloves as a gift for my grandson . He lifts weights as part of his athletic regimin . He loves them . Great gloves .
 I usually ordered the Go-Fit gloves , but they were no longer available . I took a shot on these and they seem to work almost as well , maybe not quite as sturdy . Time will tell .
 These gloves are exactly what I wanted . They have a palm pad that cushions the palms of your hands and do not wear out easily . When bench lifting or using other free-weights , the knurling on the bars have a tendency to chew up the palms of weight lifting gloves over time . I 've been lifting in gyms for the past 45 years , and to date , these are the most comfortable yet durable and well-made gloves that I 've owned . One caveat ... be careful on sizing . I have hands that are a little larger than normal and in regular-type gloves -LRB- not weight-lifting -RRB- , I have to get size XL for them to be comfortable , so I ordered XL in these . They run a little large and the XL 's are a bit too big for my hands . It would have been a better fit if I had ordered large instead , so keep that in mind.Overall , I 'm very pleased and when these eventually wear out , I 'll definitely order them again , just in a large size instead of XL .
 I have used these gloves for roughly 6-7 years , and they are the only pair of gloves I 'll use . I have tried multiple different pairs of Harbinger gloves , and none have pleased me as these gloves have . Many of the free weights at my house are 10 years old or older , with signs of aging and rust , these gloves hold together fine and protect my hands greatly from what are in all honesty some pretty nasty free weights . The fit and comfort are great , and they hold together under tough conditions while playing with raw aged iron ; while the protective foam in the palm provides tons of grip comfort . Even after much use my gloves are not falling apart at the seams like so many of these reviews on amazon imply . At half the cost , or in many cases less than half the price of the competitors ; if you like to use gloves while you lift weights or think you might , these would be my top pick hands down .
 I 'm a gym rat spending many hours of my life there but I love it . Understandably the gloves show this mostly at the end of the finger and thumbs . Other than that they are holding up nicely . The wrist support is OK but not as good as I had hoped . These wrist bands tend to slip down frequently and always need adjustment which is fine with me . It gives me something to do while recovering from my last set and preparing for the next .
 These gloves are really nice , they are padded in all the right places , plus provide support for power cleans and presses . I am slightly small in stature , 5 ' 3 &#34; , 103 pounds , so the gloves would fit better if an extra small size was available . The fingers could be a little longer , above the knuckle , to prevent chafing from the knurling when doing curls .
 this is indeeded a great pair of lifting gloves
 This is one of the BEST weightlifting gloves that I have found so far !! I like it so much , that I 've bought a few pairs . These have very supportive wrist wraps that are adjustable to secure your wrist during lifting - to help prevent injury . The rest of the glove is terrific . It is thicker around the palm and fingers , so it provides EXCELLENT cushioning for those heavy lifts . I have not had one blister , or redness since I 've started using these gloves , and I 've been using them for over a year now . They are extremely comfortable . After a year of use , my gloves are still in perfect condition too . I 've tried other brands , and the others tend to have thinner material around the palm and fingers , and this causes redness and blisters , so what 's the use of using them ? On the other hand , this Valeo Ocelot Wrist Wrap Weightlifting glove is perfect in every way !! Has support , comfort , and it looks great . I have the orange pair -LRB- GLOW -RRB- , and I get lots of compliments at the gym too about how great they look . Well worth every penny . Way to go Valeo !!
 I initially bought the Gold 's Gym wrist wrap gloves at a local store and though it provided good wrist support -LRB- I have tendonitis in my wrist -RRB- , the palmar aspect of the gloves provided no protection against friction and subsequent callous formation . I saw the great reviews on this item and took a leap of faith and bought this pair online . I did buy one size larger as was recommended by other users.I am very satisfied by both the wrist support it provides and the cushioning that protects my hands . No more callous formation or painful friction when I lift . Would highly recommend these gloves .
 I was surprised to find that I should have ordered large . Medium were a little tight , and that 's my normal size . That 's the risk you always take with online shopping , though , so no complaints . Excellent quality . Perfect amount of padding , exactly what I was looking for .
 These gloves proved to be exactly what I was looking for . Great training aid for weightlifting , sturdy , machine washable and fit perfectly .
 The Valeo Ocelot Wrist Wrap Lifting Gloves are GREAT ! They have wonderful wrist support and they open up with a velcro wrap to make them easy on and easy off . And ... one of the best features is , they are WASHABLE ! Many leather gloves are NOT and after several months use , begin to smell , less than good . The size runs TRUE . I am 6 ' at 208 lbs and a LARGE fits perfectly .
 Gloves shipped quickly and are as described . They are an asset when lifting weights . They are soft and provide good padding . I ordered a size larger -LRB- XL -RRB- than the chart suggested and they fit correctly . Overall a great product .
 It has been 2 1/2 years that I 've owned my first pair of Ocelot gloves . They 've finally served their purpose . The sporting goods store that I purchased my first pair from no longer exists . Nobody had them and so I decided to buy another brand . And it was a terrible choice and a terrible waste of money ! Without going into specifics , the new pair of Harbinger gloves made me realize how GREAT the Ocelot gloves really are ! Not only did the Harbinger gloves hurt my hand -LRB- it was the right size -RRB- but I might as well not have worn gloves at all . The Harbinger gloves made me wonder if the designers knew anything about the human hand at all.The description of these gloves here on Amazon , and the descriptioins by the reviewers are completely correct . The palm is FULLY padded , no blisters . This glove does n't restrict hand movement in anyway , while giving them , and the wrist , a great amount of stability . It has complete comfort . And I think they look great , although that is a decision for each individual buyer to make . I have absolutely no complaints about this product . It was the most expensive glove at the sporting goods store , but what does it matter when they last for over two years ?
 These are probably the best gloves I have ever had . The foam padding in seriously amazing , plus they are very comfortable and seem to be pretty durable so far . I would definately recommend these gloves to anyone who is serious about working out .
 I am a very active 53 year old female and part of my fitness regime is lifting weights 3 times a week . I have a couple of issues with my wrists and thumbs and wanted some kind of security around them when I lift . Not that I lift massive amounts of weight but I like to go heavier over periods of time and was finding it quite painful and difficult . These help my hands feel more sturdy . I found these Valeo Ocelot gloves on Amazon and was happy to see that they come with an option of up to the wrist as well as wrapping around the wrist ; the latter of which I chose . They fit as expected . I figure my hands are medium size , so that 's what I ordered . The only complaint is that the wrist part of it is extremely tight -LRB- feels like it cuts off my hand circulation a bit -RRB- I 'm not sure if it 's my already painful wrists or if the wrap part is just not as roomy as it could be . Although , because I like the rest of the fit ; the soft leather , the padding on the palm and the length of the finger covers , I am going to see if I can add some Velcro to the wrap to lengthen them a bit . Nice quality and the price is reasonable considering . I highly recommend them if you lift .
 These are the 2nd pair of the same gloves that I have owned , as I wore the other gloves down to shreds -LRB- literally -RRB- . These are the best for grip & wrist support , are bright in color and hard to lose , and cushion heavier weights against the palms . I swear by these gloves and use them each and every single day that I 'm in the gym.YOU CAN NOT LOSE WITH THESE BABIES ! GREAT GLOVES !! 5-STARS !!!!!
 I had been searching for a glove with padded palms and fingers for the purpose of doing pull-ups . I just started a Crossfit Class , and pull-ups are almost a daily part of the class . I 'm new to pull-ups , so the skin on my hands have really taken a beating . Blisters to callouses -- does n't make for very `` lady '' like hands.I 'm so glad to have found these for a reasonable price . They are nicely padded on the palms and the finger padding also extends up midway up your fingers -LRB- a prime spot for callouses due to pull ups -RRB- . I 'll have to rough them up a bit so I do n't slip off the bar , but still a huge improvement and at least I will be able to focus on my upper body strength , instead of my hand pain.The only reason I 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 , is due to the poor ventilation in the glove . They need some perforation or something on the palm . My hands got so hot and balmy . Also , highly recommend washing before wear . The orange dye , dyed my hands . Looked like a bad self tan application . ; -RRB-
 I first bought these gloves over a year ago and I have been extremely happy with them . I followed other reviewer 's recommendations and ordered a size up -LRB- XL for me -RRB- and it was the right choice . There is a little bit of wiggle room around the fingers but if I had gotten the Large size they would have been too tight . The padding that the gloves provide is great , and I really like the wrist support provided by the wrap . After more than a year of use the only significant wear on the gloves was a slight tear in the spandex on the left pinky finger , but otherwise the gloves were as good as new . I 've also washed them in the washer a few times and they 've held up well to that.Sadly I lost my first pair but after trying another brand and not liking the fit and support I went back and bought another pair of these . Highly recommended .
 awesome fitting gloves , could use a little more padding but outside a very good product for the price . Would recommend .
 This GLoves are the best I have used . I upped the weigths I was lifting in one night of wearing this gloves . Do n't have to deal with the torture of dealing with hand blisters when going heavy . If u 're a serious lifter , get one of this ! They run a tad smaller , so if in doubt go one sizr larger .
 Best weight lifting gloves I have ever ownedPROS : These are very tough glovesThey are comfortableTHey do n't disintegrate from sweat or from taking a beatingthey can be used as heavy bag training gloves in a pinchCONS : They need to be washed a lot to keep the smell down .
 Just try them on and you will see why they are getting such high marks . They `` fit like a glove '' . Most comfortable lifting gloves I have used . Perfect fit , flexible , supportive and well-padded .
 I have owned a lot of lifting gloves over the last 10 years and let me tell you these are by far the best I have ever owned . They 're amazingly comfortable and they give you a great grip . The wrist support is and ventilation are top notch . The threading work could use some improvements but overall that 's very minor issue . If you intend to hit the gym at least 3 times s week and do some heavy lifting get this pair . I 'm pretty sure you will not be disappointed .
 I bought these gloves for strength training , to replace a light-duty pair from Nike I 'd gotten in a sporting goods shop . The difference is impressive . The glove is well-padded yet flexible and fits my average sized hand perfectly . Most important is the wrist strap . You will hate it at first if it 's new to you , but the support is wonderful and will enable you to up your weights . You will wonder how you did without it . So good I 'm planning to buy another pair . Oh yes , even though leather , they are washable .
 My boyfriend was very thrilled with the gloves . I was very pleased with the outcome.I will definately continue shopping with amazon.Thanks guys .
 I love the slim fit and it is nice to have a thigh pocket without the cargo pocket bulk . The fabric is more substantial than many other hiking pants , but they seem very durable . I liked them so much I bought another pair in khaki .
 I know these parts are made for hiking but I bought these for my deployment in Afghanistan . I wear these during the harsh summer months -LRB- 130F -RRB- and I could n't ask for more out of a pair of pants . They are very durable , they stay dry no matter how much I sweat , they are not bulky , and they keep me cool . The material is lightweight but I dont feel over exposed when I wear them . I went up a size to make sure they were roomy and they are perfect . I get a lot of compliments since they are very feminine and are flattering on a womans body . All of the girls here have bought a pair at one time or another and they love them too . They are worth every penny and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I have tried alot of hoof conditioners and I keep coming back to this one . It really gets into the crevices and also smells great ! It 's guey so it sticks into the hoofs and really moisturizes and protects unlike those paint thinner-like hoof conditioners . best stuff ever !
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 This pump is as pictured , NOT as the `` Product Features '' list it . It does not have an Ergo T-handle with kraton padding nor the mounting options mentioned nor the pump peg hole in the handle.It is a 400 psi pump with unnumbered 10 psi tic marks on the gauge and numbered tic marks every 50 psi -LRB- 1 Bar increment tic marks included up to 28 bar -RRB- . The Product Features list should read as it does on the packaging : * No air leak valve release system * Swivel hose and pump head for easy attachment * Alloy barrel for smooth pumping action * Easy-Read industrial class gauge rated to 400 psi * Bleeder Valve for Fine-Tuning pressureAfter using this product I would say that it works great ; more so for its intended purpose of shock inflation than for tire inflation . It pumps up shocks with very little effort and the bleed valve helps to dial in exactly how much pressure you want . Granted , touching the bleed valve will dump 50 psi in an instant.Using it on tires with both Presta and Schrader valves is also possible , although inflating a completely flat tire might take a while , since this is a small pump . As mentioned in a previous review , Presta valves can be inflated by removing the `` No Leak Valve '' from the `` Pump Head '' and removing the metallic piece from inside , then reassembling the valve to the head . *** Pressure readings below approximately 30 psi are not available .
 As soon as I recieved the product , I tore it out of the package and put it to work on my bicycle suspension . Was relatively easy to pump until around the 250 psi range -LRB- which is above recommended for my suspension system anyways -RRB- . For what I paid for , I give this product two thumbs up . I have n't tried applying it to tires so I ca n't make any comment on that .
 I like your pump but I just wish the guage would read in 10 psi incurments .
 I use this pump for both Shraeder and Presta valves . To use it for pumping presta valves , simply unscrew the metal piece off and remove the inner metallic piece using anything thin . then you 're set . this is probably one of the only decent hand pumps out there with a gauge . highly recommend !
 This shock pump does everything I would expect . It seals well with the shock and does not bleed off a significant amount of air when being disconnected . All-in-all , it gets the job done . The price of this item is favorible to that of that of this items ' competitors that offer similar performance .
 This is a great pump for the price . Since you dont change your suspension PSI very often this is a great choice .
 Bought this pump a couple of weeks ago . It is my first shock pump and I was skeptical of the no bleed feature having never seen or used one before . It works exactly as they said it would . No air bleeds from the shock as you unscrew the pump from it.As you do remove the pump from the shock , if you get your ear as close to the valve as possible , you can hear a slight pffft as the valve is unscrewed but if you do screw it back on you can see from the gauge that the pressure in the shock is the same as before you started to removed the pump . Seems to indicate the no bleed feature works and the only thing I can conclude from the other reviews that say there is a bleed of air as the pump is removed is that they are somehow incorrectly attaching and removing the pump . It may be that they have inadvertently removed the no-bleed valve as it can be unscrewed from the pump.The one thing I had a little trouble with was the bleed button on the pump itself . Being left handed I hold the pump a little different than 75 percent of the population and it took me a minute or two to adjust the way I hold it so as to not accidentally touch that button and cause a bleed . So it goes , my fault for being left handed ...
 This is a basic suspension pump that works perfectly on my front fork and rear suspension.A + + for size , functionality , and weight , I 've made several rides forgetting to take out of my camel-bak ... super light .
 This is my first shock pump . I 've used it a few times so far and the pump works great . No problems , good price , came quick in the mail .
 Had this pump for over a year now , works great , does NOT lose pressure when disconnecting . The sound you hear when the pump was disconnected was the air in-between the hose , not coming out from your shocks.Easy to pump , easy to read precision gauge , small enough to carry in my backpack .
 The pump works well , bleeder valve is sensitive , but you can more finely adjust the pressure when inflating rather than trying to use the bleeder to get the right pressure . Pressure is maintained well when removing the pump , it does n't leak . I have heard a lot of people saying otherwise , but the air is leaking out of the pump chamber and not the shock itself . Also , you will lose some pressure when re-connecting the pump , so checking air pressure is n't as easy . However , as a shock pump , I recommend this pump , it is a great price and has n't given me any trouble .
 I got this pump for my Fox Float RP23 rear shock . Works like it 's supposed to . Got to 200 PSI very easily , the last 20 PSI was a workout . I was a little confused at first about the no leak valve and needed to use to pliers to separate the no leak valve from the pump head the first time I used it , however it does work like it 's supposed to . You can also pump bike tires with schrader valves but it takes forever , better off using a real floor pump . It 's a great pump for the price , especially compared to the Fox pump .
 The shock pump is amazing , light weight and recitative small in size . I have had no issues with the pressure reading being inaccurate . Even when a fellow biker ran it over -LRB- I guess to test the durability lol -RRB- with his 35 pound bike and weighing over 200 pounds . I have own this pump for 9 months and there 's been no issues with the connector valve connection to the shock . It does what it supposed to do ! The bleeder valve will let air out at a rapid rate if you hold it down . I rather have a pump bleed air like this then one taking its time . Im very picky have the right amount of air pressure before I go out riding . I would recommend the pump to anyone who has front shocks and or full suspension bike .
 Good shock pump . I have used this on average once a week since I bought it many months ago - once for each fork in front and one for rear suspension . It makes me a little nervous sometimes like it might fall apart , I think just because of the smaller amount of movement than a normal pump . But it has been durable and has done a great job for me !
 The description of the item is a bit inaccurate . It looks like on the photo , not like described . I bought mine yesterday at local R.E.I. store , and it worked great . It was simple to use and I was done with adjusting the pressure in few minutes . On my bike , I had to remove the wheel first due to the position of the valve on the shock -LRB- Cannondale 's Headshock , with valve which is likely impossible to access with any pump without taking the wheel off -RRB- . If I had `` classic '' type of suspension fork with more accessible valve location -LRB- i.e. not needing to remove the wheel first -RRB- , it would take only few seconds . Read the instructions so that you disconnect the valve correctly , to avoid loosing the pressure in the shock .
 Love everything to do with my Stott Pilates Reformer ... bought the Jump Board thru Amazon and it came in a timely fashion and in great shape ... as it is very heavy , I was pleased to see that it did n't get damaged in the shipping process .
 Hollywood Racks F4 Heavy Duty 4-Bike Trunk Mount RackOkay this was one amazing bike rack for us !! We were so worried after reading `` many '' other reviews on trunk bike racks -LRB- many which ended up breaking or losing ones bikes on the road or could n't handle road speeds and still seemed to cost a fortune -RRB- so we were about to give up all together and just rush and get a hitch when lucky for us we read about the Hollywood Rack F4 and all its good reviews ... we then decided we 'd give it a try for the price and hope for the best as we were really not wanting to pay for a full hitch hookup yet . So being very nervous we made the purchase on Amazon and got the rack in 2 days ! And let me tell you , we should `` not '' have worried , it was `` the '' best buy for the price . We not only gave this bike rack a solid test , but to be honest , we ran it through the ringer !!! We took this bike rack from Bellingham WA all the way to OR then up to the California Redwoods with twisty , potholed roads and high speeds with `` 4 '' yes I did say `` 4 '' ADULT mountain bikes strapped on the back and it never even faltered -LRB- over 14 hours of traveling time one way -RRB- ! We then proceeded to push it even further and decided to extend our trip and turn around and go back up to Crater Lake OR which was another 7.5 hours from where we were in CA ! Again twisty sometimes 70 mph roads with some nasty bumps and again it never showed signs of loosening , sliding , or even moving -LRB- and I was nervous and constantly looking back I can tell you -RRB- ! In fact this bike rack got almost 2 weeks of serious use and was taken off and on probably 6 times and again it held strong each time it was put back on ! For buyers who hope to have the same experience as us , I have 2 excellent tips and that is to make sure `` all '' straps are seriously tight like it says , and that you tie up all loose ends , and tip 2 , take a bungee cord and wrap all the tires together one time -LRB- after you have them on the rack -RRB- so they do n't spin while driving -LRB- This kept our bikes solid and non moving -RRB- -LRB- not even a tiny scuff from the rack or bikes was to be found -RRB- . We had `` plenty '' of room for 4 adult mountain bikes -LRB- we were driving an 07 Toyota Sienna Van -RRB- We simply would alternate each one so they were not all facing the same direction . Again , I can not stress how great this rack was , the first time putting it on with 4 adult bikes -LRB- reading directions very carefully , took about 20-25min -RRB- after that first time we were doing it in 10min -LRB- if that -RRB- tops ! Thanks to the maker ! If all your racks are made the same then I highly recommend this product !!
 We had a tough time finding a bumper mounted bike rack for 4 bikes that would be shipped to an FPO address . After reading tons of reviews on other bikes we went with this one even though it was a bit more expensive . It was worth every penny . It arrived promptly ... given that it had to go to Japan . It was easy to mount on our vehicle . It is incredibly sturdy and holds up to 150 pounds ... more than enough for our bikes . I also like that I can still open the back hatch on the car while the rack is one there ... I just need to retighten the straps . An excellent purchase worth every penny .
 Excellent product . We loaded up 4 bikes -LRB- one with a child seat -RRB- on our 2006 Nissan Quest and the rack held everything in place very well . I also like the included foam pads to prevent scratching and extra straps to tie up spinning wheels .
 I did a fair amount of research -LRB- mainly on Amazon -RRB- prior to purchasing these . I also called the folks at Hollywood in order to decide between the E3 and F4 . I was a bit concerned that the F4 was missing the craddles and might not work as well . In speaking w / the technician , he assured me that the `` bumps '' on the F4 work really well , which I found to be the case . -LRB- Note that the bumps are visible in at least one of the zoom-in pictures of the racks . They keep the bikes from sliding around on the support bars -RRB- . Note that the unit also holds 4 bikes instead of 3 , which is quite impressive . In fact , I do n't remember comming across any other strap-on bike racks that hold 4 bikes.I found the racks easy to configure . They mounted very snuggly on the back of our Mazda MPV minivan . I was able to get 2 adult bikes and 2 kids bikes on the racks . It did take some fooling around to get them all on there . I had to losen the handle bars on two bikes and rotate them 90 degrees relative to the front wheels.The only possible downside I can think of is that racks with individual craddles for each bike might have the advantage of keeping the bikes from touching each other . In mounting the 4 bikes on the F4 , I had them jammed pretty close together so they did touch . I did n't notice any visible damage to the bikes , but our bikes are older so I was n't that concerned . If I had a brand-new > $ 1000 bike , I would at least investigate whether the individuals craddles might do a better job of keeping my bike from banging into the other bikes on the rack.Overall I am very satisfied with this product .
 This is the first bike rack we 've owned and I do n't see why we would get another one anytime soon . It was very easy to unpack and setup ; probably 10 minutes the first time . Straps are easy to adjust ; it is very rugged ; folds flat for storage . It fit 3 bikes very easily , and a fourth was a tight fit but do-able . I would recommend the rack to anyone looking to avoid a hitch-based system , for an SUV or minivan . There were more expensive systems out there , but this one works fine for us . We did try a rack with rubberized clasps to hold the bikes , but did n't care for it at all , and returned it -LRB- local sporting goods store -RRB- . So this time we were looking for a simpler straight bar to hold the bikes .
 This bike rack worked exactly like I was expecting . It 's easy to install -LRB- just go to youtube they have a video that takes you step by step -RRB- , and sturdy . We put three kids ' bikes no problem ; I 'm sure we could 've managed to put the 4th bike . We have a Honda Odyssey and it fit perfect !!
 We purchased this bike rack because we were tired of cramming our daughters bikes into the back of the suv . It is very sturdy and easy to install . I am able to do it myself without my husbands help . It 's not to heavy or clumbsy . I have had up to three bikes on it and have had no problems . Well worth the money ... . glad I did n't buy one of the less expensive models .
 This is the first bike rack that I ever purchases and set-up . What I like about it is1 -RRB- the first installation of the rack on the car was a team effort , but after I did it once , I can easily do it on my own within five minutes2 -RRB- the rack is tough and holds the bikes secure3 -RRB- I can still open the trunk of my KIAThe only reason , why I did n't give five stars , that it 's a little tough to get a WSD on the rack and that I doubt that I would be able to get 4 bikes on it without removing the pedals.It 's still worth the money .
 This rack is a great rack . It was easy to install and I can take it off and put it back on my SUV with ease . The back hatch door will open with it on , so I do n't have to remove it to get in the back . I says the capacity is 4 bikes , but so far , I 've only had 2 on it . It supports the 2 with ease and is very sturdy . The only recommendation I would make is to use bungee cords instead of the supplied straps to secure the bikes .
 The -LRB- multiple version -RRB- directions that came with this thing were obviously written by -LRB- and for -RRB- someone who could assemble it with their eyes closed . They were n't written for the casual user . Fortunately I had been using a similarly designed bike rack and between that knowledge and the full color picture of the rack on the box I was able to figure it out . Four bikes are tight , but possible . I had to overlap pedals -LRB- through the spokes of other wheels -RRB- to make all 4 fit . It comes with one basic strap to hold the bikes on . I had to supply a few of my own bungee cords to make them really secure . Hatchback does open with just the rack on , but not with rack & bikes . Way too heavy . Plus I imagine it would damage the door when closing with all that weight on there.Overall a very good solid bike rack .
 We bought this rack for family vacations . Aside from the paint missing from where the small L-hooks met the hatch lid , it performed as expected . All four bikes were secure on the highway , town roads , and even dirt trails . At the price , this is a great buy .
 It 's easy to install , it does what it should.My only concern is that it could handle 3 bikes easily , but it seems like I need to remove pedal or use additional accessory to load 4th bike , like other users mentioned . That 's why I bought this one even though I just need carry 3 bikes .
 Just drove from Philly to North Carolina and back with this rack on our minivan - sturdy , strong and was able to hold 3 bikes for 8 hours each way without a worry . Only one paint chip and it 's in a place where nobody can see . All in all a good buy .
 Really concerned about the `` No fit '' warning that comes with this product . The warning names most mini-vans and SUVs that I can think of for supposedly not fitting , however , I have used the rack on my mini-van -LRB- one of the no fit vehicles named -RRB- and it works just fine . Other than that , it 's very sturdy and easy to use . I am very pleased with this product .
 The bike rack attaches easily to your vehicle and will take about twenty minutes . I used it to transport THREE bikes and it may be tight for a fourth . I was pleased with the ease of `` installation '' as well as the ease of removal and storage thereafter . Keep the box that it comes in since you can fold it up and use the original box for storage . This was the first bike rack I have ever used -LRB- and bought this one after extensive research here on Amazon -RRB- . I was lucky to get mine for less than $ 100 and note that it has since gone up a bit in price . Nonetheless , with appropriate installation -LRB- and DO glance at the directions -RRB- this proved to be a very sturdy and dependable rack . I felt very comfortable driving my SUV with the bikes on the rack . For three bikes , , , this IS the rack for you . Particularly if you will attach it to a SUV .
 I was informed by a Hollywood Racks customer service rep that if used on our 2009 Toyota Avalon to `` Assemble the rack in the short configuration , but the bikes will be leaning against one another , so please use some kind of padding between the bikes . '' I replied that if I had bought the rack then found that out I would be very upset . If you are considering this rack check with the Hollywood Racks web site and also ask customer service about the fit . The web site says it fits my car , but the site does not mention touching or padding . I did not buy this rack , but the rating is 4 stars because that is about the average review presently . There is no comment only option for a reviewer , so I had to use some kind of rating .
 I bought this for my honda pilot suv and it works great . Sturdy construction . Have only used it for 2 bikes so far .
 I was able to use this rack to mount 3 bikes on my Toyota Matrix and traveled more than 400 miles without a hitch . The trick is to make sure all 6 anchor ropes were tightened again after the bikes are mounted or the extra weight may shift the position of the rack . The only concern is how durable the ropes can last due to the high tension . Hopefully long enough .
 Hi there , The carrier is really sturdy and easy to install on our Benz station wagon and Dodge minivan . The manual is goofy because for what vehicle it works should be on the outside of the box and in the web site description and not inside the box . Otherwise I am really happy with it .
 I bought this bike rack for my Mazada MPV . I wanted to carry three bikes to my summer vacation/camping trips . I have used this rack one time to camping . It has worked adequately and handled three bikes -LRB- two adult size , one child -RRB- without any problem . The rack was secured and the bikers were stabled during my 40 miles drive to the campsite on easy to moderate terrain . I am not sure how it will fare if I have four adult size bikes on it . My main concern will be how 4 bikes can be positioned safely . The frame of the rack is steady enough for the wt of 4 . Anyway , I think for short to moderate distance trips , this rack is excellent bargain for its price .
 I bought the bike rack looking for something that would hold four adult bikes . I have two SUV 's one has the hitch the other one does not . It fits on my 2000 Explorer perfectly , now my 2008 Yukon because it has rear breaking red light on top of the rear door it 's surrounded by a plastic cover so it wo n't hold the weight . Open rear glass window and hook inside the edge of rear door leave window open and it will work fine just make sure that the straps are tight . Have not tried it on a car jet .
 This was my first experience with a bike rack and it was so easy to install and it definitely holds 4 bikes . I recommend this bike rack . It is a great product and is reasonably priced !
 We used this new rack on our family vacation last week . As advertised , it was easy to assemble and to hook onto my SUV . It held 4 adult sized bikes easily and once loaded and secured , the rack and bikes did n't move at all over the 4 hour ride . This item is well worth the money .
 Picked up the Hollywood F4 rack for a mountain biking excursion with my girlfriend and her two sons . The unit was quick to setup and handled the load with no problem on my Nissan X-Terra
 Accommodates 4 bikes -LRB- I 've only had 3 on , but 4 would fit -RRB- . I have used other racks in the past -LRB- yakima , etc. -RRB- & this one is by far the easiest to adjust . It is very easy to set up . We use it on our suv , but switching the settings for use on a sedan would only take a few minutes . The straps to attach it have rubberized hooks to keep from scratching the paint . At highway speeds -LRB- 80-ish -RRB- , the bikes never moved . The rack is very easy to take off & store inside the car while we were out riding & then put back on for the trip home . It also has a very slick `` thumb release '' that allows it to fold flat so I can just hang it on the wall in the garage . Very well thought out design makes this a strong , solid rack .
 I purchased this after reading the many reviews , both positive and negative . I have a 2001 Toyota Sienna and did n't want to spend the time or money to install a hitch just for a bike rack . This arrived and installed in minutes and is absolutely AMAZING ! I had all 4 bikes -LRB- 2 adults , 2 kids -RRB- attached in 10 minutes and they did n't move at all . I did n't use any extra straps or tie-downs , just what came in the box . The best part is I can open the hatchback without having to remove the bike rack . You would n't want to do this with the bikes attached as the weight would break the glass when you tried to close it . Even just the bike rack you have to be careful as it adds about 20-25 lbs . of weight coming down.One downside I noticed . The directions indicate there are 3 different positions for the bars that hold the bikes . However my rack only had one position that positions the bars exactly as pictured , straight out . This works perfect on a minivan or SUV but not sure how it would work on a regular car so I ca n't comment on that aspect.All in all , I 'm super satified and have already used it many times over in the first week !!!
 So far so good . I had a store bought brand a few years ago that was much smaller and never seemed to fit my truck.This new rack is compact and stores easy & handles well on my SUV . Saves me from getting a hitch installed .
 The rack is light enough for my mom and I to set up by ourselves . Quick and easy to install and remove on our 2005 Sienna . Salesperson said that it should fit 4 bikes and should be able to carry heavier cruiser bikes . But I did not try mounting the cruiser or 4 bikes because after mounting 3 adult mountain bikes , it seemed a bit heavy and did not have much room left . It should fit 4 bikes if you really try though . It did not make much noise during travel and it the bikes stayed nicely in place .
 First im hesitate to buy this at amazon ... Im choosing between saris bones rs 3 bike rack , but its a bit expensive . . so i decided to try this Hollywood racks f4 4 bike rack . . im very satisfied with the hollywood racks f-4 . . highly recommended . . its simple and strong . . all metal no plastic ... no complain . . if you have a small bike or girls bike ... still fit , ill just figure it out . . and it fits ... ill buy this hollywood racks f-4 again ... Buy it ...
 This is a great product . Very sturdy and well put together . We used it to for a family vacation and did have to worry about our bikes at all . One think you need to do is make sure it will fit on your car model otherwise I would definately recommend it .
 This is a sturdy bike rack . You should feel safe . However I doubt it can fit four bicycles as it claims since I really have a hard time to put even three bikes . Before you purchase this rack , you also should know that this rack only comes with one strap for fastening the bike . If you plan to put more bicycles on it , you need to buy extra straps .
 Bot this to use on my SUV and van . It fits , it works , it 's a good price ; so , I reccomend it . I 've used it and there 's been no damage to the bikes or cars . My only complaint thus far is that while the advertising and photo on the box claims the rack if fine for van 's and SUV 's , the literature then claims `` but '' some SUV & van door 's and bumpers are n't strong enough so use at your own risk . Miffed , I called and they said it 's OK to use , but the literature was a direct contradiction and I thought I 'd been had . The CS was fine . I 've only used it to carry 3 adult bikes , and while rated for four , I think that 's a stretch and may rip your door or bumper off . I think 150 pounds of bikes is the load limit .
 I read a lot of reviews on a lot of different bike racks . We drive a Honda Odyssey minivan so I was worried about purchasing a bike rack that did n't fit well on a minivan . The Hollywood Rack F4 not only fits well , but you do n't have to remove it to open the rear hatch . It took me a little bit to figure out how to assemble it when I first took it out of the package . It does n't clearly show you that there 's a couple bolts and nuts that have to be put on to complete the assembly . It does say that it comes pre-assembled , but you need to use the extra bolts and nuts that ships with it . However , once it 's assembled , it 's a breeze putting it back on . If there was one downside to it , the only one I see is the clamps that attach to the vehicle door and roof are metal and I worried that they may chip or wear away the paint on the vehicle . So far they have n't , but it would be better if there were a little foam inside them . We 've fit 3 bikes no problem , but have n't yet tried fitting 4 . One word of advice is when you get them on and strap them down with the provided strap , also bungie the wheels together so they do n't move or spin during travel.All in all , we really like this bike rack and would buy it again for our minivan .
 After doing a lot of research , we decided to buy this bike rack . It was easy to fit on our BMW X3 . We were a little anxious during our fist few visits and were worried if the buckles would turn loose . It turned out well and has been a good buy for us.The reason why I have not rated it 5 stars is because it has limited space for 4 bikes . It is a struggle to get 4 bikes on it . It is good when you have 3 or fewer bikes .
 Not difficult to place on back of SUV , took about 10-15 minutes . Price is exceptional for being able to hold -LRB- supposedly -RRB- 4 bikes . It is very sturdy . I appreciate all the straps -LRB- to keep tires from spinning -RRB- , etc. . Two issues I did have were
 This bike rack worked perfectly for my vacation . I was able to secure four bikes to my van with the weight of the bikes riding on the bumper instead of the back window , like other bike racks.The rack stayed very secure to the van and needed minor adjustments . At the end of the 1000 mile trip the rack performed better than I expected .
 Held three bikes , one adult 26 '' wheel and two 20 '' kids . Easy to set up . After to initial setup it only took a couple minutes to put HW rack on vehicle . It did fit our 2007 Toyota Sienna . On a 530 mile trip , none of the straps or bolts loosened . We used ratchet straps to hold the bikes in place as there were NOT SUFFICIENT STRAPS on the rack to stabilize the three bikes . We ratcheted from double pipe section of frame , through bikes then hooked to luggage rack on car . No shaking or vibrations.FYI , instructions said this rack will fit 2010 and earlier Siennas , but not 2011 .
 So I made this purchase with some trepidation , as I have had bad experiences with bike carriers before , and as a car renter , needed to buy a rack that would take 3-4 bikes -LRB- adults and kids -RRB- on a number of different car makes/models . This rack was phenomenal for me . OK , seems over the top ? Well , it did what the rack is supposed to do - hold the bikes , safely , on the back of the car , without falling off , scratching the car , etc. . Turns out , from my prior experiences , that this can be a lot to ask . I 've had the white knuckle experience of watching the bikes/rack sway on the back of the vehicle and needing to pull over several times to re-tighten in order to try and acquire some peace of mind . Not so with the Hollywood Rack . I used it in straight up and down setting on the back of a Honda Element -LRB- which is the position that makes me most nervous , as there is only the straps and the rear bumper to provide support -RRB- , and it worked very well.I would buy again in a heart beat , but because it 's so good , I wo n't have to !
 Great bike rack for the price ! Had a difficult time finding one that would work on our mini-van -LRB- Honda Odyssey -RRB- . This worked very well . No problems . Took an 8 hour drive and never had any problems while driving or setting up the rack . Would recommend .
 the kids are able to put it on the car and take it off by themselves -LRB- teens -RRB- so it is not only good quality and attractive on the car , but very user friendly
 You have to understand that we tried several options - Thule 3 bike racks while throwing the fourth one in the trunk , throwing 2 bikes in 2 different cars , and contemplated installing an expensive hitch in our car before I chanced upon this reason being that the bike shops -LRB- understandably -RRB- said that the 4-bike-trunk-mount-rack was an urban myth ! They told us that it was impossible for a car to handle that without sustaining damages.SO I bought this tentatively and knowing fully well that it said it didnt support my Santa Fe in the hopes that it will at least fit my husband 's Lexus.The verdict ? It took my husband 15 minutes to set it up in the Sante Fe and another 15 minutes to load up all 4 bikes comfortably , Of course during our maiden trip , we all kept looking back nervously but this thing is as sturdy as a rock!We have now taken it to 2 more bike trips , have joined a Bike club and are loving the outdoors.Moral of the story
 I have a minivan Honda Odissey 2000 , and I can say that this prodcut does the job pefectly ! , eventhough it specifies both at the company 's site and even on the product 's box that it will not fit this car model , I honestly do not understand why . The fit against the back door is perfect , and the side tensors will hold it right in place . You can even open the rear door without having to move it . And yes ... it can hold four mountain bikes without any problem , since the lower bar sits on the fender and hence no pressure against the rear windows is made . The bike holding bar is large enough to accomodate them all .
 I am so glad I found this item on Amazon . My 2002 Ford Expedition did not have a tow hitch and it was going to be too expensive to buy a hitch and a bike rack for the new bike I bought myself . But it fit . Make sure to check their website for the proper fit for your vehicle.It took me a awhile to adjust it to my car but once it was done you really do not need to do anything else . I was able to carry two adult bikes and 3 kids bikes with no problems.Yes , that is 5 bikes but the bars and straps are sturdy enough . It even came with a hazard flag so other cars see you are carrying a load.Great for around $ 100 bucks compared to the $ 500 I would have spent .
 While the box the rack came in was ripped open then taped together , there were no parts missing and rack rack was untouched . Upon reading the owners manuel , I discovered that rack was not compatible with my 2012 ford edge . However , I was willing to try it after I found 6 solid mounting points . After a test ride with our two adult mountain bikes , the rack did not budge an inch , and no risk of fanfare to my car was apparent . We then took our bikes on a 3 hour ride up to Maine with no problems and no worries . The rack was perfect .
 In this day and time , products rarely live up to what they claim to do . Well , the Hollywood Racks F4 Heavy Duty 4-Bike Trunk Mount Rack lives up to the hype . This bike rack fit like it was made for our Chevy Tahoe . It was so easy to use that I could n't believe it . After we had put it on the vehicle , I said `` Is that it '' ??? No problems during transport . Would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a bike rack .
 Bought this because to install a hitch would have hung to low on my van . Only had 3 bikes on it so far and it worked fine . retightened straps after putting bikes on it .
 I am very happy and satisfied with this rack . The rear crossbar on my Honda Pilot is a good place to hook up the upper straps -LRB- the Pilot 's spoiler on the rear door is made of plastic material -RRB- . It 's sturdy and good for a long drive although it looks tight for four adult bikes . I could also use it to hang my bikes in the garage during winter .
 This bike rack worked perfectly for my vacation . I was able to secure four bikes to my van with the weight of the bikes riding on the bumper instead of the back window , like other bike racks.The rack stayed very secure to the van and needed minor adjustments . At the end of the 1000 mile trip the rack performed better than I expected .
 We purchased the Hollywood F4 in anticipation of a bicycle trip in the Finger Lakes with two other friends so we needed to carry four bikes on the back of our Acura MDX . We purchased this rack after reading other reviews and checking with Hollywood 's site -LRB- a must -RRB- to assure compatibility with our vehicle . Like everything we get from Amazon it arrived on time . Setup was simple . The rack has a solid feel and inspires confidence . The first time we mounted all four bikes it took a little doing -- we finally realized that alternating high and low was the way to go -- with a little planning we could mount the second bike so the handlebars rested on the seat of the first bike , etc. . Also watch where the pedals are for easiest fit so the pedals do n't interfere with each other . Once we figured out the optimum positioning -LRB- you can take a picture with your cell phone camera for later reference -RRB- we could mount all four with room to spare . We used the extra strap lengths to secure the bikes and were always confident there would be no problems -- and there were n't any . This rack is a simple , well-designed piece of equipment that is reasonably priced and performs as advertised .
 My first bike rack purchase and it was the right choice it seems . The rack comes fully assembled and the installation is pretty intuitive . It easily holds 3 bikes securely , but have not done 4 yet -- but it appears it will w/o a problem . I bought it b/c of a good ratings from previous purchasers which I rely on to make my purchase decision and I wanted to make sure I contribute it so others will benefit . Bottom line , great product for a great price !
 Used the Rack a few times - on a Honda Pilot.Doing well so far.Instructions for instal were inadequate ... . but figured it out eventually . Even though Pilot is not on the recommended list of vehicles for this - I managed to set the hooks up under the rear brake light on the hatch.Comfortably holds 3 bikes ... . is a little squeeze for 4 though . Addl . straps to secure bikes would be helpful .
 Hauled four bikes -LRB- two adult and two kids -RRB- six hours from Chicago to the northwoods of WI . 65 + on the interstate . Some rough side roads . No problems at all . I recommend a couple extra straps to keep things still back there . Easy off and on too . Great purchase for the $ .
 We are a family of four with 2 sedans and this carrier easily adjusts to work on both vehicles . So far , we 've only carried 3 bikes on it -LRB- 2 adult , 1 child -RRB- as our 2nd child rides a trailer bike , and we can fold that down for the trunk . Once we graduate up to 4 bikes , -LRB- 2 adult , 2 child -RRB- I think they will all still fit on the carrier . One thing we 've noticed is that alternating the handle bars of each bike -LRB- 1st bike -- bars to left , 2nd bike -- bars to right , etc. -RRB- helps in being able to space the bikes closely together . We 've never felt like we were at risk of losing our load and the bikes are as tightly arranged when we arrive at our destination as they were when we departed -- no shifting around.All in all , this is a great , sturdy carrier for a super price !
 This bike rack has been great . It is very sturdy . The bikes do not move at all . It is easy to install and deinstall . I have used it 6 times since I bought it and am very happy with it . I borrowed other bike racks before I purchased this one and this bike rack is built way better . The only reason I did n't give a 5 star rating was because it would be really hard to fit 4 bikes unless some tires come off . I find it perfect for 3 .
 Just purchased and used this rack for the first time . This rack was really easy to set up and install on my SUV . I was actually surprised at how easy it went on requiring about 10 minutes the first time and about 2 thereafter . The rack is very sturdy , although like other reviewers I was a little skeptical about the rack only having bumps to hold the bikes . The bumps do keep the bikes from moving around . I agree with some of the other reviewers about the included straps . I found it much easier to just use some bungee cords to hold the bike the rack although the straps probably would work fine you only get one set .
 This rack has been a godsend . I 'm not a bike person -LRB- I 'd rather be running -RRB- , but running was n't cutting it for my dog . So I bought a bike.I 'm very impressed with this rack - so easy to install , and I feel safe that my bike is secure when I drive to a nice spot to bike with my dog.Highly recommend .
 We needed this bike rack because if you read the specs on most others , the weight limit is around 105 lbs on most . We have 3 adult bikes weighing 115 lbs all together and this was the only rack we could find to handle them with a capacity of 150 lbs . It is very sturdy and easy to use . I would have given it 5 stars but it does n't fit our 09 Camry SE very well . I need to prop up the top supports with a piece of foam or else it would touch the spoiler . Also , in the fitting guide it says it fits the Camry but then if you read the tiny footnotes it says `` not recommended '' . Why even say it fits then ? Also , it does n't have cradles to hold the frames , but the bikes seem to stay in place during the drive . All in all we 're happy with it and would recommend it .
 as soon as we got it I pulled it out of the box and installed it on my Jeep Cherokee . Hardly even needed the instructions , very easy .
 Great product . Stable , sturdy , and easy to use . Holds two adult-sized bikes with plenty of room for two more . Works well on our minivan hatchback . My only complaint is that there is a lot of straps and sometimes they get tangled . They also take a long time to tie down your bikes . However , for this price , I do n't mind putting in a little extra time to secure down my bikes .
 I have a 2005 Hyundai Elentra and it fits and works great . I have an extra large bicycle since I am 6 ' 5 '' and it still fit on the rack and was well supported by the sturdy metal and design . 5 stars !
 This rack is pretty good , and well made . It easily holds three bikes , with room to spare for the fourth that it is designed for . All the materials are study , and the straps hold it to the car very securely . It uses six straps to hold it to the car instead of the usual 4 , so it seems even safer than most.I do n't like the way the bolts allow so much space between its parts , but as long as it stays on , that is n't a big complaint . Instead of the various parts of it being held firmly together by bolts , it is designed so the bolts get left very loose with space between the various parts of it . Other than looking poorly designed , it would seem that this design would put a lot of lateral strain on the bolts . They 've been making there racks like this for a while , so I 'm pretty confident that it is just a cosmetic issue , and the long bolts are high enough strength to deal with the load.If your car has a rear spoiler on the trunk , you may want to double check with the company before you buy this rack . I had to take the spoiler off my 2003 Prius , even though the manual says that this model would fit . I posted a bunch of pictures to show it in use on the 2003 Prius after I removed the spoiler . According to their fit guide , the F4 is supposed to fit on a 1997-2003 Prius , even with the spoiler .
 We purchased this bike rack to hold 4 adult bikes . The bikes fit great , and the rack was very sturdy on the back of our mini van . We would def recommend this bike rack .
 Bought this for a 2009 Landrover LR2 . It fit perfectly and was so easy to set up . Very sturdy too . However , I can only see fitting 2 bikes on there not 4 .
 We bought this bike rack to use on our Mazda MPV . We were really looking for a bike rack for a pop up trailer but those cost anywhere from $ 300 on up . We decided to see if any manufacturer made a trunk mount rack that could hold 4 adult bikes . We were so happy to find this unit ! We used it right away for a 600 mile round trip at highway speeds and the rack worked great . The straps never loosened and the bikes stayed in place beautifully . We ended up taking all the front tires off -LRB- they were the quick release kind -RRB- so it was so easy to just slip the bikes onto the rack . We highly recommend this rack!Just one note
 I think this is great !! i really did n't want to add a hitch to my hybrid . . not only the cost . . but it is just stupid since a hybrid ca n't pull anything . I was worried when i found this model if it would work . . but there were not alot of options . But i love it . . it is great . . fits perfect and is very steady . . i just think it is great that you do n't have to take it off to open the back . . you can just leave it on . . makes life much easier !! The directions are crap . . but it is pretty self explanitory . just put the hooks on and tighten the straps . . no problem . . and they give you extra straps for the bikes so you do n't have to worry about them moving around .
 It was a great addition to my reloading equiment that I already have I recieved it as a Christmas Present ...
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 I ordered this shirt for my son for his birthday . I was pleased with the timeliness of the shipping . My son loves the t-shirt . I am very pleased with the construction of the shirt . The material is heavy enough to withstand an 11-yr boy 's activities and seems it should last a while . It has also washed up very nicely too !
 My daughter loves this . It is probably the sturdiest piece of ballet clothing she has .
 I purchased this for my husband 's birthday to take camping this summer . It 's very sturdy , comfortable , and I love the reclining feature . The right side of the reclining mechanism is having a few problems ... not staying in place . But overall , this is a wonderful chair !
 Fit is generous , plenty long and washes well . It has been in the dryer and has kept shape and color .
 I gave this five stars for the simple fact light weight , soft , great color for big men !!! I love this product for big men
 I have a bunch of heavy weight Carhardt hoodies that I love , but paid a lot for . This is a great inexpensive lightweight option .
 I am very pleased with this hoodie . It has a very good feel . I wish I could find the same one in a royal blue .
 I finally found a sweatshirt long enough . The sweatshirt is made of excellent quality material . The neck hole is a little snug fitting over the head .
 really good sweater . . wished it could be a little thicker but still high quality for the price . would by again
 Get these for my tall big boy nephew . He loves them and is always happy to get one in the mail from his loving aunt . The shipper is honorable and the product ca n't be beat for the price . We are pleased .
 I purchased these for my husband and grandmother , strangely enough , in cardinal blue and black.These are large and roomy . My husband is wearing his on the treadmill . The weight really helps keep him warm while he is working out which is crucial . My grandmother was chilled in the nursing home because she does n't move around as much as she used to . Two people are now warm and comfy.The cardinal blue is a very pretty color .
 Finally a great quality hooded sweatshirt in 6x for under $ 60 . Love the fleece lining and fit . Perfect . Back ordering more .
 I was looking all over town for sweatshirts and hooded pullovers and them it dawned on me order from amazon -LRB- since I get dvds and everything elsefrom here -RRB- really fast and no charge for shipping and handling.I love it
 Just like other Russell products . My husband is over 400 lbs. , and tall . Not all tall clothing is as long in their tops as Russell is . Of course this is not a zip-up . A pull-over is not supposed to zip up . It is not a heavyweight , but both my husband and I like them . In fact I came back to this site to buy some more . In tops for my big and tall husband , we only want Russell .
 I bought a size larger then my boyfriend normally wears , and it was still a little snug on him . Material does n't have much give in it.Very thick and heavy . A very durable hoodie.Disappointed in their sizing but good pricing .
 I bought one of these for my son in Heather Grey , but when I received it I realized I ordered it too small and it just happened to fit me ! :-RRB- It is extremely soft on the inside and keeps me very warm . Plus having the pocket on the front keeps your hands toasty too . A great price on Russell Athletic and worth every penny !
 so the other i was using my binoculars from my balcony ... when i saw this hot young lady ... had to be 18 ... or 19 ... real hot ... and i was like damn ... i should stalk her ... so i set out on an adventure ... the first two days she seemed to notice me creeping about ... so i decided to get some rayban sunglasses ... and a hat ... which helped ... but made it hard to see at night ... i was at a tough point in my life for awhile there ... until i saw this show on lifetime ... where this guy was using dark clothing to hide in the woods from the ladys ... so i hopped onto amazon ... quickly typed in black clothing ... skimmed passed all the racist stuff that comes up when you type in the word black ... then found me a kick ass hoodie ... 2 days later ... she ended up in my basement ... am i talking about the just then ... hhhmmmm who knowsi am pretty sure this hoodie comes rape certified ... but if it does n't ... i guarantee you it will make things a lot less Challenging ... when you are on the prowl ... no fat disgusting pervert should leave home with out ... thanks Russell athletic for my easy catchtheres nothing better than camo ... except for ether
 My son really likes this hoodie . The service was great . Came quicker than said . It 's not his absolute favorite . However , I did n't pay as much for this as his favorite . I am buying him another one .
 Nice and big like I wanted , Very Comfortable and priced very reasonable when compared to other products in some of the specialty stores . Would most certainly order again ! High Quality like one would associate with the Russell Name !
 Bought this sweatshirt for my son for Christmas and the fit and the feel are everything he was looking for . Would recommend this product to anyone who likes the perfect fit and feel .
 my son LOVES this . He is 6 ' 4 &#34; and overweight , and this is one of the few brands that makes a ` real ' 2LXT ` Thanks !
 I love the slim fit and it is nice to have a thigh pocket without the cargo pocket bulk . The fabric is more substantial than many other hiking pants , but they seem very durable . I liked them so much I bought another pair in khaki .
 I know these parts are made for hiking but I bought these for my deployment in Afghanistan . I wear these during the harsh summer months -LRB- 130F -RRB- and I could n't ask for more out of a pair of pants . They are very durable , they stay dry no matter how much I sweat , they are not bulky , and they keep me cool . The material is lightweight but I dont feel over exposed when I wear them . I went up a size to make sure they were roomy and they are perfect . I get a lot of compliments since they are very feminine and are flattering on a womans body . All of the girls here have bought a pair at one time or another and they love them too . They are worth every penny and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I love the slim fit and it is nice to have a thigh pocket without the cargo pocket bulk . The fabric is more substantial than many other hiking pants , but they seem very durable . I liked them so much I bought another pair in khaki .
 I know these parts are made for hiking but I bought these for my deployment in Afghanistan . I wear these during the harsh summer months -LRB- 130F -RRB- and I could n't ask for more out of a pair of pants . They are very durable , they stay dry no matter how much I sweat , they are not bulky , and they keep me cool . The material is lightweight but I dont feel over exposed when I wear them . I went up a size to make sure they were roomy and they are perfect . I get a lot of compliments since they are very feminine and are flattering on a womans body . All of the girls here have bought a pair at one time or another and they love them too . They are worth every penny and I would recommend them to anyone .
 This was a gift for my 4 year old nephew ; and it was a touchdown ! He asked me for a Redskins jersey a month earlier . I found this uniform instead . The quality is high and it looks very `` official '' . It comes with shoulder pad inserts and iron-on numbers 0 - 9 , so the wearer can choose their favorite players number . The best part was his father purchased a Dallas Cowboy 's uniform that did not have the shoulder pads inserts and the shirt was more like a t-shirt than a jersey ... and it cost his dad more ! Great value for the price !
 My 4-year old son is a huge football fan ... specifically of the Redskins . He wanted to be a `` Redskins Boy '' for Halloween , so we searched high and low for a costume for him . This was , far and away , the greatest and most authentic costume for a boy his age . He paired it with some white soccer socks , regular cleats . and a football . The shoulder pads are included and are plastic inserts . Those are n't great and were apparently not so comfortable , but they look good . I folded up washcloths and put them in the pockets meant to hold the plastic inserts and it still looked great and stayed comfy for my son.The jersey looked different than the one in the picture . The one that came looked more authentic and had iron-on transfers to add a number to the back.I would absolutely buy this again . He wears it around the house all the time and I would venture to say that we have gotten our money 's worth out of it .
 We performed our yearly engine maintenance for the first time ourselves this year . We use our boat constantly from spring through fall on the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland and the annual cost was high enough that we ordered the parts and put in the time . The manual was extremely helpful and gave step-by-step instructions for everything we needed to do . We are pleased that we purchased the manual for our annual maintenance needs as well as other problems that may arise . Certainly for large engine repair work we will still take it to a certified mechanic , but it has been a great reference !
 The price was good and this manual covers everything i needed . I searched for others but this is what worked for me .
 I ordered this manual for a 59 ci Merc . It seems like it is going to give me the reference points that I need to move forward , but the manual does cover a lot of ground because it is for all two stroke motors . Either way , it looks like it will get me what I need .
 A boaters `` must have '' ! This is a great book to have around on your boat for any type of motor questions you have.Recommended !
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 we love the helmet , it was a gift for my son for christmas . I thought he could wear it but could not . It is a great collectable for the price .
 If anyone has intentions on displying their team pride at home or the office , an NFL team helmet is definitely the way to start .
 Quality socks at a good price . The coolmax works , and I like the cushioning as well as the low profile seams on the toe .
 I love these socks , after a run , my feet are dry , and I have not gotten any blisters from them . Excellent product !
 Well , the sheath was the biggest dissappointment for this sword . It just does n't seem to be made for the sword . The sword rattles back and forth inside the sheath when shook , and the leather straps never really seem to wan na stay on , unless they are in use , -LRB- i.e. , if the sword is strapped to your back -RRB- . Also , the blade itself is of low-quality steel , if you hold the sword with one hand and slap the middle of the blade with your palm , it wobbles back and forth very easily . The lightening cutouts on the blade are done with mediocre precision and the sword itself is relatively well balanced . The wrappings on the tsuka came off the night I got it . Also , the sword is n't any `` kind '' of sword . It 's double-bladed and the tsuba is n't square , so its not a ninja sword , but the blade is n't curved , so it 's not a katana . It 's just a generic sword design . There are better swords on this site for just dollars more than this . I recommend the Last Samurai movie replica katana . I 've changed this review since i first got the sword , so I 'm knocking it down from 4 stars , to 3 .
 The sword is extremely lightweight . It is very easy to use and is aesthetically pleasing to the eye . I absolutely love it . there is nothing bad to say about it
 This is a great battle-ready sword . Well-balanced , sturdy , sharp ... comes with a great leather sheath . It feels great in one hand . Light enough to swing around , heavy enough to cut into someone .
 it is AWESOME I love it more than the first guy , cause he gave it 4 stars ... but still had nothing bad to say about it .
 My daughter loves this . It is probably the sturdiest piece of ballet clothing she has .
 I gave this rack a nice hard test in the Nevada desert . 50 miles of bumpy gravel shook things slightly loose . I re-torqued the main bolt -LRB- that snugs it against the hitch -RRB- and it never moved again . On every subsequent check , everything was always firmly in place . Looking in my rearview mirror , I could see the whole thing wiggle briefly after hitting certain bumps . But things would never flop all over , the way I would fear would happen with some of the flimsier systems . I began the trip using extra rubber straps for redundancy - I eventually deemed that to be unnecessary.If you are going to be doing much of your bike transport over dirt roads , I might recommend a rooftop system , both for structural reasons and to keep your bikes out out of the dust eddy . But for mostly street and highway use , this rack is terrific ! Out of everything I looked at , for my purposes , I feel this rack achieves the best balance of sturdiness and affordability.PROS : - Very convenient to load & unload bikes . - No perceptible aerodynamic drag . -LRB- Got my best MPGs ever ! -RRB- - Sufficiently sturdy . -LRB- Nice and solid on my 2 '' hitch . -RRB- - Can still deploy the tailgate on my Tacoma truck without folding back the vertical post!CONS : - Off pavement at length , the bikes will get completely coated in dirt . - Fold-up wheel tray rails may not be best for prolonged use over rough terrain .
 Nice product . Poor instructions . Box included extra parts and parts that are not shown or listed on instructions .
 Read instructions and check for all parts listed . Assembly is simple with a few small tools . I 'm using the Rack to carry one bicycle and it is very solid and stable . Easy to get the bike on and off . Excellent folding lock system . Free shipping .
 This bike rack is just right for us . I can put it on our Prius and have our bikes ready to go in about ten minutes .
 This rack is a very nice , well built rack and works as advertised ! I did not give it 5 stars because I did n't realize before I bought it , that it CAN NOT be used behind a fifth-wheel or any trailer for that matter . That was the first thing printed in the installation instructions . I called the company and they said the bouncing of the trailer will crack the rack mount . This would not have been a deal breaker but it would have been nice to know this before buying as I had intended to mount this on a trailer . Hopefully this review will help someone else !
 i 've had this rack on my compact hatchback for a year , using on average a few times a week , and i 'm happy . the anti-wobble pin in the receiver does a great job , although only a small lock will fit in the hole provided . The thumbscrew that stabilizes the upright part of the rack is effective , but needs to be tightened often.i read a review about florida sun damaging the pads , so i made a nylon bag to cover the rack when not in use . this has worked well . the paint has held up against florida sun , only slightly faded where the bag didnt cover . the hardware is holding up well , including the plastic parts and handwheels . Nuts and bolts are only rusting where paint has worn off in logical places . i 've had road bikes , mtbs , and cruisers of all sizes with no problem . I wish there was more then a velcro strap on the wheels , but considering the secure design , they are just backups after all.getting two bikes on is a little awkward on my small car , but is doable . Hollywood recommends putting a single bike on the inside holder , but I never do due to convenience with no problem . on/off the car is very fast and easy . the rack is low , but i 've never scraped it on driveways or speedhumps . I am able to open my hatch without folding down the rack which was a pleasant surprise . The bike wobbles a bit while on dirt roads , but I expect that with this price point . This rack was a compromise from a $ 350 rack , and i am still happy with these small complaints . I am happy , and recommend this rack .
 The Hollywood Rack HR1000 has turned out to be an excellent and convenient rack for use with our Prius and Subaru Forrester . It is : - easy to attach and detach . - mounts very securely . - holds all types of bikes -- including those that can not be held by a top tube clamp like many high end bikes -LRB- because the tubing could be crushed -RRB- . - is easy to load and unload bikes . - is reasonably secured using a couple of padlocks -LRB- at least moderately secure -RRB- . - keeps bikes away from car to prevent scratches.The clamp that secures the top part of the bike to the rack can be secured with padlocks but it can be difficult to find padlocks that work with it -- they need 1/4 '' shanks and have enough clearance to engage . The best padlocks I was able to find that worked with the rack were the Master Lock 643D Combination Lock , 1-9/16 - Inch -LSB- ... -RSB- -- medium/low security padlocks -- enough to prevent casual theft but not block someone with good bolt cutters .
 I 've had my Hollywood rack for over a year now and it 's held up wonderfully . I 've got it attached with a Draw-Tite Class 1 Hitch with a 1.25 '' receiver . I used to have a folding Thule Roadway 2-bike hitch rack where the bike would be strapped on via the top tube . The Thule worked but it was always troublesome to get 2 bikes on without scratching each other . When I saw this Hollywood rack go on sale at Amazon , I jumped at the chance to try a wheel based rack and I 'm glad I did -LRB- would 've gone for either the Thule/Yakima wheel based racks if they were n't twice the cost -RRB- . Driven multiple hundred mile trips with 2 bikes on the back with this rack with no issues .
 Just used it this past weekend . Worked great . Bike stays stable , even at reasonably high freeway speeds . It 's good if you place the bike 's center of gravity over the centerline of the rack , so it 's balanced on the rack.I would have given 5 stars , but I was missing a few parts in the box . An e-mail to Hollywood racks took care of that . Replacement parts were received in the mail within a week .
 I own a recumbent bike which is the specific reason I chose this carrier . It 's easy to assemble easy to attach to the car , the anti-rattle bolt is a nice touch . It 's also relatively easy to put bikes on it . My recumbent is a short wheel base , but this rack should take up to 60 '' or so without trouble . With 2 bikes on , it does wobble some going over bumps , it makes me worry but it always looks great when I get to my trail and get out to check it.My only serious detractor is one of the safety cables that keeps the pins with the rack was cut from the factory and the shipping carton was in extremely rough shape .
 Very sturdy - bolt tightens rack to hitch so there is no movement . Easily adjusted and quick to load/unload . Worth every penny . I also have a 1.25 in hitch -LRB- not from U-Haul -RRB- with the tab mentioned in another review that prevents the rack from aligning with the hole in the hitch . Luckily I bought at a local bike shop . They had seen the problem before , but were able to cut a half inch off the end of the rack which was enough for it to slide into the hitch and align with the hole .
 I purchased the 2-Bike Platform Style Hitch Mount Rack and it works great.Since this rack holds the bikes by the wheels vs. the cross bar , it will hold just about any bike without modification or the need to purchase an extra cross-bar frame adaptor.The packaging was excellent and it arrived in a few days directly from Amazon with no damage . The free shipping is nice too.All the parts appear to be of excellent quality and finish . Assembly was straight forward and only took about 15 minutes from the time I unpacked everything until I was able to mount my two bikes on the rack.Assembly was easy . The instructions have you mount the main section of the rack directly into the receiver hitch on your vehicle while you assemble the rest . The required alien wrenches come with it and you will need to provide an adjustable wrench and a standard philips-head screwdriver to complete the assembly.The adjustments for the wheel holders and the hold down clamp were simple to adjust . Remember to un-velcro the wheel straps before setting your bikes in the wheel holders to make it easy to strap the wheels in place.Also adjust the wheel supports so that when your bike is supported by these , the center hold down clamp is positioned to clamp the cross-bar on your bike at the lowest point for secure mounting.If you are mounting a women 's bike with no cross-bar , place that on the rack to use the shorter of the two hold down clamps.The hold-down clamps are interchangeable on the main tower , so you can place either one to be mounted toward your vehicle or away , depending on how you want to mount your bikes.With the bikes off the rack , the unit will fold up to get out of the way or you can fold it down out of the way to give to access to the rear of your vehicle to load or unload items.I also purchased the Hollywood Locking Threaded Hitch Pin Bolt with Security Cable . The cable lock is about 9 ' long and fully coated to protect the finish of your bikes . This allows you to cable lock your bikes in place on the rack and can be used off the rack as well.The locking hitch pin secures the rack to your vehicle so no one walks with the rack.When purchased as a set , both are keyed the same and came with 4 keys.This rack also comes with an adaptor to allow it to mount into a 1-1/4 '' or 2 '' receiver hitch . I liked this feature as it allows me to easily mount it to any of my three vehicles which has a mix of receiver sizes.As others have stated , this rack can tend to rock some from side-to-side while driving . If you make sure the received hitch bolt is screwed in tightly it will greatly minimize any rocking action . If however you use a standard hitch pin to secure this rack , since you would need to use an undersized pin to bypass the threads , the rack will rock , but still be secure.I would highly recommend this rack to anyone .
 Recently purchased from Amazon.Easy to assemble and install , very stable and well made.Bikes are easy to load and unload.They thought of everything when designing this carrier including a locking pin to prevent wobble and sway.Would certainly recommend to anyone.Have had excelent service from Amazon on every item I have purchased . Thanks
 A parts dept employee at my Toyota dealer recommended this as the best rack for my RAV 4 . He was on the money . It is easy for a lady to manage and has what I consider the 2 most important features
 I bought this to carry mountain bikes to various tralis around my home . It is very easy to load the bikes and they are very secure in the carrier . While traveling on interstate highways or twisting mountain roads , I do not have to worry about the bikes moving a bit . with the ratcheting adjuster for the crossbar , I can load my wife 's bike without using the extra crossbar attachment required on many other carriers .
 Item was exactly as described . Checked out price at bike store and it was $ 299.00 without tax . Amazon price was $ 195 total with free shipping . Great Buy and very happy I check out Amazon !!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this rack for my old Landcruiser . First thing I noticed taking it out of the box was its construction - very solid and heavy . Assembly was quick and easy . Putting the bikes on the rack was easy . With one bike only on the outside hook , I am able to open my hatch without lowering the vertical post :-RRB- . Highly recommend ... especially when you can get it on sale as I did for less than eighty dollars !
 Bought this rack recently , assembled and used it last weekend . I have a Scion xB and had a Bones rack that just did n't feel secure . Got a trailer hitch installed at U-Haul and used this rack to take my bike to the dealer for service . Felt very secure all the way there and back home . Well worth the price . Have n't tried it with two bikes yet , but based on my experience thus far , I think it will work fine . It took me longer to assemble than a lot of folks with reviews , though - about three hours . I took my time , was very methodical - and I think you need to be . The instructions are ok , but there are a few things that take some study , so you do n't assemble them incorrectly . This seems to be a quality , well-built product that should have a long life .
 This bike rack is very sturdy and well made . It holds our bikes securely . It also folds up nicely so that you can store it in a small space . It is nice that the middle bar folds down when loading the bikes so that you do not have to lift them very high .
 My family is completely satisfied with the Hollywood Racks HR1000 Sports Rider 2-Bike Platform Style Hitch Mount Rack . It was easy to assemble , quick to mount and held our bicycles very securely . We especially like the fact that it has two different sized receivers as we have a 2 in . hitch on our camper and a 1.25 inch hitch on our van !
 I had searched a number of hitch mount racks and first purchased a Yakima highlight from rei . The rack was a disaster , built for three bikes but only holding two with great difficulty . It was also a struggle to get the bikes on and off . After reading countless reviews on countless sights , I decided to try the Hollywood HR 1000 . It 's been a pleasure so far . Easy on and off and I like that the rack is built to hover above the lower hitch mount providing extra clearance . The one downside is that you need to unbolt the rack every time you want to take it off -- not a long process , but a more efficient system would be helpful . All in all a very good buy , especially for the price .
 Used this bike rack for the first time two weeks ago . After an easy set up and adjustment to fit our bikes , we went to northern Minnesota to ride some trails with friends . The bikes traveled nicely with hardly a wiggle . The rack makes for very easy loading and unloading . I could n't be more pleased with my purchase . My friend was so impressed with it that he ordered one the following Monday . Shipping on this item only took two or three days . Very pleased *****
 Great rack ! My car was in a fender bender while this was on the car - saved my car from more serious damage , and the guy at the body shop bent it back well enough that I did n't need to buy a new one - a testament to its great quality !
 I saw this bike rack on a fellow bikers car and loved it 's ease of operation . I purchased and recieved my Hollywood Bike Rack HR1000 in great new condition . I set it up with the easy instructions and the rack works great with any type of bike - Great Product .
 Love it ... Well thought out design . Alot on the heavy side , but I guess that helps make it durable . If your in the market buy it wo n't be disappointed unless your into spending $ 400.00 for a MTB Hitch .
 We used the rack for a recumbent and a road bike . It was very easy to put on and fold up when the bikes were off . The directions were moderately clear . The directions include instructions for putting on the small wheel adjusters , but they were not included in the packing . I did n't need them , but this would be worth clarifying when making the purchase . Next is the highway test !
 We got this bike rack to haul our MTN bikes.The installation was a little problematic as the instruction had ZERO on how to position the wheel holders . It did have comments on how to adapt the holders for wheels smaller than 16 '' . I had to resort to looking at some not so clear photos to figure out the correct way to mount them.In use , the rack is solid , the bikes did n't bounce all over the place.I 'd recommend this rack but I 'd like to see clearer instructions .
 We purchased this particular rack because we now have two hybrid -LRB- optional electric-powered -RRB- bikes , which are heavier than the mountain bikes we previously owned . Our old rack would not have supported the new bikes properly ; we wanted something that would support the bikes horizontally and vertically . And this rack fills that need very well . It 's solid and well-made , assembles easily and comes apart just as easily to stow in the trunk when you 're out riding . -LRB- We called Hollywood 's customer service dept. before we ordered , to be sure that the rack would hold the weight of our new bikes . We were told that the center posts on older models of this rack were made of steel , but the newer ones are aluminum , and it was suggested that we get a reinforcement for the inside of the post . They sent us one @ no charge . If your bike weighs more than about 35 - 40 lbs. , a reinforcement for the center post is probably a good idea . -RRB-
 This rack is well-engineered and well-made . Mostly made from steel , it is somewhat heavy ... but still easily handled by one person.The steel gives it strength and rigidity of course.Bikes are held securely with virtually no chance of getting scratched or damaged.I am happy with my purchase and can definitely recommend it .
 This is a fantastic design for a bike rack ! No more worries about dangling bikes scratching my car or each other . No more worries about losing the rack or bikes as I 'm driving down the road . Overall product quality is excellent . No doubt that we will get years of utility and enjoyment from this rack.Also important is the security of the transport design of this rack for bikes . We 've invested in nice , quality rides and want to protect them during transport.We use this rack on our cars , which are small -LRB- Lexus IS 350 and Honda Accord -RRB- . Had to buy and install trailer hitches for both . The total investment was a bit large , but we will use this rack for a long time , so to us it is worth the money . If you already have a hitch , you 're in great shape.Finally , this was another great purchase experience with Amazon.com . Keep up the great work !
 We had a different rack where the bikes hung down and it was terrible ! This rack solved all our problems ... the bikes no longer rub together and they feel secure . It is easy to get them on and off . Great product !
 We bought a Hollywood trunk mount for our bikes only it was a hassle to use -LRB- we are both seniors -RRB- . This makes it so easy to load the bikes for a short trip to the bike trails -LRB- a dike around our lake -RRB- which is nearly a necessity as we have no area for biking aside from the streets and often have problems avoiding vehicles driven by people who do n't seem to think they should share the road or are simply not aware that we are on the road . This is a very stable device , but we carry tools to tighten as needed . In addition to the vertical hooks that secure the bikes , the wheel slots have velcro straps to run through the wheels . We also put a small lock on the bar that goes into the hitch to deter theft . It is totally adjustable for each bike . No crossbar needed to hold my &#34; girl &#34; bike . I am not very strong , but I have no problem loading and unloading my bike . When not holding bikes , we fold the horizontal wheel braces . The vertical bar can be lowered by removal of one toggle pin for trunk access and/or first bike placement .
 Stop looking ! For two hundred you will not find a better sturdier rack unless u buy a Thule which costs twice as much . Fits firmly in a 2 '' receiver . Bikes are separated and will not scratch each other while in transport . It is high off the ground and will not drag if ur car goes through a low spot . Easily adjustable to any size bikes . Best rack I 've owned ... period . just buy it !
 Delivery was quick and packaging of the bike rack was excellent . Assembly was easy . As long as bikes of different sizes go in the same place on the rack , mounting the bikes and using the rack is quick . The bikes and rack are not as stable as I would like , so I use a ratcheting strap to apply tension between the rack and the trailer hitch to keep it from swaying forward and backwards .
 I have had this rack on my SUV for a couple months now and I am still very happy with it.I prefer this platform style rack over the hanging style as I have a full-suspension mountain bike . As with most full-suspension mountain bikes mine does not fit into the clamps of a hanging style racks properly without a frame adapter . Also , in my opinion the typical hanging style rack will allow the bike to sway to much leading damage to the bike and even the hitch itself in extreme cases . With that in mind the price difference between platform and hanging was easy for me to justify.I think the design of the rack itself is very well thought out with solid construction and easy folding arms and center post that lock into position very securely . The top clamps slide down easily and hold surprisingly firmly while still being effortlessly released by pressing the levers . Installation and adjustment was fairly straightforward.My only problem with this rack stems from the fact that it was designed to ` fit ' both 1.25 '' and 2 '' hitch receivers . the rack itself features a 1.25 '' shaft with threaded bolt for a pin . A plastic sleeve is included to fit the stem into much larger 2 '' receivers . As one might expect my SUV has a 2 '' receiver . I believe this rack might have been a perfect fit if I had a smaller vehicle with a 1.25 '' hitch . However , the included sleeve is relatively soft and allows the rack to wiggle and bounce more than I would like , especially with a bike or two in tow -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . I get rather nervous thinking about the forces on the hitch and rack when I see it bounce after a bump in the road , but no ill effects so far and I am probably just being overly cautious . I originally considered having my own sleeve machined out of metal to make the connection more solid , but I have not found the motivation yet.Some claim to have issues with the bolt itself coming loose , but I tightened my an extra quarter turn or so with pliers after getting it finger tight and so far the lock washer has done it 's job keeping the bolt from rattling loose . Also , there is a cotter pin through the end of the bolt which should prevent it from falling out of the receiver should it ever work its way loose.A final annoyance is the fact that you must use a threaded bolt for the pin . If you are like me and would like to lock your fancy rack to your hitch receiver -LRB- and automobile frame -RRB- you will not be able to use the standard locking pins that can be purchased quite cheaply almost anywhere . That is , unless you drill out the threading and loose the extra wobble prevention it provides . Instead you will have to buy a specialty threaded locking pin which will be much more expensive and difficult to find . Hollywood provides one and it is n't hard to find online , but it is a bit annoying to have to go so far .
 Delivered quickly and packaged well . It was easy to put together and the rack works great ! We used it on our recent vacation and had to travel 650 + miles one way . The rack did a great job and the way the bike is secured made me feel even better . This one does n't allow the bike to move ... no tires turning as you go down the road !
 I recently decided that my rear hatch rack was too unstable and decided to take the plunge , get a hitch and a rack . Bought this at my local bike shop and put it on by myself in about 35 minutes . If I have anything to complain about , it is that the photos in the instructions are not very good and I 'm very picture oriented . Having said that , the only equipment that you need other than what is in the box is a small wrench and assembly is simple . A friend came right over and we took it out on the road . Very stable , easy to get out of the hitch and to fold up . Bikes stay easily in place . I 'm really happy with it .
 I have a PT Cruiser and own the 2-bike rack which is mounted on a trailer hitch . This rack is perfect for my car and my womens bike -LRB- no cross bar -RRB- . It is the easiest bike rack I have ever used . The bikes are very sturdy in transport . While the fold down feature is very easy and convenient to use , I find that without the bikes on the car if I keep the inside knob off and stored in the car , I can still open the trunk without using the fold down feature . Great for both ladies and mens frames . Fantastic product . Highly recommend . Not too difficult to assemble either .
 We have both mountain and road bikes . We also have two vehicles , one with a 1.25 '' receiver and one with a 2 '' receiver . In the past , the vehicle with the 1.25 '' receiver , a PT Cruiser , did n't carry our full suspension mountain bikes without a lot of fuss . The pickup with a 2 '' receiver was n't much better . With the Hollywood Rack we are able to easy load them on to either vehicle . We now have confidence that nothing will happen while in transport . The rack works equally well with our road bikes . The front wheel turning is now a thing of the past . The price seemed much better than a Yakima or Tule rack of similar style . Very happy with the rack .
 I found the Hollywood rack for 2 bikes to be more stable than any type of racks that you hang your bike on that I have tried . I had two ladies bikes on the rack and we did n't have to buy anything extra to secure them on the rack properly . You just ratchet down the security hooks and it has got them . The thumb screw that is used to make the rack even more stable is a good idea , but it does become loose from the slight vibration of the rack . Just to make sure that I did n't lose it , I checked it frequently when I stopped . If anyone has any ideas to keep this from happening , please share . The velcro straps are great ! They put that extra security on the tires . Another pro is that I could put the center post down and load and unload my camping gear out of my SUV . Overall , I am very pleased with this rack . I drove approx . 1000 miles and the bikes stayed very secure and in place . We did n't get a scratch on them , as they never touched .
 Works just like it should . Assembly was simple and it holds the bikes very tight . I did purchase some 3m reflective tape , so it is visible against my black trailblazer . You do n't need to spend the big bucks on other brands , this is all you need .
 I recently purchased the Hollywood HR100 2-bike rack and found it to be well engineered and well built . Assembly was easy , and it mounts to my 2 '' reciever solidly with the supplied bolt .
 I 've been extremely pleased with this rack . I use it on my Audi TT and it works great . It has a bolt that tightens on the hitch so it is very stable . Two bikes fit securely easily and securely . It is WAY better than the other type that has the plate on top that pinches the crossbar on the bike.I would highly recommend this product .
 Very quiet and stable , easy to use , but does n't have any security device
 Just got the racks . Easy to install . Hold bikes well . Now I also ordered hitch lock model LPCS-2 as suggested by Amazon -LRB- by two together -RRB- . However the hitch lock did n't work with this racks . You need model LHPTC hitch lock , which has a Threaded Hitch Pin Bolt . Do n't make the same mistake as I did . Amazon should NOT suggest the grouping which would lead to more returns .
 This bike carrier is great ! My husband and I recently purchased Electra Townie bikes . We purchased the Hollywood HR1000 carrier to transport them . We drive a 2002 Honda CRV with the spare on the back . We did not need to use a hitch extender with this rack . It is so easy to attach to the CRV . We are able to get the carrier and the bikes ready to go in less than 10 minutes . The carrier attaches to the receiving hitch securely . You do n't experience the wobble from the typical pin attachement . You wo n't be sorry you purchased this item !
 I decided to wait for a couple of tests before reviewing this rack . I 've owned it now for a month , during which I really put it through its paces . My main Mountain Bike trail is about 40 miles away from my house -LRB- south Florida has some good trails , but they are scattered !! -RRB- . I 've driven there and back twice now , with two bikes on the rack . Traveling at around 75mph the bikes sway a little bit , but nothing to be concerned with . I have seen bikes swaying on $ 400 Thule and Yakima racks too ! There is also a trail about 70 miles away , which involves more highway driving , after which you must drive on a terrible dirt farm access road . I was really surprised with how well the rack held up to this abuse . Considering my small car -LRB- Scion TC , 1.25 '' hitch -RRB- , I was driving very slowly , and the rack did sway a bit , but held on to the bikes like there was no tomorrow . As far as the weight of the bikes , we have two heavy bikes that we mostly use
 I researched bike racks wanting one that supported the tires along with the top frame . The Hollywood Rack was positively rated and what I wanted for a 780 mile trip with bikes on the back of my vehicle . The package came and was adequately banded with plastic strapping . The instructions were minimal but the pictures were good enough to allow proper assembly . The Rack has some great features in that it folds up with the pull of a couple of pins . It is heavy enough to give you confidence in its durability but light enough to let you pick it up off the back of the vehicle with both bikes still attached . You need to buy a piece of pipe insulation to put under the frame clamp to keep the arm from rubbing the paint on your bike frame . I also ran a ratchet strap from the truck bed down through the wheels to help support and stabilie the bikes as I was driving 390 miles one-way on our vacation . I also wrapped the bikes wheels with a piece of foam insulation to keep from rubbing the tires . Worked great and was worryfree for the 7 hour drive .
 This actually works great for our use . We could n't be happier . The bikes are very secure and easy to orperate . The price was reasonable . We are very pleased . Thank You
 Rack is engineered well , solidly built , easy to use , and flexible - allowing use with a variety of bikes including women 's u frames . Although other reviewers are correct in that a threaded bolt is used to secure the rack in the hitch receiver in lieu of a pin and key used on many other racks , the tedium of tightening the bolt under the rear of the car is well worth it . This secures the rack solidly to your receiver and prevents excessive sway of the rack . Once you get used to doing it , it is quick and easy - well worth the effort . I take my rack off after every use and it is really not much of an imposition . EXCELLENT product . Check out the company 's web site at -LSB- ... -RSB- , I paid a bit more for this rack vs. very similar racks that are made in China because you can purchase replacement parts for this rack and obtain excellent technical support from them should you need it . And yes , over the years I have done stupid things and bent parts of racks that I have owned . It is nice to be able to buy replacement parts and not throw the whole thing in the trash - especially when you will like yours and much as I like mine ! Good riding !
 Excellent product . . shipped fast ! I added some reflective tape to the sides and back of the unit-kind of surprised that the manufacturer is n't mandated to do something like that as the product is mounted on the rear of a vehicle . Other than that-love the product-it replaced an aging , noisey unit . Do n't forget to tighten the small paddle screw to the rear of the main mount-it really makes the unit stable ! I ordered the locking hitch mount and keyed-alike through-and-through cable lock for the rack . Likewise very satisfied with both products .
 A little reluctant to give this four stars because the instructions are so very poor and because it came with only three velcro wheel straps , but the product arrived quickly and was minimally painless to assemble . -LRB- The instructions have an incomplete step -LRB- 5a w/o a 5b -RRB- , use their website pictures instead of drawings -LRB- which would have made assembly MUCH clearer -RRB- and do not discuss how the velcro straps are to be used or the function of moveable `` eye pieces '' associated with each wheel rest . -RRB- I was at first alarmed at the loose fit into my 1-1/4 '' receiver hitch , though the joining pin is threaded and does screw tight . This requires keeping a 3/4 '' wrench handy , however . -LRB- And I will use a lock-washer and nut on the other side when I take it for an anticipated very long trip , just to be safe . -RRB- In addition , I had to swap the position of the clamp-down hooks in order to accommodate my wife 's Townie bike ; the fit is not ideal but appears it will work . -LRB- Obviously intended for a more conventional style . -RRB- But the rack does seem to be solid and does not wobble excessively and is quite easy to attach/detach -LRB- though heavy -RRB- and easy to mount the bikes on and was reasonably priced , so I am so far pleased with it and will give it four stars at this point . Will amend this review if it turns out otherwise as time goes on .
 I wo n't spend much time echoing what others have already said
 Easy to use , well made , easy to assemble . Like the way it adjusts for bikes with and without cross bars . We had to put it on and take it off in the rain and it was quick easy and secure .
 Excellent rack , cheap , easy to use and very stable . I had no trouble assembling the rack , although it does take time -LRB- and reading the instructions several times ! -RRB- . The rack is relatively easy for me -LRB- 6 ' 522 250lb -RRB- to put on and take off , easy to adjust , load and unload . I like the security of a threaded bolt , and I use a padlock through the pin for added security -LRB- instead of provided split pin -RRB- . The straps are great , easily replaceable if needed.All in all a great buy -LRB- did I mention it is cheap ? -RRB- . Just an addendum : I have used this for a while and I am still impressed . However , check the bolts after every use , as despite the spring washers , they work loose and the bikes start bouncing alarmingly from side to side ... . Still have n't lost them yet though !
 This rack has all of the bases covered , its not that heavy , I can store it in the back of my Sequoia , so someone doesnt get smart trying to steal it , its of the highest quality , and it really keeps my bike in place.what surprised me is how easy it is to fold it up.The threaded bolt that comes with it has a hole on the end , so you thread the bolt in , snug it down and then put a master lock through the hole and voila , you are all set to go.If you value your bikes and you dont want them front tires and handlebars swinging all over the place , This IS the rack for you.Not a better value out there !
 I had been using a standard -LRB- Yakima -RRB- rack for my 2 step-through bikes and was very dissatisfied ; it was a sloppy and cumbersome way to carry step-throughs -LRB- using adapter bars -RRB- and they often scraped the ground . This Hollywood rack uses wheel trays and frame hooks and is almost perfect for carrying this style bike . It is very easy to place -LRB- and remove -RRB- bikes on rack once the wheel trays are adjusted , and they are quite secure . There is some sway while traveling , but not a significant problem , even on rough gravel roads . The quality and design of this rack is excellent -LRB- see photos -RRB- . Only problem is the smaller of the bikes does not mount as securely as it should , with a gap between the frame hook and the frame . I use a Velcro strap to keep it from wobbling.I tried a cheap version of this wheel-tray design from Walmart , and took it back right away . The way it mounted on the hitch was flimsy and took a lot of fiddling to put on the car . This Hollywood Racks one is very easy to mount and unmount , and very solid .
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 The sword was pretty good but the sheath was faling apart on mre when i first got it . Plus the wooden handle was n't tightened enough so it twisted when i tried a few swings . The blade was dull so i wold recomend having a blade sharpener along with a polisher . other than that it was pretty good even though it is heavy .
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 These were very high quality , not a nick or scratch on them . They do n't have the traditional absorption of a coaster , but the coasters themselves have a small lip on them so condensation wo n't run off . Someone thought ahead .
 This is an excellent replica . It looks real good in a display case.This is made to exact dimensions ; and if you don , t look too close , you 'd think it was a real helmet .
 Very nice finish on the helmet , but it is not full size . Maybe more like 7/8 size.Still as a display helmet it looks real good . Here we go Steelers .
 My product was sent on time and arrived on time . It was exactly as advertised . I would buy from this seller again .
 My son is a 12 year old die hard Pittsburgh Steelers fan . This helmet is awesome , he was so excited when he opened this Christmas gift . Ofcourse it is not for contact play but he does wear it while the game is on . It looks great next to his terrible towel . Very satisfied with merchandise , price and the timely free shipping .
 I bought two of these helmets , one Green Bay , one Pittsburgh for my wife as a gift . They are a little smaller than a real helmet so it was very hard to get on/off of my head . However , my wife 's head is smaller and she has no problem putting it on . The cheek pads are very well padded but the `` air bladders '' in the top of the helmet are purely for decoration only and provide no padding . This makes the helmet sit a bit low on your head , my wife only wears it for a few minutes at a time while watching football games so she just sticks a dish towel in the top so it does n't fit weird . Considering it was less than half the cost of a real regulation Riddell helmet , it was worth the money and they look great on our bookshelf .
 Quick service , awesome product ... my husband is going to love it ! It was packaged very well . Received it exactly as scheduled .
 My husband is a huge Steelers fan and wanted the helmet . We looked in stores and of course they were all overpriced . So since we 're on a budget , I decided to look online . Found it here and when it arrived I waited for him to open it on X-Mas . He was in heaven and it was a huge hit . We still have the helmet , as it 's ontop of our hutch . He does n't use it ... shocking , but every now and then he 'll put it on our 2.5 year old daughter so she can have fun !!
 Its awesome i got it for my husbands birthday present and he about had a heart attack and so did my son . They both loved it , its big enough that my husband was wearing it even though it sais decoration only but it looks exactly as it appears on the picture . It was a gift Hit !!!
 Really nice scope . I took a chance and got a used one for ~ 35 dollars.It had one minor scratch . Awesome deal for this . Target is very clear and reticle looks great . Mounted on my AR15 and looks really nice too . I will buy BSA brand again . Purchased from Amazon . 3-9X50 Deerhunter scope review .
 Excellant clarity truly impressive light gathering . This scope is a great value including features usually found on scopes costing much more . I would recommend this scope to anyone looking for a good scope at a resonable price .
 Great price for a good scope . I was surprise at the clarity and zoom for such a reasonable price . I will be a returning customer .
 We have purchased other front mounted seats and this is the best one by far . HAMAX is a brand name in Europe and I am glad they are in the US now -LRB- I am from Europe and I remember riding to preschool with my dad on one of these ! -RRB- Our children all loved it . My youngest son loves to go for rides now and point out trees , animals , things around us . It really is a great way for us to explore the outdoors and spend time together . I also like the feature that I can remove the seat within seconds if I do not ride with my son.Absolutely love it !
 The discovery is the best thing ever!My son Cy and I had tons of fun with it.And for us it 's transportation because we do n't have a car.Front mounted seats handle better than rear mounted ones because they only marginally shift the center of gravity to the front.What can I say
 I have 12 grand children . They have all liked riding with me on my bike , but I never felt quite comfortable having a child behind me not knowing what he was doing and not being able to talk to him and discuss things we 'd see along the way.The HAMAX seat is WONDERFUL . As soon as my grand daughter comes through the door she asks to go for a ride.I love having her in front of me . Now we can talk and sing together as we ride . She can see where we are going instead of looking at my back.The great thing is that it is easy to install and remove.Thanks for bringing this seat to the USA.Siv Sandin-Lane
 We bought this for our son and he absolutely loves it . We go for a bike ride almost every night . It was easy to install . Everything about this seat is easy and convenient . Also this company offers great customer service . I live in Hawaii and received the seat in 3 days . Very happy !
 My 3 children have all loved the Hamax Discovery.They like feeling the wind in their faces , and the fact that we can talk normally when we 're riding along . I like the fact that I have more control over what they 're doing when I 'm riding.The best thing , however , is that they get me out of the house because they plead , `` Dad , let 's go for a bike ride ! '' As a parent , that 's nice to hear in the age of video games and mind-numbing cartoons.Great product , great design . A +
 We had a baby seat that sat on the back of our bike but did n't like it because we could n't keep an eye on our son and all our baby saw was our back . We did a lot of research and found that the Hamax child seat had some of the best reviews and thought we would give it a try . This seat is Awesome !!! We absolutely love it . My husband rides his bike often and likes how easy it is to take the seat off and I like having my child in front of me where I can see him . I can also say that my son likes it better too with the new view . The only negative thing I have to say is that it only fits one of our two bikes . Due to the way the frame is welded on one of our mountain bikes the mounting bracket wo n't fit . Make sure you look at how the mounting bracket fits in the images to verify that it will fit your bike . For us it was no big deal because we only need it to fit one bike . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 This is a great buy that got my son enthralled with biking . It is easy to install and easy to remove . A nice advantage of a front mounted seat is you are able to interact with your child as you ride . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' and this seat leaves me plenty of leg room . I installed it on a Specialized Rockhopper .
 12-month old grand baby loves it ! Not too difficult to install on boardwalk cruiser type of bike . Bike is still easy to ride and steer with baby seated in front . I use it for short trips only because I do n't think a baby would be comfortable if she fell asleep in the seat . It 's a nice way to keep a baby entertained while getting a little fresh air .
 I 've had both front and back bike seats for children and the front seat is hands down better . The child 's view is unobstructed . You have a better feel of how your child is doing without having to look back . One drawback to this seat specifically is that it does not fit some bicycle designs . It does not clamp to my wife 's cruiser bike .
 I bought this seat for my one year old and we love it . I only gave it four stars because it was a hassle trying to find a bike that it would fit . You need about 2 inches on the frame to mount the seat and it took me a few months to find a bike it would fit . -LRB- I guess that is more of an issue with the bike than the seat really -RRB- . Overall , I love the seat . My daughter points and things and says `` Weeee '' while we are riding . I ca n't imagine having her on the back of my bike . The instillation was very simple and the seat comes off easily if you do n't need to use it . I am very pleased with this product .
 I bought this seat for my son when he was 7 months old and use it every day ! he 's one year now , and it seems he 'll be able to fit in it for a while . I do recommend purchasing an extra mounting bracket when you buy this seat because I am having a hard time finding one now ! I need one to put on my husband 's bike so he 'll stop riding mine ! Overall great seat !
 Length :
 My teenager loved it and will be bringing it each year to the Patriots Training camp to collect his autographs !
 This `` SKS/AK Broken Shell Extractor '' is a handy thing to have on hand for your 7.62 x39 rifle . While it has n't happened to me yet , I have seen an AR-15 become jammed due to a broken shell and a similar device used to clear the obstruction . After that I decided to pick up one of these , just in case ... This is a well made heavy metal piece that does n't take up much room in my shooting bag , but can prevent an abrupt end a day of shooting at the range.Highly Recommended!CFH
 This is a fantastic light for anyone . This headlamp gives me the choice of intense light for detailed work or less light and a very high burn time -LRB- 80 hours ! -RRB- for hiking a trail or sitting around the fire.I use mine mostly for fishing . The intense light from the Xenon bulb is great for tying nots or rigging the rod in the dark . The three led 's work best when I am launching and loading the boat.I also like the fact that this light has a Unconditional lifetime guarantee !
 Perfect , Bright , Light Weight , Waterproof . An excellent all round camping light that is light enough to take on the longest night walks . Pelican products are proven this light is just another perfect example .
 I have had this headlamp for over 4 years now . While honestly I rarely use it outside it has seen a lot of use indoors in tight spaces , working in computer cases , etc. . I am very familiar with Pelican equipment cases so I knew anything carrying their name was well worth the extra cost .
 I love Pelican flashlights ! They are the best that money can buy . I ca n't wait to take it camping next month .
 I did not realize how much I would love the LED lights , but this dual mode headlamp is awesome for so many different applications . Only down side is to remember to double check that it is off or it will run batteries down quickly .
 I 'm a soldier in Iraq and this product provides me with the ability to work hands-free at night . The two lamp settings make it very useful in every situation . I have purchased Pelican products in the past and this product lives up to thier quality reputation .
 Bought this for my grandson for Christmas . He absolutely loved it , and it was just the right size . He is four years old and will be playing T-Ball very soon .
 The G-shock is a revered brand of tough-going Casio watches . This particular model is new -LRB- indeed , I could n't find a single detailed review anywhere on the Internet -RRB- , and sports some interesting features that are a departure from the conventional G-shock styling and feature set . For example , the design . The G011D is a combination analog-digital that aims to offer the best of both worlds . Naturally , there are compromises . The two digital displays are rather small , the equivalent of reading 7-9 pt font in a standard printout . In this black faced model , the LED readouts are white ; they are easily read in direct sunlight , but difficult to read in the low light conditions . The watch does have a tiny LED light situated between the 35 and 40 minute positions , and although this light is handy for providing a brief burst of rather intense illumination -LRB- 3 sec max -RRB- , it does not allow one to easily read in particular the more informative right digital frame . Moreover , the LED light is yellow -LRB- like a sodium lamp -RRB- ; I would have preferred white . Though obvious , it is worth mentioning that the analog minute hand covers up each of the digital portals when promixal , meaning that these features are n't legible for about 15 min out of each hour . The hour and minute hands are painted with phosphor , and they glow brilliantly in the dark without any active illumination . But the hands themselves strike me as flimsy , a stark contrast with the rest of the watch.Most G-shocks are big watches . I picked this one because I like the idea of the LED illumination , the analog-digital combination , the dressier appeal , and the smaller face -LRB- I have small wrists -RRB- . It is thick -LRB- 14.7 mm -RRB- , but not unreasonably so . It does look nice in a modern sort of way . I really like the timer , stopwatch , and multiple alarm features -LRB- missing in my last watch , a Tag -RRB- , and the security that I can treat it roughly . Operation is a bit clumsy in places , particularly the synchronization of the digital and the analog times -LRB- which is n't automated -RRB- . No word yet on the mineral crystal ; one hopes it can withstand scratches well enough . All in all , I really do like the watch
 Just got the watch - : Dfirst impressionsI wanted a stainless steel watch with dual time capability -LRB- world time mode works well for this -RRB- so i know what time it is in another country ... and this is just perfectNot only is does it feel solid -LRB- like a G-shock -RRB- , it has a very classy design with imformative digital read outs large enoughwithout straining the eye.Alright , lets bullet the point out for this watch : positives :1 . -RRB- The watch was fairly easy to set -LRB- kinda annoying to set the analog though - need to let the hands run around and around -RRB- 2 . -RRB- The band feels fairly solid , like the other brand name watches in the 200-300 range3 . -RRB- its a heavy watch -LRB- I think of this as a positive - im a fairly big guy -RRB- 4 . -RRB- looks great . I bought the white faced one . This thing has a hummer look to it . The white textured background -LRB- not printedon cheap paper -RRB- gives it a whiff of elegance . When the amber lights turn on , looks downright classy .5 . -RRB- most of metal on the watch is not the shiny type , should be fairly scratch resistance6 . -RRB- it is a rare item ; finally a proper stylish metalic G shock - hope it hold up like a G-shock7 . -RRB- LCDs are quite readable -LRB- not sure about the inverse lcds -RRB- negatives -LRB- this is small picky stuff -RRB- 1 . -RRB- when I recieved the watch , there were some scatches like someone just returned it ... :-LRB- . . beware , good thing i was able to buff out most of it2 . -RRB- hands will block out some of the digital readout , but not all of it -LRB- could be read off from an angle -RRB- 3 . -RRB- parts of the back -LRB- framage -RRB- is made out of the type of plastic in plastic g shocks -LRB- not all metal . . oh well -RRB- 4 . -RRB- mechanically intensive -LRB- you can hear it click when u set the analog time -RRB- - might run the battery down fast5 . -RRB- heavy - not light like a seiko ; think of it as a heavy divers watchI was originally planning to buy the Timex one -LRB- the one that was in stranger than fiction , but after checking it out ata store , it just didnt look good -LRB- looks like a regular ole watch with a lcd in the back -RRB- ; this one has style butat double the cost :-LRB- - oh well , lets hope it hold up for a while
 When I was looking for a watch that I could go SCUBA diving in , most of them were > $ 200 and had rubber bands that did not look that nice . This watch not only was very reasonably priced , but looked very nice as well . The crown is a little tall , but for a diving watch is acceptable . All the additional features are very nice , which is mostly just a bonus to me but some may find them more useful . Overall I would definately make this purchase again , if you are not wanting a watch for diving read the specs carefully , it does have a tall face .
 Pros : Metal StrapsUnscratchable Mineral GlassDesign -LRB- Classy yet Sporty -RRB- Luminous HandsCan be used as Urban Weapon : DDurable ConstructionCons : BackLight -LRB- Cant see digital screen @ Night even with light and its yellow :D -RRB- Heavy -LRB- I like it though -RRB- Face Metal can be scratched but can be buffedOverall . . GREAT WATCH!G - Shock for LifeBTW Amazingly Fast Amazon Shipping!UPDATE : Nov 2009I Dropped Watch like 4 feet on a hardwood -LRB- with padding -RRB- ... The Strap broke ... -LRB- the plastic that connects the watch and strap -RRB- its soooo messed up ... now I dont know where to send it for repair ...
 This is a great looking watch , i get compliments on it all the time . Takes a minute to set all the timers but it is a fantastic and beautiful watch for a man to wear for all occassions.Looks much better in person than on the computer screen so if you are looking for a real nice , dependable watch , ths is it .
 My son got one first . My daughter has this one on display in her room .
 The Sword is made good to a t. I love the sword ! It may lead to me purchasing another katana.JOhn Omar Larnell Adams Lexington , Kentucky Age 24
 when i got the sword about 6-7hours ago the only thing that bugged me was opening it . took me a few minutes lol i wanted it like now . there was a lil bit of grease stuff on it but i whipped it off . everything was perfect nothing was wrong with it . no wiggle in the handle or scuffs . i recommend it to everyone but i only started collecting swords like a few weeks ago so i dont know much about them yet .
 when i got the sword about 6-7hours ago the only thing that bugged me was opening it . took me a few minutes lol i wanted it like now . there was a lil bit of grease stuff on it but i whipped it off . everything was perfect nothing was wrong with it . no wiggle in the handle or scuffs . i recommend it to everyone but i only started collecting swords like a few weeks ago so i dont know much about them yet .
 I just want to start out by saying that for $ 15 , this sword is much better than what I was expecting . I read another review that said that the blade was loose in the handle . Mine feels very solid , so that might just have been a defective unit . Also , another review read that the blade is unsharpened . Although it is not as sharp as perhaps a professional katana , it is by no meanse a dull blade . I am not a collector myself . But this certainly is a great item for anyone looking to have a katana just for fun .
 What you see , is what you get . It 's an nice Katana . True , there may be some scratches on the blade , and it does shake in the handle . But overall , it 's a very nice piece of work , and it arrived very quickly . I was very impresses . Please note , that the blade is UNSHARPENED . This fact may disappoint some of you , however mayI suggest the Ophidian Katana or Ophidian Katana Set . I have not yet received this Katana , but it 's description is that it 's `` razor sharp . '' Once I recieve it , I will write a review
 For the price , I was expecting this sword to be a piece of crap . I was please to see that I was mistaken . Of course , you have to spend hundreds of dollars to get a `` real '' katana but if you just want something to look at , this is a decent buy .
 The katana is great , and very strong . The only problen was that , on the end of the blade , there was a 6 inch long patch of what looked like rust . I had to use a extremely high grit sandpaper to get off . Otherwise , it is very beautiful , can take a beating , and is overall a great sword .
 I have had mine for some years now and it 's held up pretty well . I went weed whacking one summer with it and the chlorophil from the plants made the blade lose some of it 's shine . All in all it 's a great sword . It 's not made out of the correct kind of metal -LRB- damascus steel -RRB- to me a true samurai sword , but the made in china label never bothered me . The sword grip is made out some relatively cheep materials that sort of loosened up and showed the wood part underneith but has not wiggled or broken in anyway . If you want to sword fight , I 'd recomend a wood mock up first . And the grease on the blade is to keep it looking nice .
 I fully got my thirty dollars worth from this sword . -LRB- price + shipping -RRB- Cosmetic things were not great , such as the metal bits on the bottom of the scabbard and hilt , but this turned out to be fortunate because it allowed me to tighten the screw keeping the blade in the hilt.If the sword is actually being used to hit things , I would advise keeping the blade tight in the hilt , and making sure the hilt does not twist while swinging the sword . The blade is not the strongest , as I found while hitting a wooden post after the handle was askew , and bending the blade at a 90 degree angle . Still , it is a quite good sword , especially for the low cost .
 I recieved this sword last monday and i was very impressed . considering how low this price is , the sword is great . i didnt experience any problems at all , the base doesnt shake , and the only thing was a weird sort of wax on the blade . however , it came off easily and wasnt an issue again . overall , way more than i expected
 when i got this item , it was like in an okay condition . the sword does have one or two scratches on it and it does shack just alittle when swinging it . its not the best sword i have gotten and it is more of a display item than one that is meant for playing with
 I just recieved my Kitana in the mail about 3 hours ago . it is really a beautiful sword . so far i have no complaints i think that this is the best sword for anyone who is beginning to collect swords like i am
 when i got the sword about 6-7hours ago the only thing that bugged me was opening it . took me a few minutes lol i wanted it like now . there was a lil bit of grease stuff on it but i whipped it off . everything was perfect nothing was wrong with it . no wiggle in the handle or scuffs . i recommend it to everyone but i only started collecting swords like a few weeks ago so i dont know much about them yet .
 After buying swim briefs in sport stores and online , most major brands like Speedo , Tyr , Adidas , etc. , most swim briefs were tight , or with incomplete rear coverage . Not Argonswim , the manufacturer of these swim briefs . In the description of their product they state their sizes run true . Initially I was skeptical and ordered one size larger as I learned to do with other brands . When they arrived , they were too large . I was able to return them -LRB- unworn , of course ! -RRB- , received a replacement that fit me perfectly . Impeccable tailoring , perfect fit , bright , vivid colors , smoothest feel . I reordered in several additional colors and are now my favorites for the pool and beach . Try them
 This is my 4th Swiss ball , and is by far the best . However , the others I have purchased in the past have tended to be quite a bit larger than stated when filled to correct firmness . These resistance balls are just the size listed . So keep in mind.This is the best I have purchased , and will purchase this brand from this company from now on .
 This is a big and I mean big ball . When I received the ball from Valeo , I thought they sent me the wrong size . I had n't fully inflated it , even though it looked full . Valeo told me it should be 29 '' when fully inflated . If I had inflated my 65cm ball to 26 '' , I would n't have needed this size ball . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and I think the 65 cm would have worked for me . Regardless , this is a quality ball and works quite well for ab exercises , etc. . I am pleased with the product ; just make sure your ' e tall before you order this size .
 I recently purchased this ball for my pilates workout . So far so good , ... the ball stays firm and the included pump is lightweight and convenient to use . My only complaint is that the 55cm ball is only available in white ... I would have preferred a more vibrant color .
 This ball is very good quality . I like that I do not have to worry about it bursting on me . I also like the material , your skin does not stick to it and is easy to clean .
 55cm is for people as tall as 5ft-5 '' . So this works great for my wife but not for me . She is pregnant and so safety was my number one criteria for selecting this . This is an amazing anti-burst ball .
 I bought this to use as a birth ball . I am 5 ' 10 '' + , and thought that the 75cm ball would be a better fit than the 65cm . Once it was blown up I could barely touch the floor . I ended up ordering the 65cm ball and using this ball -LRB- the 75cm -RRB- as a desk chair .
 Its a cool product definitely worth its value.I have been suffering from lower back pain . On the flexible ball which I use as a chair in my office , I could find several seating postures which relax me . I donot feel anything difficult sitting on the ball - I feel very much like normal chair-I like it :-RRB- I am 5 ' 7 '' and I ordered for 75cm ball . I just didnot inflate to the maximum - may be till 65cm or so-but if you are taller than me may be you shud go for bigger ball . they have an inflating pump which is cool .
 The ball seemed well-made and durable , but unlike the photograph which shows a deep , red and shiny surface , the balls I received were a very ugly , and dull orange color that looked way too much like the balls we used to play with in 4th grade gym class . Since I bought them to use as computer chairs , the appearance was a major factor so I returned them . However , if I were shopping for a ball to use for exercise , I 'd probably try this one . Do be aware , however , that it 's really , really huge . I have a 55cm from a different manufacturer which I DO use for exercise , and this orange monster looked nearly twice its size when inflated .
 This ball is strong , with good material , has a nice feeling when touched . It is good for exercising . My only concern is the color ! A white exercise ball is a real pain , if you want to keep it somewhat clean . I did n't even used it for the first time and I had to wash it . This would have been a perfect exercise ball but for the color .
 This is a great product . I received this product super fast and recommend this seller .
 This is a big white ball , as advertised . It was easy to inflate . It 's great for bouncing on , or scaring cats . The best technique for this is to stand in front of the cat a few feet away and hold the big white ball way up high as if you are going to chuck it at him . He will then look upwards and flatten his ears against the side of his head . You can then take a step forward , and he will dart away and hide behind your bed for a while .
 I LIKE THE CONCEPT OF THE BALL EXTERCISES . IT MAKES YOU BALANCE AND USE MORE MUSCLES WHEN YOU WORK OUT . THIS IS A GOOD QUALITY PRODUCT !
 I have had this product for a while now and am very happy with it . This is the first one -LRB- and only -RRB- exercise ball I have used so I am not able to compare it to other brands , but it seems to be well worth the modest price . The material is thick and smooth and feels like it would withstand a lot of abuse . It takes a little foot action to get the thing inflated but it holds the air really well -- I have not needed to refill it much . I would highly recommend this product .
 This is the best I have ever had . It 's far better then I thought it would be .
 its a great balance ball . i got it for my bf to use at work . he only occasionally use it on the computer , but it definitely helps your posture . I am thinking about getting one for our home too .
 I bought this ball about last week ... it was exactly as it described and the shipping was very fast i would reccommend going through these guys again .
 Well , I bought several different sizes of these balls , as I wanted my 3 sons to build a bit of their `` Core '' muscles , while sitting all day long doing their schoolwork -LRB- I home educate them , & wanted them to have a bit more exercise -RRB- Well they absolutely LOVED them , so much that they wanted to take them outside when they do homework in nice weather -LRB- we have a wrap around porch -RRB- while `` somehow '' -LRB- hmmmm ... I wonder -RRB- the youngest 's ball ended up in the rose bushes , yep , punctured it in a blink !! So after a LONG lecture & threats of him actually PAYING with his OWN $ $ for another ball , I reordered & they all again , have their own ball to sit on -LRB- They love them & Dad , `` borrows '' them to use as a `` footrest '' -LRB- after a hard day on his feet , they are so soft on the heels & comfy ! -RRB- I HIGHLY recommend these balls , they have had them for a year now , use them DAILY & NO PROBLEMS !! And did I say theu are being used by 3 BOYS ages 9 , 12 & 15 !! That is saying QUITE a bit as to their durability !
 I had purchased a smaller one , thinking it would be a pretty large size , but compared to that one , this one is HUGE . The sizing strap was very handy , and the pump worked a lot better than that hand pump I had used for a similar product . So far , it 's retaining air really well , has little to no odor , and works well !
 I use this ball as a chair for my computer . The 75cm ball is just about the right height . You can add or remove air as needed to adjust the height . It is of a reasonalbly thick material , seemingly well made and I do n't expect it will burst if I keep it away from sharp objects . It holds air well which was a prime consideration for me as I did n't want to pump it up every three days or so . So far , so good .
 nice sights once installed . very bright in day and night . installation takes some know how or the skills of a good gunsmith .
 I love these sight !!! My HK USP 45 fullsize should have came with these from the factory . These the best in both worlds . Super bright and sharp during day time / under the sun . And really bright during night time / pitch dark ... These gave me better target acquisition and a lot better sight picture . I ca n't imagine going back to those horrible white dots again . Ca n't live without them wish they made it for my HK P30 ...
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 I purchased this ball as a replacement for one that had used for the three years . This ball is very different from the one that I am used too . It is very bouncy in comparison , and it compresses more . It also has a spongy coating on it where as my other ball was smooth . The ball is of good quality -LRB- no leaks -RRB- and the seller was great to deal with ; however , I would like a firmer , smoother ball .
 My first fitness ball . I loved it . Enables me to do alot of stretching without straining myself.This product is uncostly but it gets the job done .
 Okay , so bouncy sure , but I guess that 's not really the point . I sit in front of a computer all day this is my chair . When my back gets stiff , I can roll back and forth or left and right to work out the strain . And when I want to stretch , I hook my toes under the desk and lean back as far as I can go . -LRB- Not necessarily a pretty sight , but why are you watching me anyway ? -RRB- And the best part ... When I 'm on a long , boring conference call , I can mute the speaker phone , stand up and punt the ball around the office !
 I have had my ball about a month now . It has been wonderful for my back and shoulders . I have never had any other brand to compare it to but this one is great . I wanted a Burst Resistant one for strength and longer durability after reading reviews saying their ball burst . I filled the ball with the convenient pump to the size of the measuring tape that came with it . Now I like it without so much air as I slid off it too often at first . It has rings/ridges around it so it is n't slippery though . The exercise poster was such a big bonus because I had no idea of what to do . I have also found more exercises online at various websites . I wanted this ball because of quality and durability .
 This exercise ball was easy ot inflate -- the pump was included , plus a premeasured strip to ensure proper inflation . I love my big blue ball ! It makes my physical therapy exercises fun !
 Well , it 's a 65 cm exercise ball . What else can you say ? It is tough and durable , and if you do the exercises , it will help to make you healthier . I see no problems with this product .
 I 've had this Body Ball for several months and it has worked better than I expected . I had no trouble at all inflating and getting started with this ball . I rarely have to put more air in the ball it holds really well.I use it for exercising and as my chair at home in front of the PC , its good for improving balance and you can feel it work your back muscles the first few days .
 I first purchased this ball as a seat to use at my computer desk in my dorm . This worked out pretty well as the chair i had used previously was a piece of junk . I then discovered a myriad of exercises you can do with this thing and found it to be an even better purchase because of it .
 great product ! I sit on this ball for work and at home at the computer . Build your core stability quick . Valeo is the best with good prices ! I have many of these !
 Pumping up was a pain and I did n't believe the ball would inflate as far as the guide ribbon indicated ... But it did . Very good for abdominal exercise ... But go slow if you have n't done a sit-up in 10 + years !
 Nice & sturdy . I wanted a ball that I could use for exercise , as a desk chair , and also bounce on . Works great in all 3 situations .
 I replaced my office chair with this ball , which helps my lower back and posture . Besides that , it 's fun to sit on and bounce , and I can do crunches while sitting at my desk !
 Well worth the price paid for . The ball is 65cm high which is about 28 inches in height -LRB- diameter -RRB- . It comes with a tape that is a little over 80 inches long that is placed around the circumference while inflating . This insures the ball is inflated to the proper dimensions and pressure . The pump is really cheap but does the job well . Because us Americans love cheap products it is made in China . Look it over well for poor quality control before you trust your weight on it or decide to bounce your baby on it . Inflate it properly and put a little petroleum jelly on the plug to stop any slow leaks and you 'll have no problem with this ball .
 Bought one ball for myself - ended up liking it so much that I bought 5 more for my extended family -LRB- ages 13 - 65 -RRB- . Some of us are using it for fitness and core conditioning . Others find that it makes a great `` chair '' to wiggle around on/balance on in front of the home computer . My senior age mother loves that fact that she can sit down and get up off from the ball easily - also finds it handy to stretch out hip joints/legs while doing partially seated lunges , etc. . After two months since purchase , we 're finding the ball seems to be holding up very well under moderate daily use - also retains air pressure quite well . Need to be a little careful rolling around on the ball if wearing clothes with zippers and metal snaps as these might `` scuff '' into ball surface . Otherwise , a great product !
 I use it as a chair . Well , for me the size is good . -LRB- I am around 5.5 feet -RRB- . However , it is not as large as my roomate 's . Also I suggest that do not pump too much air in it . I am always afraid that it will explode some time.After all . It is good !
 I 'm very happy with the stability ball/body ball . It 's sturdy . Inflating took some effort but worthwhile . Accompanying chart that demonstrates exercises is quite good . If you 're looking for a stability ball , I would recommend this one .
 I am 71 and my wife is 62 and we both use the Body Ball daily . One piece of advice
 The ball came with a pump inflator which worked well , although it took a while to pump up the ball . Once inflated , it holds air well . It is perfect for all the ball exercises . Inexpensive , but works well !
 Everyone should get one of these . Great quality . I pump air into it once a month.And you can use it as an ottoman , extra seat , etc. . . Thank you Valeo !!!!
 I am loving my new stability ball . I 've had it for about a month now , and it is perfect . It was easy to inflate -LRB- although it did take a * little * longer than I wanted ; I was so anxious to try it out ! -RRB- , and has served me well . This is definitely worth the money if you 're looking into buying a good stability ball .
 I Use it Daily , fits nicely in the corner of room , retains it 's air.fast shipping ,
 The ball is exactly what I expected . This item was recommended to me for a specific workout . I use it for that and it works very well .
 i ended up ordering 2 of these since the price was so great , and 2 yrs later both are still in great condition . I use them as chairs in my office and at home . I notice after some time or change in weather i do need to inflate just a little to retain the best fit . I also use it during exercise and love it ! it 's fun and forces you to isolate the muscle group you are working , otherwise you will lose balance . It comes with a great poster showing some standard exercises that are plenty to get you started.I recommended these balls to some friends , and 3 bought them and are happy with their purchase.I also purchased a yoga mat from this company . I would say these guys offer inexpensive , great quality products overall : -RRB-
 If you 're into fitness and want to incorporate new challenges , the balance ball is definitely a great buy . The size of the ball is perfect for sit ups , push-ups and various other positions . I am really glad I have added it to my workout collection and what 's better , it serves a dual purpose as a chair , too ! I use it more than I use my stool at the computer now ! I do find that I have to add air more often than I thought I would but it 's by no means an inconvenience or hassle .
 I am very pleased with my Valeo Body Ball - it arrived in super-sonic time , which was very nice , and the included pump was very easy to use . Just pump with your foot and the ball inflates quickly . This is the first body ball I 've ever used , and I 've had it about a month now , and it 's very durable . I would definitely recommend it for exercise , or just to sit on and strengthen the back muscles .
 well , after the mini-arm work out to initially inflate the ball , it is all worth it . super easy to pump up , and i 'm so happy that i can now hopefully get up off the couch while i watch tv and instead do some ab work outs , balancing and stretching at night!arrived in great condition -LRB- new -RRB- .
 great product . good for lower back . sit on it instead of a desk chair at work .
 So many weightlifters and people do not use this medicine ball . The medicine ball utalizes every ounce of your deeper muscle fibers in your body to strenghten the whole core and also increase strenght to weight training . It brings balance and stablity to your overall body and also helps those inner fibers from being hurt in case you doing regualr lifting . it strenghtens it at a deeper degree than normal weightlifting can . It is a product that is a must have especially at this price .
 I compete in amateur mixed martial arts , and I wanted to improve my core strength . I was originally skeptical about body balls , prefering to use weights instead . However my research located a lot of credible sources that claim this works , so I ordered this Valero body ball to see if the stories were true.I have had three sessions on this ball so far . I must say , I am quite impressed . The ball comes with a poster of some basic exercises , but a little research online will turn up a lot of other great exercises as well . There is no muscle group that I ca n't condition with this thing . Combine it with some free weights or a < a href = `` http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00076ZEL2/002-9753595-2020042?ie=UTF8 '' > medicine ball < / a > , and feel the results quickly!Some of my favorite exercises are the walk-out push-ups for upper body , a modified `` superman '' on the ball for upper and lower back , and a wall slide with the medicine ball for lower body . I love the `` unstableness '' of the ball . It works muscle groups that normal exercises do n't get , because you have to constantly adjust to maintain your balance -LRB- especially once muscle fatigue starts setting in -RRB- . I use the ball for moderate to high intensity exercises , but there are even more low intensity exercises and stretches for this . I see no reason why this would n't be appropriate for most people -LRB- be prepared to fall off your first few times doing balance exercises on this , however -RRB- .
 When I inflated the ball , it had a very strong odor and I had to let it air out . Also , the ball was smaller than I thought -LRB- I purchased the 65cm ball -RRB- . Other than that , the chart that was included is great if you 're a beginner and it 's great to use for my workouts and the pump that is included comes in handy . I 'd recommend getting the 75cm ball if you want to use the ball as an office chair in addition to your work outs .
 We were impressed . You get a greatball for a low price.We are a gym facility , and we have n't had any problems with them .
 I 've tried several stability balls , but this one is the best for the money that I 've tried . It 's durable and it 's the perfect size for me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 5 '' -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this product !
 I was glad I purchased this ball . The kit came with the ball , pump , and some exercise suggestions . I was surprised by how large the ball became after full pump . I have had no problems with the ball except that it kind of smells initially , but should go away with use and a wash .
 Seems like a well made product and I 'm glad I got the burst resistant type after seeing some of the recent news stories about people being hurt . The inflation method is cumbersome , the foot pump that comes with the ball I guess is better than some but still awkward to use . Fortunately once it 's inflated you wo n't need it very often . It 's easy to over inflate , I ended up having to let some air out of mine . Holds air well and makes the morning workout a little less boring .
 I bought this for home after using one at the gym . This is just as thick if not thicker and is holding air very well . Very satisfied !
 It 's a great work out tool ! I travel 10 months out of the year living in hotel rooms , and its nice to have my own stuff ; like this ball . It deflates to about the size big soup can , so it only takes up a little room in my suit case . If you buy one , I would recommend an electric pump if you 'll be inflating and deflating like me ; saves a lot of time and energy .
 I love my body ball and use it through-out my day , for exercise and also as a chair for my computer.The ball keeps my spine in proper alignment , very comfy .
 The fitness ball seems quite sturdy and was easy to inflate . I 'd buy it again .
 Good product for a fairly standard price . This was delivered within a reasonable amount of time and came with easy , straightforward instructions for inflating .
 The ball it self is great it is the pump I found not so great . It is very hard to use and it fell apart many times . The ball could use something to stop the air from coming out after you have filled it . But the ball is great .
 I 'm really happy with this purchase . The package arrived on time and in good condition . It came with a pump and extra pieces in case a plug gets lost . It took me maybe 10 minutes to pump it up and the pump worked really well . It comes with a measuring tape , so you do n't overfill it . I 'm surprised at how durable the ball is and it 's just the right size for our tall family . We are a family of athletes and it has had a lot of use with all of the core work going on around here . It has even held up to the abuse by my teenagers kicking it around the house ! :-RRB- It could even make a great play ball for kids out in the yard . I 'm thinking of buying another one .
 I love my Valeo Body Ball . I was introduced to using a ball for exercise by my personal trainer . It 's a great tool to do all kinds of exercises . I especially love doing crunches on this ball because it protects my back.There is a poster that comes with this ball which introduces you to other ways of using the ball . I went to a `` on the ball '' class at my local gym and found new ways to play with it . Now I even watch TV on this ball to improve my posture rather than lying in bed or sofa .
 This is a great ball and I would recommend to anyone for home exercise . It does a lot of exercises if you learn how . I use it for some exercises not even listed on the instruction sheet . The pump ai n't much but it gets the job done .
 I bought this as a gift ... perfect ! Delivery was right in time . Thank you Amazon for making Christmas shopping a happy experience ! : - -RRB-
 This is a really nice ball for the price . The biggest thing I would say about these balls is that each color is a different size , not just a different color . I only knew about that when I read the reviews -LRB- my thanks to whoever pointed that out -RRB- . Even though Valero suggests anyone over 5 ' 9 '' -LRB- I think -RRB- should get the blue ball which is 65cm . At 5 ' 9 '' , I prefer the smaller 55cm since that is easy to wrap your legs around and it 's just a very manageable size . It also takes up less space in a smaller room . I would definitely order this one again .
 The ball is good quality , no smell after the first day , no sticky residue . The pump worked great , took about 5 minutes to pump up . I do n't think that the band is at all the same size as the ball , so do n't use it as a measure of how full the ball is-just throw it away . The ball seems very sturdy . It is bigger than my friends 75cm TKO ball , which I 'm pleased about and was n't missing any pieces . Super cheap and a great value !
 Great product for the price . Very happy with my Valeo Body Ball . I use the ball as an office chair . Works great .
 I intended to buy larger ball but eventually end up with this one . I have neck problem and smaller ball is better for exercise . I did some exercise following the instructions . It did relieve my neck pain . I should buy a ball earlier.My baby pushes it around in his walker . It is a lot of fun . Sometimes I put him on top and bounce the ball . Worth buying it .
 This ball held up to a lot of use . We used it to sit on and bounce baby to sleep , boys played on it rolling around , and even used it for some exercise occasionally .
 I bought a couple of these balls to stretch my back and to occasionally do light bench/military presses on . Balls are balls . Nothing really remarkable here , so I 'll comment on the build-quality . The construction appears solid and as are the others in my home that I 've been using for 2 years . The included foot pump is compact and brightly colored like a kid 's toy -LRB- yellow and blue plastic -RRB- . It takes a LONG time to inflate the ball with it . I stopped counting after 300 pumps . I alternated feet and got tired from the pumping . I would suggest a bike pump instead.Lastly , the ball has a slightly greasy feeling from the manufacturing process . I always wash my balls before using .
 Chemical smell can be removed with use or when you first blow it up , wipe it down with dish detergent.Pump air into by instructions or to you 're liking after couple of uses , personally I like it to be more firmer than it suggested .
 The ball is the right size for me -LRB- I am 5 ' 3 &#34; -RRB- . I recommend looking for guidelines on which ball to buy for your height . I did , and this ball is perfect . It feels tough , and it never had that funny plastic smell that I hate .
 very big compared to normal exercise balls . I am 6 ' 6 '' and 265 lbs . it suits me just fine . I use it to sit at my computer and to play video games . -LRB- yes how ironic -RRB- it smelled really funny at first but it fades after a week or two . shoes will make black marks on it if that matters to you . the pump worked very well and was easy to use .
 Its a big ball that you exercise on and it was cheap . The pump that it comes with isnt the greatest thing in the world but you only really have to use it once and the ball stays inflated so I cant really complain about that .
 did n't realize how small my other exercise ball was until I got this one . I am 5 ' 8 and this is perfect for me and my boyfriend who is 5 ' 11 .
 I bought this for myself since I have long legs , I need the extra 10cm . It is great quality . Very strong . I would like to say that I learned this through excessive use while exercising , but the truth is that it has not been used to exercise nearly as much as it should be . The way I know of its quality and strength is because my 4 children will not leave it alone . It is really big and will not fit through standard doorways , so I have to store it in the corner of the family room , as that is the room where I work out -LRB- when I make time to work out -RRB- . My youngest daughter is in three home-based early intervention therapies -LRB- speech , development and occupational -RRB- per week and her therapists regularly use my Valeo Body Ball as part of their therapy . My other 3 older children can often be found sitting on it , rocking on it and most recently playing `` Boulder Tag '' with it . Boulder Tag is where the ball is a boulder and they chase each other around the room rolling/throwing the ball at each other . It drives me crazy and I am constantly asking them to stop because I am worried for the safety of my ball . But the ball has held up wonderfully . I have had other fitness balls in the past that have not been nearly as sturdy . One round of Boulder Tag with my last ball -LRB- I do not remember the brand name -RRB- and it would have popped immediately.Oh ... and the ball came with a pump which I did n't realize . Maybe it said in the description , but I missed it . So I ordered a pump to arrive with it . I did n't need it .
 My purchase of the Valeo Body Ball turned out very well . The 65cm is just the right size for me and I use it every day with the recommendation from my physical therapist . It is great for lossening your lower back and fanny muscles and good for strengthening the back . There were a lot of similar products online but I used to own this brand before so went back to an old favorite . Hope this review helps someone else .
 Five stars for holding air . I really do n't know how you can review these as I 'm no expert in `` Body Balls '' but I do use it frequently . It holds air and even takes a few good nips from my puppy . I think the endurance is well worth 5 stars .
 This thing has held up for almost a year now , and I have to say that I 'm impressed . You do have to refill it every so often , but it is easy enough with a small hand or mechanical pump . I do n't know how much it helps me stay in shape , but my fiance loves it and I do n't mind watching .
 This ball is excellent ! I am 5 ' 9 '' and should have really ordered the 55cm or 65cm ball . OH WELL ! I still use it . I have had this ball for a while now and the rubber is nice and durable . The hand held air pump works very well , the only problem is that it takes forever to fill the ball with air ! I will most likely be ordering the whole size set , then I have options : -RRB-
 I bought this ball because I 'm pregnant and wanted something to sit comfortably on when my hips were hurting and for early labor before I go to the hospital . I had one of these when I was a kid -LRB- they were much more expensive back then -RRB- and this one seems just as sturdy . It 's pretty thick and I think it would take a pretty sharp object to puncture it . The pump that comes with it is flimsy , but works fine for blowing the ball up . If you wanted to inflate and deflate the ball a lot , you might want to get an electric pump or something more heavy-duty .
 I bought this for a birth ball . Its definitely holding up to my weight . As some others have complained , the included pump is slow . Just be patient , it only needs to be inflated once really , and if you plan to deflate it a lot , you should buy a separate pump anyway . Overall , a great ball .
 My husband uses it all th time . The Physical Therepist suggested he get one . The ball is very tough . He has it for 2 months and its like it was new . Would I get one again Yes , I would .
 Opened it up , pumped it up with the included pump , worked out with it . I 've been very satisfied ever since . Very durable , perfect size for me -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 0 '' -RRB- , nice color . You can do so many different workouts with a body ball ! With this one it 's a little cheaper in price than most and does the job just the same as the more expensive ones ! No complaints . Great product !
 This is a very good product . It is good for stretching and strengthening -LRB- i.e. abdominal work -RRB- . Peace and Happiness , Patrick Leonardi
 Sitting on my balls fills me with joy . I really enjoy bouncing on my balls at home and at work . The ` looner ' group I 'm in really enjoys this too . Can take so much more punishment than a plain old balloon . Gosh I love my balls !! Recommended for every looner out there .
 It is and does what it claims to ! Ball takes some time to inflate , not a big deal ... unless you are just a very unreasonable person living in your lala land.Ever since I started using mine I ca n't keep the ladies off me , well , metaphorically speaking . I mean it totally works so phyisically when the women are all up on me I can literally just throw them off of my person and not even break a sweat . You can also use the ball to bounce these infatuated people off your sleek new hawt self ! Yes , I think I am funny.I do like the workout chart that comes with it .
 My sister-in-law asked for this as a Christmas gift . I found & ordered it just in time to get it wrapped for Christmas .
 I bought this to use as a birth ball . I have n't given birth yet , so I ca n't attest to how much it helps with that , but I can say that I love sitting on it right now . Being 35 wks pregnant , my back hurts a lot . Sitting on this ball instead of a conventional chair seems to help a lot . I even sit on it at the computer desk sometimes .
 I remember seeing these back in 1998 . Back then , I thought these things were a joke . But after seeing the results on other people , I decided to give it a try . And let me tell you , I was in for an experience!The first time I sat on one , I ended up rolling off and falling on the floor . I 'm normally coordinated and fairly graceful . However , I had no understanding of the proper use of the equipment . The awesome college girl who was working out beside me was polite enough to not stare at your very embarrassed , and very red-in-the-face , narrator . Eventually , I got enough courage to ask one of the trainers for help . She showed me the proper way to use the ball . And no , you should not try to do sit-ups while sitting on the ball . Basically , you use a lot of the muscles in your midsection to balance , and then you lift your chin upwards , towards the ceiling.I was never consistent at using the ball . But now , nine years later , I decided that I had better do something about my exponentially expanding midsection . I no longer drink beer or alcohol . However , my lack of physical activity and my love of video games have caught up with me during the last six months . I have gained seven pounds , during the last half-year . And they went to the worst possible place of all , all seven of those pounds , to my waist.Please keep in mind , dear reader , that this ball alone will not shrink your belly . It will not get rid of excess body fat . Depending on what you want to accomplish , how far off you are currently , and your body type , a whole lifestyle change might be needed . Your diet and your exercise routine have to work together . You can lose body fat simply by cutting back your calories . You wo n't want to cut much protein though . You need that to help you keep your lean body mass.By the way , if you 're not very coordinated , I suggests that you purchase on of these and start off using it at home . That way , when you do use the one at the gym , you can look graceful doing it.Inflating this ball can be a big hassle . The pump that came with it is obviously made out of inexpensive -LRB- cheap ! -RRB- material . But , hey , look at the low price of the unit ! Besides , once you get the ball inflated , there is very little need to ever have to reinflate it again . When you are inflating the ball for the first time , please keep in mind that there is no valve on the ball . As soon as you remove the pump 's needle , the air will start to come out of the ball . Basically , you will have to put the stopper on very quickly . You can put a little bit of nail polish on the stopper to keep it from coming out . I used hair spray though . So far , no leaks .
 I gather that people use these things for various forms of exercise , but we have found these balls to be the perfect baby bouncing device on the market . We had some other cheap ball with our first baby but just bought this one now for our second baby -LRB- we gave away our first ball -RRB- and it works great . I sit on it holding the baby snugly against my chest and bounce away . He loves it , usually falls asleep after not too long , and it is far less demanding -LRB- and tedious -RRB- physically than other forms of baby-sleep-inducement . I think they 're underselling this product myself .
 The size is just right to bounce around while pregnant . I was surprised that it withstood me and my pregnant belly bouncing around on it . My children enjoy this ball too . I leave it in the living room and everyone who sees it , HAS to try it ! . Great to do work on etc. . Easy to clean . THe only thing I didnt like was pumping this ball up . THe directions were hard to understand and follow . The hand/foot pump it comes with is flimsy and it took me over an hour to pump the ball for the first time . I can imagine that some of my troubles was because I am weak from pregnancy but my 20 yr old son also had some trouble pumping this ball up . Between the two of us though we finally got it done . This pump makes it hard to travel with . If you have a seperte pump to blow up inflatables -LRB- like I do now ! -RRB- then this wo n't be too much of an issue . It comes with adjustable sizes to inflate . THe blue ribbon measured to big and If we used that as a marker to blow up this ball then it would have popped for sure . Instead measure the wall to 65cm and do not go past that height for the ball OR use a tape measure to measure out 65 cm on the blue tape provided and use that as a guide as when to stop blowing it up -LRB- or just use your best guess -RRB- . This ball is very sturdy and can withstand a lot of pressure without popping . I will be using it in Labor and delivery to labor on . The surface is easy to clean while maintaining good traction on any type of floor .
 We 're really happy with our body ball , which we purchased to use during our upcoming birth . The ball is just the right size -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 4 and hubby is 5 ' 11 , and we can both use it comfortably -RRB- , and feels very durable . The pump has both an inflate and deflate feature which makes it easy pack away when not in use , and the included measuring band to inflate to the correct size was easy to use . Overall , a great deal that will get lots of use at our house !
 I shopped around and read the many online reviews before purchasing this item as my first body ball . I have to say the first workout was inflating the ball . I found the foot pump to be awkward to use . The hose is too short and you have to hold the inflation valve in the ball while you work the foot pump , the hose also detached from the pump several times while I was inflating and I would have to stop to re-attach it -LRB- losing air in the process -RRB- . Once the ball was fully inflated to the measure tape it seemed very taught and hard . I ended up letting some of the air back out . I am 5 ' 5 '' and this ball is the correct size for me or anyone several inches taller . Once inflated the ball is very sturdy and seems durable . I am skeptical of the plug used to seal the inflation hole , but since this is my first ball it could be better than most.I have n't had it long enough yet to determine how well it holds air , I 'm hoping that it does well so I do n't have to use that pump again . I also ordered a Body ball for Dummies workout DVD as this ball only came with a poster with suggested postures and exercises.Once I got past the inflation I was pleased with the ball . I can already feel it in my core muscles , the ball is fun to use and gives you a better work out than you realize.I 'd buy another of these balls , but will get my own inflation pump to use when needed .
 I have never had an exercise ball before , but have heard of using one for exercise and used one briefly in one of my Pilates classes . It is a great way to add variety to the daily exercise routine . The best part about it is it feels like playing because you are using a ball , so it is fun while working out.The ball came in a box with a small pump and a chart of several exercises . I have used them and combined them with some of my own for a more interesting workout . It is great that I did not need any extra materials to get set up and get started . It also feels good to do the exercises.The only problems I encountered with the ball are related to the inflation . First of all , the pump made a loud squeaky noise which was rather obnoxious and made it difficult to concentrate on doing something else while pumping.The second problem I had was that the instructions for the ball size are very confusing . The box states that the ball is 65cm in diameter . After I had blown it up I found a `` measuring tape '' in the kit box that I was supposed to have used . But the tape was huge compared to the ball and when I measured it , it was the exact circumference needed for a 65cm diameter , so obviously the ball I received was a lot smaller than promised . When I called the company , I had to leave a message . I was impressed with the speedy rate with which my call was returned -LRB- I called on a weekend and received a call back in the morning on Monday -RRB- , but the person barely listened to my complaint and said that I should not use that tape and that she is `` certain '' I got the right size ball because it is blue and the blue ball is supposed to be 65cm . Since I am actually shorter than the recommended size for the 65cm ball , the ball I got is fine for my height , so I did not pursue my complaint , however , if you are expecting a ball fit for the average height or taller individual you will probably be gravely disappointed.To anybody who is thinking of getting an exercise ball , but is unsure , I would definitely recommend trying it , but would like to caution about the size concern .
 Although a different color might have been nice , this ball has been great . Blowing it up is a bit of a hassle because I do n't like the foot-pump . However , it 's a great addition to my P90X2 work out!Just a warning though
 I bought two of these balls and let me tell you , they 're GREAT ! nice and bouncy and feel good and grippy in my hands . my girl loves working out with them too .
 I bought this to take the place of my desk chair -LRB- to help alleviate some lower-back issues -RRB- . Thus far it seems to be working quite well for the back pain . Ordering the correct size is a must -LRB- the 75cm ball worked great for me , the 6 ' 5 '' 275lb reviewer -RRB- .
 I use this ball often for core training and stretching . I 'm 165lbs and the ball has n't popped on me yet .
 Very easy to inflate . Convenient for doing various exercises -LRB- particularly during pregnancy -RRB- . Serves the purpose . Kids love playing with it -LRB- under supervision -RRB- .
 I purchased this and gave up my really expensive leather chair in hopes of having a better support chair . I have been using it for several days and it is great . When I am listening to music I ca n't help but bounce around on it . I feel like it should have handles so I could bounce around the room . Who knew a chair could be so much fun and help with posture ? Love it !
 GoFit -LRB- not jetfit -RRB- balls are thicker , hold more weight -LRB- up to 2000lbs , yes 2,000 -RRB- and are even better , for the same price , see my reviews if you 're curious , but this is still a good ball so I gave it 5 stars.These balls are stinky as heck to start out , but that 's only because they are solid rubber , not the rubber plastic composite of the Gold 's Gym balls at walmart . The last two Gold 's Gym ones I got at walmart deflated within a month of me having them . These Valeo ones are much better , I 'm 200lbs , they support me easily sitting on it for 4 hours a day . I am happy enough to get a second one for my workplace , but I think I 'll air it out -LRB- so it does n't stink so bad -RRB- before I bring it in.These are great for your posture to sit on because you have to constantly adjust your position to react with the ball moving from side to side naturally as your body shifts weight . What this does is engage your core muscles , your abdominal , and engages you , so you are aware and conscious of posture . After an hour , if you are not used to sitting this way , you will start feeling it , because you will be working out muscles you do n't normally use when sitting in a traditional chair that encourages you to slouch and hunch.A 75cm ball is for people 6 ft tall and over . The 75cm ball I got is red , like in the picture . Which on second thought may be too conspicuous of a thing to have hanging out in the middle of my office . I 'll have to find a black or grey one of this same quality somewhere .
 I bought this to use as an office chair , and it is working out great . I had ordered a different ball that was smaller than advertised and took forever to blow up b/c it only came with a small hand pump . This one comes with a foot pump that is much more effective . I inflated it with no problem and am loving it . For anyone interested in replacing their office chair with a balance ball , I recommend this one . I am 5 ' 8 '' and for my height most people recommend a 65cm ball , but I find the 75cm ball much more comfortable . If you are tall and have long legs , I would recommend purchasing the 75cm ball .
 My son suffered a brain injury and requires ongoing therapy , alot of which we do at home . An average therapy ball cost upward of $ 70 . This exercise ball fit the bill at a fraction of the cost . We use it for stretchings , balance work , weight bearing , and simple play . A welcome find . Child is 3 ' 4 '' , 48lbs . Works great as a therapy ball for his size and weight . Can not vouche for its intended use as an exercise ball for an adult , as I have not employed it in that fashion , though I can say it has held me and my child in a seated bounce -LRB- approx . 225lbs -RRB- .
 Easy to use , the Valeo Body Ball will add a lot to your workout with minimal effort . Each exercise performed will involve your core muscles as the ball is destabilizing . Do n't be fooled by how easy it seems . You 'll feel it the next day . Do n't neglect to stretch !
 We like the prodcut , but two of the twenty six popped the minute we blew them up . We have several we have not blown up and I 'm nervous they will pop too . I 'm sending the two back as I believe they are defective . The other are working out nicely .
 These are great to workout your entire core . Helps to improve balance , posture , and overall fitness . I recommend its use to anyone of any age !
 This product is great . It comes with a pump and extra plug . It needs random pumping of air into it , but I use it once if not twice a day . The ball works great for everything that i 've done , and it comes with a little poster of workouts you can do . I definitely recommend this to others looking for easy ball work outs , and instructions .
 I bought this ball for my husband to add to his weight training regiment . He is older so so gaining truck stability is important for him . He has never even seen a stability ball , let alone been on one , so it is very challenging for him , but he says that he can see why they are so popular . The only drawback on this , is the foot pump . It 's a pain in the rear . Battery operated pumps , people ! I 'd certainly be willing to pay a few extra bucks for one .
 The GoFit Burst Resistant Ball exceeded my expectation . The quality is worth the cost , which is extremely reasonable . This is my first purchase of a stability ball and I believe I made the right choice . The package for the GoFit Burst Resistant Ball came with a DVD . The instructor on the DVD is excellent and guides you smoothly through each exercise . There was also a poster showing the different exercises , for those who prefer this method.I encourage anyone who wants to start focus their training on core areas such as the abdominals to purchase a GoFit Burst Resistant Ball . The cost is reasonable and you get the added bonus of a DVD and a wall poster . Including instructions on how to piece together the pump for the ball would be helpful . But it is relatively ease to figure out . Go GoFit ... great product
 I read up on what size ball I should get being 6 ' tall , and I believe I was told wrong . 65cm is slightly small . Should 've gone with 75cm . Would 've been helpfull if measured in inches ; also , something written in the `` item details '' section of the page to keep me from having to navigate amidst the web to discover for myself which to get would 've been nice . The ball in the picture loos perfect , but the one I got had to be inflated -LRB- which was expected -RRB- but this left several minor creases in the ball . They do n't affect the performace of the ball , but if you 're hoping for perfection , I thought you might want to know . This ball is very durable . The rubber/plastic is fairly thick , so you 're really going to have to treat this poorly to pop it . In the box came a pump with tools to pump it properly . There 's also a long plastic band in there . I 'm not sure what it 's for , but I 'm guessing you cut off peices of it and superglue it to any areas you may have cut the ball . Just guessing . All in all , a great product . As a first time exercise ball buyer , I 'm satisfied .
 I love the ball . My only issue with the ball is that I probably should have gotten the larger ball even though the 65 cm ball is made for my hieght -LRB- 5 ' 9 '' -RRB- I find that since I am larger and lovelier weight wise the 75cm ball would have given me a bit more height during my workouts putting less strain on my knees and neck when doing crunches .
 I 've wanted one of these for a while and I was not disappointed . The directions for blowing it up were very clear and the pump was easy enough to use that my two young sons could help me . -LRB- It takes a while so their help was greatly appreciated . -RRB- Just found out I am pregnant so I 'm sure I 'm going to love this thing even more !
 no review at this point , but I have to say the ball has been giving a great satisfaction on my idea to loose some wait.thx
 I bought this ball mainly to use while sitting at a table while working . It 's an appropriate height to substitute as a chair , and it is indeed 65 cm in diameter , as advertised . It did have a very rubbery odor for about 4 days , but now it 's fine , and I 'm pleased that I have n't had to re-inflate yet after about 3 weeks of use .
 I got this for my partner who is pregnant and she uses it to relieve discomfort . Our birthing center have similar ones that will no doubt be useful during labor . My partner was able to inflate this herself with the included pump , she said `` it was a little bit of a workout , but that was ok '' . She is 5 ' 4 '' and I am 6 ' 0 '' which are the extreme ends of the recommended height for the 65cm ball . This is a comfortable height for both of us , so the recommended height guidelines seem pretty appropriate . I was a little concerned I should have gotten the smaller ball , but this seems to work out just fine . It 's held up pretty well so far even as she continues to add weight . I do n't have any comments on the use of this as a regular exercise tool , we got this after trying the ones at the birthing center.For info on use during pregnancy and labor :[ ... -RSB-
 Found this ball to be just what we were looking for.Easy to inflat -LRB- my 10yr old helped -RRB- Though it looked a bit small-not a problem . . I 'm 5 7 `` I just heard that it is best to inflate these up at the gas statioin and then use the hand held pumps for when you need to decrease or increase air pressure.Great book I found to use with the ball was called `` Weights on the Ball Workout '' - also an Amazon purchase and have been very pleased with the ease of reading-great photos of each step and nice variations of the exercises ...
 This ball is the least expensive of all my exercise equipment and yet I use it more than all the others . It is very durable and alot of fun to use . The foot pump makes it extremely easy to air up . I usually have to add a little air every couple of weeks . I use the exercise chart that came with the ball , but I have n't viewed the DVD yet . I highly recommend this kit .
 Function : I mostly use this as a chair , though this involves putting more regular pressure on it than most people buying for exercise , so I think that 's a good test of its resilience . I 've had no problems after a couple months . The pump works fine and is easy enough to use.Smell : It smells strongly when you first unpackage it , but once you leave it pumped up for a few days , that goes away completely . Do n't try to wash it off like some reviewers -- it 's not going to give you cancer , and washing it will probably reduce its durability , because that smell probably comes from a coating that the ball absorbs when it expands -LRB- I do n't have a strong chemistry background , so I 'm just speculating , but it makes enough sense -RRB- .
 good for the cost . have n't used it much , but it works just as well as the one I use at my gym . recommended .
 i ended up ordering 2 of these since the price was so great , and 3 yrs later both are still in great condition . I use them as chairs in my office and at home . I notice after some time or change in weather , i do need to inflate just a little to retain the best fit . I also use it during exercise and love it ! it 's fun and forces you to isolate the muscle group you are working , otherwise you will lose balance . It comes with a great poster showing some standard exercises that are plenty to get you started.I recommended these balls to some friends , and 3 bought them and are happy with their purchase.I also purchased a yoga mat from this company . I would say these guys offer inexpensive , great quality products overall : -RRB-
 Works perfectly . I use it all the time since I sit on it in from of my computer at home .
 This ball was the perfect size for me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 1 '' -RRB- . It came with everything needed to pump it up or deflate it . It even came with a little poster of different exercises you can do .
 Great ball , I am using it at work as my alternative office `` chair '' . Love it ! Easy to pump , and just the right size .
 I 'm 5 ' 2 '' and this is a good size for me . Easy to inflate . No leaks . Seems like it 's going to hold up pretty well . The color of the ball does n't bother me one way or another , but this ball is n't silver ; it 's pearly white .
 The ball was perfect for my height 5 ' 0 . The pump was easy to use . This ball is just a joy to exercise with . And if you want ideas , YouTube has a lot of free videos with the ball . Can I say that on here ? Anyway ... Good ball !!!
 I gave this to my son for christmas and while we do n't do a lot of body ball exercising , he uses it to sit on while watching tv . I have found that he thoroughly enjoys it and it keeps him moving even while being a couch potato .
 I 'm glad I added this exercise to my workout session . Do n't know why I was loosing my balance , but this workout helped me regain it .
 I love my big red ball so much , I got one for my brother.It 's sturdy , BIG , comes with it 's own pump and it 's red . Yay !
 I know some other reviewers had concerns about the sizing charts being accurate . This ball worked fine for me at 5 ' 2 '' .
 I 'm 6 ' 5 '' and 275 lbs and this ball has no problem holding me up through my exercise routine . Works very well will little medicine balls sold by same company . The pump was a workout in itself and if the ball bursts , who cares , it was ten bucks ! I 'll just get another one . Overall , I really like it , and it does wonders for my back !
 only order this if you are less than 5 ' 3 '' which i am - it is actually a bit too small for me altho i can use it ok for my purposes - my grandson inflated it easily with the foot pump sent with the ball - good strength and texture
 I am so happy with this ball ! It is just as nice as the ones used in physical therapy . It came in a box with a little pump , directions , measuring tape and a color poster of illustrated exercises . I was a little nervous about pumping it up , but it did n't require a lot of strength to do it so the pump was great in that way . The pump is not heavy duty , and a couple times the tubing popped out of position , but it was very easy to pop it back in . The measuring tape helped to make sure that I did not over-inflate it . The ball itself is well-made and I am not at all afraid of sitting on it . Believe me , I would be afraid of falling if it did n't seem secure ! It came with an extra plug , in case I ever have to replace it . The poster is really nice and gave me extra ideas for ways to exercise . I was n't expecting that so it is a nice bonus . The price is also right - it was cheaper than another brand that is carried locally , and that one does n't come with the poster . Since the product is the ball and not the pump , it is highly recommended .
 I bought this ball to sit on at work . Now everyone knows I 'm on the ball . It 's good - keeps me from slouching too much , and is pretty comfy on the tuchus . I probably do n't have it inflated all the way , but I like it the way it is . The one thing I did n't love about it is that the pump thingy it comes with does n't seem all that efficient . But whatever , pump it once , and you 're done except for occasional touch-ups -LRB- pump-ups ? -RRB- . In case the sizing matters , I 'm 5 ' 10 '' and I do n't think a smaller ball would have been good . I thought about getting the 65 cm , but was deterred by the Amazon ratings .
 I bought this ball and it was really nice . It had a chart for some exercises with the ball and a band to reach the desired and right size of the ball . The bump is simple and easily attached.The size -LRB- 55 cm -RRB- fits my length -LRB- 5.1 -RRB- as recommended .
 I am very pleased with my ball . It does inflate to 75 cm even though it does n't look like it will inflate to that size . Fortunately , I have access to a compressor with an air hose , so I inflated my ball-in a few seconds to the correct size using the air hose and the piece of plastic they included as a guide . It 's perfect ! I actually deflated it just a touch so it would be softer because it is quite firm when inflated correctly . It 's also much sturdier than I expected . I use mine for back stretches , back-bend style mostly . It 's big enough to give a nice gentle stretch and I must say that my back is definitely feeling better and my posture has improved . I would definitely recommend it .
 We 've had this ball for several years and it 's worked well -LRB- ie , it has n't popped -RRB- , though it does tend to lose air and needs to be filled every now and then , but I assume that 's normal .
 this ball is the perfect size for me -LRB- i am 5 ' 6 '' -RRB- it does seem kind of thin as far as the material it is made of but it has n't popped on me yet and my boyfriend uses it who is 250 pounds
 I ordered the biggest ball I found , since I 'm tall , but I thought this one would be a tiny bit bigger , but it 's fine . It came with a pump to inflate it , it took a few minutes but was easier than expected . I 've been using the ball off and on in my office to sit at my desk . I will take the ball to the hospital to bounce on , while I 'm in labor with my baby . After that I 'll use the ball to get my abs flat again , since this is my favorite way to tone them . So there are many ways to use the ball , which I like .
 You can burn fat with this ball if you just practice every day to balance on it . First with hands & knees , than standing , next stand & squat keeping balance . Last to balance on ball with feet in the air . Jim from Jim 's Gym has a video of himself on the ball upside down with hands on the ball & feet in the air ! Totally awesome !
 This definitely does the job . The pump it came with and the measuring tape made inflation pretty fast and easy ! I have n't had to re-inflate it since -LRB- it 's been about a month -RRB- , and it 's survived my nephew jumping all over it without a problem -LRB- now he wants one for his birthday ! -RRB- .
 Well , its a sphere , inflatable , kind of bounces but not so much , comfortable to sit on . The pump could be better though .
 This exercise ball works fine . Takes a while to pump up and seems like it will explode to get it to the desired circumference but it is fine .
 Excellent exercise aid . Very durable and priced well . Previously , I had a 65 cm ball which was too large for me . Now that I have the correct size I find that I can perform core strenghtening excercises without back pain .
 This is a great addition to any exercise program . I would highly recommend to anyone that has n't used an exercise ball before to go slowly and find their sense of ballance . The product comes with some basic exercises which is a good place to start but you 'll want to find some additional ones to add to your routine . I personally love have an exercise ball around the house and I use it instead of a chair at my desk .
 I love this exercise ball . I am a small person and the size is perfect for me . This ball would be a great addition to any fitness routine because you can tailor your routine to your level . I especially enjoy giving my abs a workout with this ball !
 I paid about $ 12 for this ball and it was a great bargin for the price . I have seen similarly priced balls sell at about $ 20 . Included in the packaging is a foot pump which is very handy -LRB- this was not listed in the description when I bought the ball -RRB- . The only reason that I am giving this product a four star rating is because it has a tendency to deflate more quickly than other excercise balls I have used in the past .
 THE BALL ARRIVED ON TIME AND ALL NECESSARY EQUIPMENT WAS INCLUDED . I ` M HAVING A BALL .
 This is the second exercise ball I have boughten from Valeo . This is the best quality ball compared to other brands . It is made of very good quality rubber .
 I use this to sit at my desk because I have issues with headaches when I sit at my computer for a long time . This ball makes working so much more fun ! It 's easy to sit/bounce on while I 'm working and prevents both headaches and boredom . I 'm 5 ' 5 &#34; and bought the 65cm ball . It would be a little too large if I were actually using it to work out , but since I 'm just sitting on it , it 's fine . However , if you 're 5 ' 5 &#34; -LRB- or just nearly there -RRB- , I would recommend one size down .
 This ball works well for my stretches that my physical therapist recommended . The exercises that come with the ball are also very good .
 This was a present for mothers day . It 's great for your back . Before I gave my mother a chance I tested this on myself 220p . It did n't break !!!
 The Valeo exercise ball is a great buy . Priced better than the stores . I use it daily in my weight training exercises . Great for sit ups . At 75 cm it is almost too big . At 5 ' 10 I believe I will buy another one 55cm and a small one for situps and leg raises . The big one is great for squats against the wall or dumbell presses . The ball keeps your back straight and helps maintain balance .
 Ball appears to be made of quality material . The pump is not hard to figure out . You do have to pump for awhile to get the air in , but you are done in under ten minutes . They include a measuring tape that you put the pump through so you know what its inflated just right , which I thought was useful . I 'm 5 ' 2-5 ' 3 and the ball was a good size .
 I purchased this ball initially to do pilates on the ball . It comes with a poster that explains several exercises and stretches that you can do on the ball . Its sturdy , and is a pretty pearl color . The pump is not that great - takes a lot of time and will come out of the ball if you 're not careful , so we used a different pump . The ball itself is great and at a good price .
 Like other people I bought this ball expecting it to be 75 cm in circumference , but it did not inflate to the full size . I purchased mine brand new on ebay for much cheaper and it came in an amazon box ... . hmmm ... You might save a few $ $ if you go there -LRB- metroplextrading -RRB- . I will be trying it at my desk to help with posture and the pain of sitting at a computer for my full time job . I also plan to use it on breaks to do quick exercises . One nice feature that was included was a chart giving examples of various exercises that could be done with this ball .
 I think it is quite goodbut I have not yet seen any effect .
 I have a border collie and a 2 year old boy . Both love playing with balls . The border collie will play with the boy , but has chewed up literally hundreds of balls . We belong to a health club that has large exercise balls and our boy loves to play with them . This gave me the idea that maybe this ball would hold up to both the boy and the dog . Sure enough , the boy kicks the ball to the dog and the dog noses it back . Since the ball is too big for the dog to bite , it is holding up to thier play . The ball is taller than either the dog or the boy , so it is entertaining to watch them play catch with this big ball .
 Exactly what they described ! I love this ball . Its great when you want to get a quick stretch or a good work out . Plus you can multi task , use it as a chair at the computer and you can burn while you type!Pumping the ball up alone is a good work out .
 The Valeo Body Ball is a versatile tool for many degrees of exercise .
 It really is a way of life ... for our baby . Each night we bounce her on the ball until she falls asleep , which usually takes about 5-10 minutes . To be honest - I am not sure if our little girl would EVER sleep if it was n't for this giant blue ball.A couple of pointers - Worked great for helping our daughter through colic . In truth , this was the ONLY thing we could do to help control her crying . - Do n't decide to roll the ball down the steps . Trust me it will bounce about 8 feet in the air as it hits the last step . Glass ware beware ... - Set aside about 10-15 minutes for inflating - Comes with a list of exercises for those of you who are buying the ball for exercising and not for calming a baby.-Remember the size of the ball you buy will depend on your height.The Valeo ball has come in very handy - it serves as a pregnancy ball , exercise tool , and baby quieting device - what more could you want ? 5 Stars
 I recieved my ball not too long ago and have n't honestly used it much but from the time I HAVE used it I have concluded it 's pretty reliable.It 's large enough to sit on comfortably and no matter how much me and my 210 lb booty bounced on it it did n't pop.I do have a few slight complaints though . . First off the pump is just ridiculous.It 's a small , plastic one that looks like one of those heart pumps you see on ER.I ended up just disconnecting the tube from it and blowing it up MYSELF.Like a baloon it easily inflated within a minute or two.I think going to a local gas station with an air pump would be easier but eh I did n't feel like going at that moment.My second complaint is how easy it is to get it dirty.I do n't have a mat but even if I did im sure it 'd get dirty anyways.It 's rubbery material picks up the smallest bit of dust and makes the ball feel gritty against your skin.I ended up having to wash it off thoroughly with a rag and then had to find a huge bedsheet to spread out on the floor.Other than all that though I would still give it 4 stars .
 We ordered the 65 '' valeo ball and I thought for sure it would pop as we pumped it up but it did n't ! My husand and daughter laughed as I tried some of the exercises because they looked funny but they are actually somewhat hard to do ... they had to try them and they also had fun ... my son is also using it and the kids asked me to order two more ! I think this definately will strenthen some muscles and it 's fun to use it ... I was using it last nite while watching tv . If you 're looking for something fun to get you exercising more , this is a fun piece of equipment :-RRB- Usually I ca n't get my kids off the computer games but they 've been fighting of this exercise ball since it arrived yesterday :-RRB- Definately get one or two !
 talk about reinventing the ball , man the body ball has improved my working out routine . i used to drive to the gym without the results i wanted . now with the gas prices going up and up , i can get a better work out right at home whenever i want to . this is my second purchase because the ball is not protected against cats claws , but i will always have one in-house `` no matter '' ; i love to work out and truly enjoy core strengthing and pilates style fitness . be sure you follow the size ball chart with your height .
 I bought two of these , one to use as a chair at work and to use as a chair at home . I have used the one at work extensively and I love it . So much easier on my back now that I 'm not slouching all the time .
 After using an exercise ball -LRB- for the first time -RRB- during physical therapy treatment for back pain , I decided to buy one for home use.This Valeo ball is of the same quality as the professional brand used by therapists . It 's sturdy , stable and has the flex-factor to accomodate different body weights.Be sure to select correct cm size for your height when purchasing.The package comes with an air pump and measuring tape to ensure proper inflation.I highly recommend !
 This really is a standard inflatable exercize ball . Not being used to thinking in metric , I was unsure about the size . It is indeed large . about 2 1/2 ft in diameter . Of course it comes with a pump , two plugs and a plug remover tool .
 I have used this ball quite a bit with my Denise Richards `` Shrink Your Female Fat Zones '' video -LRB- also purchased on Amazon -RRB- and really enjoy it . It really helps with my crunches , and is easier on my back . The air pump was a little awkward , but once I got the hang of it , the pump worked fine .
 I do not regret buying this ball . It 's an excellent help in doing situps . Although I did find out once it arrived that I 'd chosen the wrong ball size for my height . The description does n't give the equivalents of ball sizes to heights . But it still works .
 Could n't find a ball this size anywhere else for the same great low price . It was a great buy very sturdy ball .
 I am 5 ' 10 '' and my husband is 6 ' 1 '' so ordered the 75cm but guess I should have ordered a size smaller as is too big for many of the exercises . Seems like good ball for the price .
 My main purpose is to use this to stretch out my abs before my intense ab workouts . I just lay on top of the ball facing up until I am like a `` bridge '' . I did not measure this ball so I am not sure if it is 75mm or 65mm but it is the RED ball that I ordered . This `` 75mm '' ball does seem smaller than the 75mm ones at the gym . This red ball could well be 65mm as others have stated here on Amazon.The ball stinks bad when you first take it out of the box to blow it up but after a while it airs out and you will be fine .
 I orgianlly ordered the white ball withut realizing that it was meant for people shorter than I am -LRB- 5 ' 9 '' -RRB- . The Amazon page for it never mentioned that different balls were for different height users . When the ball arrived the sizing was made clear on the box . So I returned it and ordered this ball -LRB- Blue , 65CM -RRB- which is meant for my height . Having used balls in my health club , but without ever noticing their size , I was surprised at how large 65 cm was . When properly inflated this ball is too large for me ; many of the exercises one does with these balls require wrapping the legs around the ball , which is difficult when it is too large . On the Amazon order page for this -LRB- blue -RRB- ball and the larger -LRB- red -RRB- ball , the size/height relationship is stated , and I do fall into the range of this 65 cm ball . But it is simply too large -- a fact you ca n't realize until you inflate it .
 At 5 ' 1 '' , this stability ball is perfect for my height Although the photo shows the ball to be a silvery color , mine is actually a pearly white , which I prefer . Working out with the ball is fun , so it makes it seem much easier . My abs and arms really felt it the next day .
 This ball should be used by people 6ft or taller . If you are shorter than 6ft reduce the size of the ball to 65cm .
 I am 6 ' 2 and use this for problems with my back . Had no problems with the ball . You do n't have to blow it up all the way and can adjust it to your required size . The pump works just fine . Better than having to go to a store and buy one seperately .
 This ball works great . I am 5 ' 4 '' and this ball is perfect for me . I have had it for a few months and I use it a lot . It 's white and surprisingly shows no signs of dirt or hard use . The rubber surface keeps you in position on the ball . A great buy .
 I work with this almost everyday . It is well made and is large enough for a tall man -LRB- 6 ' 2 -RRB- .
 It was hard for me to figure out what size would be right for me but this is pretty much a standard size for anyone . Just make sure you inflate it completely .
 I am happy with this ball because of the size for my height . I assembled it with no problem .
 There 's nothing magical about this piece of equipment - its a big , sturdy rubber ball , and what you see in the picture is exactly what you get . So why would you even want to bother messing with it?Well , despite its simplicity , its a really FUN piece of exercise equipment and an absolutely GREAT way to change things up . For instance , if you 're tired of doing sit-ups on the floor , well , try them on the ball -LRB- you 'll see what I mean when you do -RRB- . If you 're tired of doing push-ups on the floor , just try them with your feet on the ball - then see how many push-ups you can do!But be careful and use your judgement . While there 's a lot of stuff you can do with this big ball , you COULD also get hurt if you 're clowning around or trying something you 're simply not in shape to do yet . Know that this ball comes with an exercise sheet that give you suggestions for doing different exercises.All-in-all , though , its especially nice for a change of pace or for an added challenge . Additionally , many therapists use this ball for rehabilitation purposes , particularly back rehab , so there 's really a lot you can do with it . If nothing else , pull it out after a long day at the office and stretch your back out over it - wow - does that ever feel good ! Those who suffer with back pain might also be interested inTreat Your Own Spinal Stenosis . Have fun !
 We purchased this ball to assist with ab workouts ; I did my research and read tons of reviews on many other exercise balls and this was a great purchase . I probably should have gotten a smaller one since I 'm 5 ' 3 '' , but the size does not seem to be a problem because my workouts are just as effective ! My boyfriend is 5 ' 9 '' and it works perfectly for him . Although the inflating did take some time , we had no problems with the pump and the ball has maintained it 's shape and is very sturdy . I 'm very satisfied and recommend this ball !
 This was big enough to use as a chair , but I went back to the standard office chair after the novelty wore off . I use this mostly to just bend backwards and chill out . The pump that came with it was easy to use , but I think I read others had problems . Not sure why . It 's a good size -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- and I would n't want a smaller one . How much can you say about a ball ? It deflates for storage . Can be rolled out of way for those that do n't want to lift it . If you drop it , it wo n't break . Oh well , do n't take my word for it . Read yet another review about a ball to be sure .
 I love the body ball . I bought it for a specific purpose but if you are n't sure how to incorporate the body ball into your workout , it comes with a few exercises you can try . It was also reletively cheap .
 I bought and I am using as a replacement for my office chair in order to improve my posture . It has worked well thus far , although , as a warning , I 've been using for a couple weeks , and I am still not able to use for the whole day . It takes time to build up strength in your back.On sizing , I 'm 5 '11 and this ball works great -LRB- the 65cm sat too low and hips were below knees -RRB- . When you initially inflate , it wo n't be the full size . You need to sit on it and let the creases from it being packaged unfold , and then fill up with more air . It takes doing this a few times over the first week to get it to fully expand to its max size .
 I 've been using the 65 cm body ball for the past 3 months as an everyday computer chair at home . I purchased this product because I did n't want to spend 60-80 dollars on a real computer chair . I also figured , some claim it 's a very healthy alternative , so why not ? Looking at different products , I was a little confused as to what size to get . I 'm 5 '10 and 150 lbs . I 've only used the 65 cm one , so I ca n't directly compare , but I think this one fits great size-wise . It is able to be inflated to a spot where my knees are at about a 90 degree bend and my eyes are a couple inches below the top of my monitor-two important criteria for sitting in general and while using a computer.The included foot pump is kind of cheap , but it gets the job done without any problems . I aired it up twice in the first week , and have n't added any air since then . After 3 months , it could use a little air though . Also included is a ruler to measure the circumference for proper inflation . I did n't air it up all the way to where it tells you to , that seemed like entering popping territory . I 'm sure it would probably be just fine . The ball seems very stable and strong.It 's important to remember that using an exercise ball as a chair does n't magically give you great posture . You can have just as bad posture on a ball as in a normal chair . This was difficult in the first week or two ; but you get used to it . I still catch myself slouching sometimes . You might also get sore when you first start using it , too . This will go away after a week or two . Overall , I think this is a great alternative to a chair and it 's a lot more fun , as you will most likely find yourself moving or bouncing around while you use it .
 2010 - This ball lives in my living room . When we do n't feel like sitting on the floor , my husband or I will sit on it . It 's fun to bounce up & down & laugh at each other . I know I 'm supposed to use it for exercise , but I plan to bring it to work & use it to sit on . I 've heard that works your core muscles because you 're balancing all day long . I 'm hoping it will be high enough that I can still reach my keyboard & see my screen . I did n't know it came with a pump that you just step on to fill the ball with air . I really was happy to get this when it arrived & it still makes me happy every time I see it.Update 1/30/2013 - I have been sitting on this ball as my office chair at work for over 2 years now . It is the perfect height . I get teased about it sometimes -LRB- `` ca n't this company afford to buy you a real chair ? '' -RRB- but mostly people think it 's pretty cool & I get a lot of complements on it .
 I was glad I looked into the different sizes and got the size that fits my height , and I was lucky to have it in a color I like . No popping , and works great . I use it as a chair mostly , ca n't say I 've had complaints . Came with pump .
 Arrived in time and comes with a poster of exercises you can do on this ball . Pumping it up took forever ! so I took it to the garage and used the old air compressor . The little stopper does n't pop out at all . I use it on carpet and it is very stable .
 The ball is actually larger than I should have for my height , but I just do n't inflate it completely . Overall , I am very satisfied with this purchase . I recomend this exercise ball . Great quality
 This is your standard exercise ball . Make sure you get the one that is the right size for you . This ball makes a great chair or addition to your exercise routine .
 The ball is great once you blow it up.The pump that comes with the ball is nearly 100 % useless . I went to the gas station and blew up it no sweat ! If you have an air compressor at your home it should be a breeze ...
 You can blow the ball up bigger than it looks like it can hold . USE THE MEASURING TAPE -- it 's okay ! :-RRB- It wo n't work well if it 's softer than it should be . Good buy -- cheap , ships fast , works well . The air pump , the measuring tape and an exercise chart are included .
 came with a foot pump that was easy to use -LRB- although i felt a little ridiculous standing there pumping this thing -RRB- but it did come with a blue ribbon/string thing that i still do n't know its use but i guess you can attach it to the ball for some kind of exercise ? who knows . but its great ! especially for the price
 the ball arrived as promised , just a little hard to inflate for me so I asked a family member to help . I am looking forward to using it .
 I got this ball because I did n't want to sit on my couch anymore because it made me feel lazy . Now I sit on the ball or I stand around to watch TV . I think it 's awesome because no matter what , I 'm always moving around , even when I 'm not working out . The ball comes with an instruction manual for exercising and I 've used it quite a bit for that but mainly for just sitting around when I 'm tired . The pump it comes with is n't that great but I had a bike pump that DID work well so it did n't matter much to me . Overall , I love it .
 The pump feels cheap . It accomplishes the job , but poorly , and I doubt it will last for more than 2-3 uses.Great ball . It does have a residue -LRB- like a lot of rubber like things when bought -RRB- . I can be cleaned afterwards . After I was done suffering with the pump , the ball has stayed inflated for a few weeks now.I used it as office chair replacement about 1hr a day , and has worked so far for that purpose .
 Very good one
 I bought this ball for my wife when she became pregnant . It really helped relieve the stress on her back . Even after giving birth to our baby , my wife still uses the ball because it helps her back . The only minor negative is that it takes some effort to blow this ball up .
 It 's a rubber ball . It 's an inflatable rubber ball ? Yes . 75cm in diameter ? Yes . The right color ? Yes . Is it fun -LRB- for the rest of the family -RRB- and useful to exercise ? Yes.Five stars !
 I love this ball ! I find that I have to pump it back up after a month or so , but maybe it 's just how it 's supposed to work ? I really enjoy this ball paired with Gaiam 's Balance Ball DVD . Great workout for the core !
 The ball works well and the included measuring tape and basic exercise chart are nice added touches , but the included pump sucks . It broke after my first use ! A bicycle pump would probably make a nice replacement , but I 'm rather disappointed by that kind of shoddy workmanship .
 I bought this ball to use as a replacement chair for work . The normal work chairs are n't very comfortable.The ball itself is well constructed . The plastic is thick and I do n't have to worry about it getting punctured . The only problem I have with the ball is can become a static cling and everything sticks to it.The device that came with the ball to blow it up is a nuisance . If I had an actual air-pump at work , I would have used that instead . It takes forever to blow up a 75cm ball with the included pump . It also made this high-pitch whine from the air passing into the ball . After I was done blowing the ball up after I got it , the tube that you use between the ball and the pump broke . Needless to say , the quality is n't the greatest.However , the ball gets the job done and the price is fair .
 Is a professional quality ball , works good . It comes with a pump and a sizing band so you can and know how to properly inflate it -LRB- which by the way was also a good cardio exercise . -RRB-
 Este producto es uno de los mejores para fisoterapia . Yo me lastime mi cintura y hoy estoy muy bien gracias a los ejercicios que hice con este producto lo recomiendo 1000 % .
 Great for morning exercising . Light enough for abs and legs , yet heavy enough for arm work .
 This exercise ball was easy to inflate and easy to use . It helps to do crunches without any strain on the back.I enjoy exercising everyday .
 This product lived up to its pr . It was a little harder to inflate than stated on the pkg -LRB- I needed a second person and a motorized pump -RRB- - but its size is good and it does everything I need it to . It 's not exactly a rocket science thing - but it 's a good product and what I anticipated
 It took me a while to figure out which size I needed -LRB- 55cm is good for my 5 `` 4 frame , anything bigger is too much -RRB- , but this balance works great ! Very sturdy , durable , good color , I have nothing negative to say .
 The air pump nozzle that you insert into the ball was cracked and had to be taped about 2 minutes into the inflation process . The air pump that you press to inflate also cracked down the center where there is a plastic seam and had to be taped . The inflation process was a workout on its own . The ball is huge . It doesnt fit through doorways without a little struggle and pushing and pulling . I am 5 foot 6 and this ball is WAY to big for me . I already fell off of it . I am enjoying it except it is just way too big . I would 've gotten the smaller one or even the smallest one if I realized that this one was for really tall people . My feet dont reach the ground for some exercises . My arms dont reach for others . I still love it and have been having fun just playing and stretching on it.All in all , its great . It would have been easier and faster to blow this up like a pool intertube . The pump sucked and was a piece of junk.Get a smaller one if you arnt some 7 ft tall person .
 The ball is the perfect size I wanted , blowing it up was kinda hard at first then I finally got it ! And I love it ! It also came with workout exercises .
 Bought this to help out my core . I am using it for a few different exercises as well as my chair for my work computer ... works great .
 It seems to be getting a little better as time goes on , but when I first got this , the ball was very slippery ! I have rolled it around in the dust since then and used a towel over the ball for better grip and now the ball behaves a little bit better . Very bouncy ! Easy to inflate with included pump .
 the product itself has a problem
 Seems very sturdy . It works well and has given me no problems holding air . I am 5 '10 so I got the larger one . For me , the larger bals work better .
 I 'm an avid cyclist and general mover & shaker , but just sitting on this ball for long periods of time will make my core burn slightly . I was quite surprised by this!I did not inflate the ball as large as the strap that comes with it so that I could fit under my desk while I sat on it , and even with it not inflated all the way , I am still enjoying this and getting a great workout . The poster that came with the ball has some good workouts on it and I 've enjoyed just stretching with it and trying to balance on it . Sit ups are much more challenging on this than normal and with very little stress on my back.I highly recommend a body ball for anyone looking for just a bit extra in their routine , or a low-impact workout for someone just getting into exercising for the first time in their life .
 Valeo Body Ball arrived on time . Package was complete with exercise chart , inflator device and decent instructions . the ball is being used versus a chair to strengthen core stomach muscles . 8-14 hour days on the ball have been very different from relying on the chair for support . It functions as designed and I have bought a second , smaller one also .
 This ball is exactly what to be suspected . It is easy to use and the exercise poster that comes with it is convenient . It easily held my weight . It smelled a tiny bit coming out of the bag but the smell went away quickly.I would buy one again .
 This ball is exactly what to be suspected . It is easy to use and the exercise poster that comes with it is convenient . It easily held my weight . It smelled a tiny bit coming out of the bag but the smell went away quickly.I would buy one again .
 It looks so easy in the video 's and on TV . I am learning how to balance and get some endurance to continue . Great for the purpose it was intended .
 exactly what you expect
 The Valeo Body Ball arrived in perfect condition . The purchase was easy , delivery was acceptable and am very happy , thanks .
 I ordered this ball after my physician said he uses one , and that my physical therapy would benefit using some of the exercises with the ball . And it has ! I am a larger size woman , and this ball can take me sitting on it , and rotating my axis points back and forth . I 'm pleased with it , and will start following the included poster of exercises next .
 This exercise ball is of good quality and perfect for it 's designed purpose . I was less thrilled with the pump that it comes with to fill the ball - it 's a very small pump , so you spend a lot of time either stepping on the pump or squeezing it . It also has some connection issues with the tube you connect to the pump - it fits snugly -LRB- no leaking -RRB- but tends to fall out a lot , especially since you 're pumping a lot to fill it up . But I suppose you only really need to fill the ball every once in awhile , so its not that much of a deal breaker .
 Exactly what it says it is . I use mine as a chair and for exercise .
 I bought this to stretch the muscles in my back . It seems to be doing the trick . I have problems with tight back muscles .
 No problems . easy to use . has n't popped , and helps strengthen and stretch . I would recommend NOT having a required number of words to write a review . Sometimes less words are better !
 I am using the ball for pregnancy and sit on it 30 minutes a day as part of exercise . It arrived fast and is comfortable to sit on . But it is way better to inflate with an air pump rather than the hand pump which will take all day !
 I use this ball for my 4 month old baby and it does the job great . No complaints at this point .
 Great ball , sit on it at work , do n't actually use it for working out , i used a compressor to blow it up , may take you a long time with that little pump , the tape measure to get the ball the right size was perfect , i might not have put enough air in otherwise . There is not much else to say , it is what it is .
 We bought this because we had seen a similar product for sitting on and bouncing a fussy baby . This was cheaper and works great . My husband also uses it for working out , and he 's happy with the results -LRB- so am I -RRB- . The bigger kids also love it for playing with ... it 's a very popular item in our house right now . I recommend it !
 I like this ball . My boyfriend and I use it everyday . The only negative quality is that we need to pump it up every few months . I would still recommend it though .
 This ball measures to be 72 inches once blown up , which is just about the same size as the one at the gym - cool ! I was n't aware , however , that there are differing size balls for people of differing heights . This one is for about 6 foot tall people . It 's rather large for certain excercises since I 'm 5 ' 4 '' but I 'm still happy with the purchase overall .
 This is a great exercise ball and fits my needs exactly at a good price .
 Product : After much research , I figured out that this ball is suitable for my height . The ball is blue and shiny as it shows in the picture . The ball comes with a small pump which is not a cycle pump , but a simple small accordian style pump that you can put between your hands like a sandwich and press . The initial inflation takes long time though and it can get tiring . I tried the pump with my foot , and it worked too , so overall not much to complain about the pump.The ball came with a measuring tape and instructions . THe instructions are not the best I have seen but do a decent job . I took one star off because the ball came with a wrong size measuring tape . The instructions state that the measuring tape must be the same color as the ball , and it was not . I even measured it after inflating the ball , and it was apparent that the tape was for a 75 cm ball . In case you are wondering , the tape is to be put around the ball and serves as a device to avoid over inflation and bursting the ball . I have been using guesswork to inflate the ball.I do feel that this ball is slightly smaller than 65cm , but because I do not have the correct measuring tape , I might not be inflating it as much.In general , I like the ball and it appears to be of good quality . I wish they had other colors for this size , but apparently I could not find a different color for 65cm that was made by Valeo.Amazon specific : I got this ball from Amazon with prime shipping . The item arrived promptly and was packaged nicely . Good job Amazon .
 I absolutly love this ball . A friend of mine is a physical therapist , and she recommended me to use the valeo ball to alleviate some of my lower back pain . It works wonders !!!
 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because I do n't like the texture once it 's blown up . If you 're using it for abs and you 're not positioned correctly , you tend to slip off ... I guess it makes for a tougher workout . Given the choice , I 'd buy it again ...
 Good product . It does what it is meant to , but I am 5 ' 11 '' and it is a perfect size for me . It is advertised as for people much taller then me . This would be much too small for them . Only complaint is that when you use the pump to inflate it , it makes a really high pitch noise . But that is only minor because it really does not take long to blow up .
 It works well . Its good for a chair which is what I bought it for . The tape it comes with was too big . It never got tight around the ball .
 I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and I think the ball is too big for me . I 'm scared to do the exercises where I need to lay across the ball . Otherwise I love doing exercises on the ball .
 I have been working out using a ball since the birth of my daughter almost two years ago . What I did n't realize was that I was using the wrong size . I am 6 ' 0 '' tall and have been using the smaller sized ball the whole time . At any rate , I ordered this one , and am VERY pleased . It gives a great workout and seems to hold air quite well . . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is that pumping it such a pain ! I worked on it , and my husband and son both stepped in and it still took forever . . But , as far as that goes , it ca n't really be helped . . Overall , it is a great product !
 Make sure you get the right size ! Remmeber that the actual size will be lower once you sit on it . This ball comes with clear instructions and a punp which is great !
 Ball with pump is good . The pump does take a while to inflate the ball but it serves the purpose . Seems sturdy so far . One of the best prices out there escpecially with the pump you cant ' go wrong .
 This is the third ball that I 've ordered from Amazon , and your company has their act together ! The price is right , and the service exceptional ! You are batting 100 % on every order over the last year ! Keep up the excellent customer service.Thank you .
 These body balls are `` it '' ! I 'll tell you what , I lost weight in just a couple of days . Before I was overweight and now I am not ! Listen to this . . I bought 3 balls -- one for each arm . When I am not working out , I am sitting ! And let me tell you something , YOU BURN CALORIES JUST FROM SITTING ON THE BALL !! You can be watching TV , or doing whatever . . But just from sitting on the ball and using the energy to stabilize yourself you 're getting an abdominal region work out and better back posture ! Do what I did , Get rid of the needles ! Get rid of the couch ! Get a body ball ! Your body deserves it !
 Everything arrived in great shape , even a free pump - does n't get much better than this ! AAA Ebayer ...
 The helmet is very nice . . I did n't realize it was for display only when I ordered it . Still looked like the real thing that is in the Chargers store . Fast shipper !
 It was a well made item so well made less than a week of displaying on my vehicle it was stolen . Thank you anyway for making a good product !
 With the interest in the Denver Broncos and not living in Colorado , my wife wanted the Bronco symbol . I told her I would order it from Amazon , she laughed and then was astounded to have it in hand two days later . It is proudly displayed on our fridge right now .
 We all enjoy this magnet , but it is NOT a set of two . I found the description ambiguous and was fully expecting TWO magnets . So , a bit disappointed in that , especially after paying $ 8 in shipping . . ha !
 I have purchased two of these chairs . I originally bought one for myself and loved it . I bought one for my daughter recently as well . The nice thing about this chair , is its ability to be used with both a contoured tractor seat and a conventional web seat . The seat fits best on a tractor seat if the stiffeners are removed . It would be nice to have a snap down strap on the back of the chair connected to the bottom front . This could be used to fold and hold down the seat during portaging . The upright seat back blocks your view during portages . The straps can be pulled tight to gain this effect , but requires a repositioning of the seat back at the end of the portage .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 I purchased this chair to do some extended fishing trips . The chairs are easy to set up and use . The only complaint that I have , is that the back straps need to be adjusted after some use . However , I would rather adjust than have a broken seat , which was prevalent with other designs . Great product : -RRB-
 The only thing I would do differently is to add a stiffener panel to the back support , especially in the lumbar region . I 'll probably modify mine to accept a removable lumbar panel . Actually , you might be able to get away with simply placing a rigid panel of wood or hard plastic in the storage pouch on the rear of the seat back . It depends on how much support an individual needs . Otherwise , it 's a comfortable , well built seat .
 I first used a Crazy Creek canoe chair while canoeing in the BWCA . They are light weight , durable , and a real pleasure when sitting around the fire in the backcountry . I like to lean mine back against a Duluth pack , tree , log , etc.Their are many imitations on the market , but I have not yet found one with the same features , and durability of those made by Crazy Creek .
 I 've used a canoe seat with a rigid frame and had a problem with the frame not fitting in the back of the canoe . This canoe seat provides good support and will also be flexible enough to fit in tight spaces . It 's light and easy to attach to the canoe seat . A good simple solution .
 The Recipient loved it . I heard that the recipient was already wearing it and it fit and he liked it .
 I bought this , at the last minute , for my husband 's Christmas present and I was worried that it would n't get here in time , but it came faster than I expected and he loved it !
 So impressed with the ravens car magnets and the quick delivery time ! Also like the right and left version . Both are facing forward . ! Just like the ravens ! Thanks again ! And thanks ravens for a great year ! Now win the Super Bowl . !!!
 I put this on my refrigerator . It makes me happy ! Great for fans . Bad for Bears fans . We love the Packers
 It looks great no matter where you attatched it . A must buy for a true fan that is actually worth the price . I now have three of them and plan on getting three more .
 I ordered this lamp and love it . It was awesome . It even came with its own cfl light bulb . Came on time and box was not damaged at all .
 Love this mat . I was impressed at the size of the mat and thickness when I first received it . The price was competitive and the quality is very good . We use it for placing guns on when we are cleaning them or to place our guns on when we go shooting . Keeps them clean and away from dirty areas on the table we use as our set up area . Big enough that we can set up 3 handguns on it at once.We just wipe it off with a damp paper towel or baby wipe and then wipe dry .
 Does the job . Protects from any solvent spills and absorbs right into the mat without going through it . I cleaned my guns right in the living room without worrying about soaking through onto the carpet or making a mess in the house .
 There 's not much to say . If you know what you 're looking for , this mat is great . Big enough for the tools in our home ; and easy to store .
 not much you can say about this ... . it is a nice matt , little small for cleaning a kitted out M4 but does the job well ! nice smooth surface that will not scratch or dull your weapon .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 I purchased this flag with a bunch of other favorite NFL team flags -LRB- Dolphins , Green Bay -RRB- . It turns out to be a nice flag . I just wished Amazon sold a traditional Ravens flag with just the bird on it . Still nice . I 've posted a picture of it .
 my boyfriend loved it ! , i ordered this just a few short days before christmas , and it got here fast . . i was very impressed . its great !
 I have the Nikon 7218 Action 10 X 50mm Binoculars and this tripod adapter works perfectly for it . It 's easy to connect , adjust , and mount onto my tripod .
 This L-shape metal piece came as a pleasant surprise . The tripod adapter fits right into where the front screw that holds the two tubes together . Once installed , I leave the adapter on permanently so I can use the binocular without mounting on a tripod for general viewing , and only mount the binocular on the tripod when viewing the stars at night . In summary , this simple solution does work , and work every well . -LRB- It so simple , so it seemed to be overpriced -- however this is not really a complaint . -RRB-
 The item pictured is the Nikon Universal Adapter . I ordered it and received a Nikon Adapter . A simple L-bracket with two threaded holes for the tripod and a captive bolt with thumb wheel for the binoculars . Curiously , it was what I was shopping for so I was satisfied and did n't return the item . It does its job but is over priced so four stars .
 Looks good . It is exactly as the picture shows . It should look great wherever you decide to hang it .
 just as described happy with purchase recommended i need more words to make t his review save so i am just typing this
 These fins are high quality . I got mine about 4 years ago and they dint sell them in the us back then you had to order them from Australia for double the price they are now . They hold up well true the test of time not getting loose over time or cracking from the salt water still good as new as the day I got them and they do n't scratch they will feel heavier than other fins but thatss because they are better made , its something you get use to they even have a channel on the sides so that looks like a V. if you open your legs in the water you will actually be going forward because the V catches the water it helps with steering at high speeds .
 As a sports photographer , a seat like this can be a lifesaver when sitting on the baseline of a basketball court . I 've gone through countless versions of this type of chair , but this one is comfortable and appears to have solid build quality .
 This is a reliable and durable watch . I purchased mine in 1999 and it is still giving me good service . I took advantage of the St. Moritz factory service/warranty extension in 2004 and plan to do so again soon . For a watch of this class , the factory service is well worth the cost to be sure the 100 m depth water resistance is maintained .
 This lamp looks much better in person than on line . I am so pleased . It was a present to my husband , and he loves it .
 We purchased this item to use as an outdoor application for our outside dogs . We needed a way to keep our dogs supplied with plenty of fresh drinking water and not have to worry about it freezing during winter months.In order to install this outside the following modifications were necessary : The line that comes with the package is not sufficient for hooking up to a standard water hose connection . You will need to purchase an adapter to hook this up to an outside water spicket . We replaced the hose that comes with the package with a steel braided water line so that the line does not swell and break during the summer months.Additionally , we added a heat strip to the water supply line that runs from the faucet to the waterer and wrapped both of these in heavy line insulation to insure that the water supply line and spicket would not freeze.The electrical cord supplied did not come with a male plug . You will have to add a male connector to the end of the short electrical cord supplied or hardwire the electrical connection.The instructions do suggest that you add a water filter to reduce sediment or deposits forming on the valve . Instructions are a little vague and need to have an illustrated part breakdown with part numbers to order replacement parts for repair . Might not be a bad idea to also include the idea to insulate the water supply line so it does n't freeze.Like that it is easy to clean . You unscrew a cap below the water bowl & let it drain . It may have been nice to have a bowl drain with a standard hose connection to route the water outdoors or away from the area . This might be important if this was used in a barn application for horses . However , a bucket would work just fine.Our dogs have taken right to the waterer . It got down below freezing last night . Went out early this morning and the waterer was working great ! Stuck my finger in the water and it was lukewarm temperature.This product is a little pricey but worth the money in piece of mind that our dogs have a constant supply of fresh water . Believe it will be one of the products that we wonder how we got along without !
 It is always nice to know that you are providing the safest environment possible if you are a pool owner will small animals .
 We purchased the skamp ramp approximately four years ago and have two yorkies who are approximately 6 pounds each . They use it to get in and out of our above ground pool and has given us sense of security in the event they fall in when we are not home . It is secured to the pool deck and it just was n't a big deal that it had to be secured to the deck . Based on other reviews it may not be as effective for a large dog but has worked well for our small dogs .
 We love this ! My little yorkie ca n't get out of our above ground pool by the stairs , his legs are too short . He walks right our with this ramp ! And I 've been trying to get my 22 lb cockapoo to jump in and swim and he would n't do it before . Now he starts to walk down the ramp & then jumps in ! And then swims to the stairs & gets himself out ! We love it ! We 're having a blast !
 We used to have a scamper ramp , so when we ordered this one we thought it would be the same . We were delighted to find a stronger made ramp ... so we were very happy to have ordered this .
 Since we installed the Skamper Ramp we have n't come home to anymore suprise visitors floating in the pool skimmer basket . We actually had a frog using it as a beach for a few days until we brought him to a river about a mile from the house . Ca n't imagine not having one of these to save lives , it 's great .
 I have used these wacky crawlers for several years on every type of fresh water fish and they have yet to dissapoint me . Even when the trout fishermen in the Teton Mtn.range were showing off their fancy fly equipment they were taken back by my wacky crawlers . I 've won two bass tournaments with the silly things to the surprise of those who fish with me . Best of all they are guilt free when you lose one as they are eco friendly . They do n't come cheap but they work I just ordered another twelve packs . Hope you have as much luck as I do it 's really fun to catch fish every time I go out . By the way pumpkinseed has worked best for me in all shades of water .
 This jump rope is great and it is adjustable . You also cant beat this price .
 this jump rope is excellent . i use mine almost everyday , only problem is hard to change the rope to make it smaller . other than that its very affordable and good quality
 Great price , and it seems durable . I 'm not convinced that the rope length is adjustable as advertised , but it 's still a good deal .
 Well When I did boxing I used jump ropes quite a bit but have n't since and well this one is just as good as the one they had there . It 's quite long so you 'll have to most likely use it outside . I ca n't adjust it and I do n't know truly if it can but it definitely deserves a 4/5 It does the job I do n't understand the difference between this one of any other .
 Jump rope is amazing and provides a good workout that is fun . I 'm about 6 foot and the rope was a little too long . It was rather easy to alter the size . You just need to cut the rope at one of the ends and use pliers to re-lock the rope . You 'll see what I mean when you order . I use every other day as a warm up before the gym . Its comfortable on the hands and is easy to use . I would recommend for beginners and experts .
 I 'm very happy with the rope , despite other reviews it is very easy to change the length .
 I saw a few complaints about adjusting the length of this rope . However , I had no issues pulling the caps off the end of the handles and did so by hand . Then I measured the length I needed - to measure a jump rope correctly , stand on the middle of the rope with both feet . The ends should come up to your armpits . There were two extra crimp bands included , so I just cut off the extra length , used a pair of small pliers to crimp the new band in place , and put the cap back on . I recommend you use a rubber band wrapped around where you think you need the crimp band first , try jumping with it for a few rotations , then put the crimp band on where the rubber band was . Too easy .
 Yes , it 's a decent speed rope for the money and yes , it 's extremely frustrating to adjust . For me , the problem was n't so much in getting the metal cap off -LRB- easily done with a simple , sturdy flathead screwdriver pinned in the center of the tab -RRB- nor was it in actually adjusting the length of the rope . The problem was in getting the tab back in the handle . The cylindrical metal tab has to be snug in the handle lest it fly off during your excercise , but OH MYYY !!! , getting it back in requires an incredible and equal amount of pressure on all sides at the same time . I spent almost an hour before I finally got lucky and was able to push it back in . Good luck !! As for the review concerning knots , I can see how they might prove to be cumbersome with the hindering of the motion of the rope . However , I 'm not sure why anyone would want to tie knots in the first place . Just cut away the excess rope.Now that my frustration is gone and my rope is fixed , it does a great job .
 I have to agree with the other reviewers here - it 's a great speed rope , but it 's not easily adjustable . You have to remove a cap , tie a knot around the ends , then slide it back in . Fortunately , I 'm 6 ' 1 '' , so I did n't need to adjust the rope ! Not long enough for people taller than 6 ' 3 '' in my opinion .
 OK , the first point is
 I read some of the reviews about the valeo jump rope . I should say complaints , because of the difficulty to adjust and cut and pop the top or whatever . I do n't know what these people were talking about . It was simple and easy to push the rope up through the handle to make the button on the top of the handle pop off . Then you measure the tube , cut and tie . And then of course jump rope . It 's great exercise that you feel , and notice right away .
 I have n't owned a speed rope in years , so I am unable to compare/contrast this rope with others on the market . My only complaint is regarding the adjustment . In order to shorten the length , it looks like I 'll need a set of pliers to remove the metal collar that is crimped onto each end of the rope . Otherwise , the rope seems sound .
 I jump an hour a day indoors , so I tend to go through ropes very quickly . I 've had speed ropes snap , beaded ropes come undone at the handle , and even leather ropes wear out and break . The shelf life for a rope for me is only a few weeks , and it is very frustrating.Skeptically , I bought 4 Valeo ropes for around $ 5 apiece hoping they would last a while . Amazingly , it 's been a month , I 'm still on my first one , and I see no wear and tear on it . At the 2 week mark , the rivet popped off , but it was due to me not fastening it tightly enough when I first adjusted the length . It took 5 minutes to fix.Aside from its durability , I find it rather easy to adjust the height as well . All it requires is a flathead screwdriver to pop off the cap , a razor to trim the rope to desired length , and some pliers to secure the rivet.Overall , the best rope I 've bought in awhile . Since they were so cheap , I also have 3 more waiting in the wings ...
 As a runner always looking for ways to maintain my fitness level during the dark winter months of New England , I decided to get back into rope jumping . For a while I used various types of rope I had lying around , mostly retired dock lines and such from our sailboat . The jumping was going well , so I ordered a real jump rope with handles , ball-bearings , and a plastic coated steel `` rope '' that I thought would last forever . It did n't ! The plastic quickly wore through right at the center of the rope , drastically changing the flexibility at that point . With the rest of the rope being relatively stiff , that pretty much ruined the experience.I then ordered a Valeo Speed Jump Rope . Bingo ! It has everything I 've been looking for in a jump rope - cushioned handles with just the right length and diameter , ball bearings for fast turnover , and a rope material that is both flexible and durable . Plus you can adjust the length for a custom fit.If you 're looking for a fun way to keep those fast-twitch leg muscles in tune while adding some aerobics to your program , and at an exceptionally low cost , this is it .
 Overall , I am quite satisfied with this rope . I like that it is unweighted -- it forces one to jump a little faster to get a good rhythm going . I love the ball bearings in the handles that keep the rope swinging smoothly.There was , for me at least , one issue with the rope immediately after I received it . I took it out of its package to try to determine how to shorten it so I would n't kill myself when I began to jump . I looked it over , set it down , and peered at the package to try to get some idea . No instructions , no directions , nothing . After a few more minutes -LRB- yes , I can be really , really slow -RRB- I at least was able to determine how to take apart the rope and discovered that the rope is held in place inside the handles with metal rivets -LRB- sort of -RRB- . So , tools were required to shorten the rope . Not only the usual knife for cutting the rope , but pliers -LRB- ! -RRB- to loosen and then re-tighten the rivet lower on the rope . Once I was able to locate my pliers -LRB- something I rarely use -RRB- , I successfully managed to cut a length off and reattach the rivet . From there , I was able to jump to my heart 's content.I can not speak for sturdiness of the rope , as I have only had it for a few weeks . I can say , however , that it looks like it will withstand heavy use.I would certainly recommend this rope to anyone who needs one -- for the price and the perks , it is worth every penny .
 I do n't have a ton of experience with them but use the at CrossFit . This one is comparable to any that I 've used in the gym . Very satisfied . It goes around in circles . What more can you ask for ?
 UPDATE
 Great rope for fast training but the only way to adjust it is to slip it out of the handle and cut it cause if you try to tie a knot and stuff it inside the handle , it will jam itself and the bearings wont properly turn , tangling the rope constantly . I 'm 5 '11 with shoes on and the rope is a good size for me out of the box but it slaps the heck out of my right arm every time i trip over it . By the end of 30 minute training my right arm looks like someone beat me with a whip .
 I got this rope based on the positive reviews and the price -LRB- fairly inexpensive -RRB- . So far , it has met my expectations without fail . I did n't have any of the problems with adjusting the rope length . I 'm 6 ' tall and needed to remove a good 6 '' or so to achieve the correct length . The end caps of both handles were removed easily and the rope could be pushed through the ends of the handles without difficulty . I trimmed the end , replaced the locking ferrule and am now good to go . The rope turns easily and works well . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the rope seems to get chewed up pretty easily when using it on the road , but this has n't adversely affected the usability of the jump rope . I 'll just have to see how it holds up after more abuse . Overall , I 'm quite pleased with this purchase .
 I got this rope so I could use it for exercise , as well as to play with my kids outside . It 's perfect . Although hurts like heck when you hit your ankle with it . LOL But it 's excellent and I highly recommend it . The only drawback to this rope is it holds its shape from shipping ...
 When I got this rope , I was skeptical that it would difficult to adjust the length after reading the reviews . Imagine my surprise when I adjusted it within about a minute and a half . You simply pop the little black caps off the end of each handle -LRB- I was able to do this with my fingers , and I bite my nails -RRB- , then knot the rope to the desired length , and put the caps back on . I 've had this rope for a few weeks and it 's been working great . Awesome rope for an awesome price . I ca n't fathom what other people found difficult about adjusting the rope , unless for some reason they got a different model .
 I 'd definitely dock some points if I had to make any adjustments to the length of the rope , as I do n't see how that would be easily done , but these fit me perfectly -LRB- I 'm about 5 ' 10.5 with average wingspan for reference -RRB- . Durability is pretty solid -- a friend who I workout with had his jump rope handles snap on a similarly priced pair within only a few uses , and these are still going strong for me .
 This is the best rope for money and very easy to adjust . I read through some of the reviews where many complained about the complexity of adjustment and use of pliers etc. . It does n't need all that . I was just able to pop out the black cap at the back and pull out the wire , adjust the length and just fold & put the wire back along with closing the back cap . It was all done in 1 or 2 minutes together on both handles . It is very very easy and the best rope for the money we pay .
 This is a good speed rope that has really helped me to get back in shape . Love that this thing is portable and I can take it anywhere I need to go . Have been working out on the roof , which have been a great experience . How many pieces of home gym equipment can you do that with ?
 Good jump rope for a cheap price . I find this to be a good way to incorporate a different type of aerobic exercise into your routine.Made of durable rubber and will last you a long time . Comes with adjustable 10 inch length , Molded handles with foam grips and sealed ball bearings for even rotation.Good for keeping fit and very fun to use . Highly recommended .
 You can jumprope ! This is a durable jump rope , worth the money for its sturdy construction that does not add extra weight . Weighted jump ropes are great when needed , but when not , this works just fine . It 's pretty long , to accommodate even the tallest of jumpers , but works just as well for anyone .
 This jump rope is perfect only except it is not easy to adjust the length of the rope . Cuz I am not tall but the rope is kind of long to me . It took me some time to change the length .
 I had no idea how to adjust this speed rope until I read the reviews here . I pried off the silver end cap of the handle with a flat head screwdriver , I sliced off the extra part of the jump rope with a pruning shears , and with a tack hammer a whacked that baby back on . Adjusting is a pain , but I 'm guessing you 're only going to adjust it once , and when that 's all over you wo n't think about it again.The grip on this rope is great for me . Now someone who has sweatier hands may disagree . Otherwise this is a speed rope , works fine , does its job , no dissertation is necessary .
 I jump rope for exercise , and the Valeo Speed Jump Rope works very well , much better than the soft rope I had before . The Valeo was a little long for my height -LRB- 5 ' 11 '' -RRB- , but I had no trouble adjusting the length . Just pop the cap , move the retaining clip down with a pair of pliers , and cut off the excess .
 This item is easy to adjust . Just remove the back Black Button and pull the Rubber and then Knot or cut to your appropriate size . That 's it . It adjusted to smaller size . Hope it helps .
 This is a very nice rope , especially for the price , if you are looking for a ball-bearing speed rope . It has just the right weight for fast jumpingAlthough there are no instructions for adjustment , I found it easy to adjust this rope . Just pull the end cap off of the handle -LRB- I used a thin dime as a tool to pry it out -RRB- , push the rope through the handle and tie a simple overhand knot in the rope where ever you like . Push the knot back into the handle and test the rope for length . -LRB- I 'm short so I did this on both sides -RRB- . Then trim the excess rope and pop the caps back onto the handles .
 I needed to buy a new jump rope after my old leather one broke at the handle . I decided to go with a speed rope because I have a Valeo workout ball that has lasted the last couple years for me . The jump rope is a lot faster than a leather one , and the first couple times i used it my arms took a beating from the plastic rope . Once I got used to it though it greatly improved my cardio workout . I use it outside on my concrete patio and it 's shown a little bit of wear at the point of contact with the ground , but for the price , I can deal with it .
 There are better jump ropes with leather ropes and ball bearings in the handles but if your useing this as part of a regular exercise routine it 's great and so is n't the price .
 Seems like it will last , just do n't jump rope on cement or asphalt it will eat up the ` rope ' part .
 Very pleased with the jump rope its light , strong , and the best part is you can adjust the length through the handle .
 I was really impressed with the quality of this jump rope given the low price tag . It 's very easy to resize -LRB- I 'm not sure why other people were having such a hard time ... it took me 1 minute -RRB- . The handles swivle so it never gets kinks , the handles have a nice grip that never slips out of your hand or gets sweaty -LRB- it 's breathable -RRB- , and the rope itself has a nice weight to it . I already bought another for a friend I liked mine so much !
 This was what I needed and wanted - a simple , light jump rope . I anticipated having to struggle to shorten the rope -LRB- as per other reviews -RRB- , but it really could n't have been easier , so maybe the manufacturer has improved the product . Or maybe I lucked out . Either way , it was a great buy .
 Ball bearings spin very fast . One side spins better than the other , so I squirted both sides with WD-40 . Now they both spin faster , but one side still spins faster than the other . rope is pretty durable . I jump on concrete and wear out ropes pretty fast . Rope has just enough weight to make it spin faster . Wish the handles were weighted , though.Grips are short , but my hands are small -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' / 135lbs -RRB- . Bigger guys might have a problem . handles also have a little indentation were you can grip them between your thumb and forefinger and it 's a perfect fit for me . Foam padding is 107mm long.A warning about the length adjustment
 Not really much to say about it . It does it 's job quite well . Over the last few months of using it I 've gotten quite quick with it -LRB- it certainly was n't speedy when I started haha , but it has the ability once you get used to jumping rope -RRB- . I use this thing everyday on concrete and it has held up quite well ; light scrapes from hitting the ground , but nothing that makes me think it 's going to stop working anytime soon.I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and it 's the perfect size for me , so I ca n't comment on the adjustability of it like others have , so if you 're a shorter person , listen to the other reviews that talk about it.In the end , well worth the low price .
 I do n't know what all the fuss is on the adjustment . Not even three minutes with the correct tools . Measure the ends to your armpits and piece it back together again . I 'd suggest a very flat screwdriver , and two pairs of pliers to do this quickly . Additionally , the instructions for the adjustment are on the packaging !
 The jump rope shipped very fast and worked very well . Until it broke about two months after I bought it . The rope part just broke in half while I was using it . I do n't think this rope is suited for jumping on rough surfaces like concrete .
 Well built , but difficult to adjust . Thankfully , you should only need to do this once . You 'll essentially have to bend a crimped metal fastener enough to allow the rubber robe to be removed , and then crimp it back on . Sounds easy , but will require some fiddling .
 I 'm not the most experienced &#34; roper &#34; but this jump rope is of great quality , with soft and comfortable handles . The rope itself takes a bit to relax the bends out after removing from packaging but once its broken in , its fine . The bearings dont allow for any tangling which is very nice .
 I 'm new to jumproping , so me reviewing this product after a few weeks of use might be no good to anyone , but it seems to do well . The rope is resisting stretching out when I accidently step on it , the handles are comfortable to hold . I mean , its a jumprope , are there more ways to assess it than either ` yep it sure is a jumprope ' or ` no its actually not a jumprope ' ? I would n't be the one to tell you . I was tempted to take another star off for hittimg myself in the face with it the first time I tried to use it , but its unfair to blame that on the jumprope I guess .
 Do n't believe the other reviews , the rope 's length was extremely easy to adjust . The end cap screwed right off , and I used a rubber band to temporarily hold the rope at my desired length so I could test it before crimping & cutting . The grips are well-molded to fit your hand . The rope itself did n't display any of this nonsense about staying sort of coiled-up . The rope is just heavy enough that it all straightens out just fine as soon as you use it for a couple of minutes . Excellent product for the price .
 This jump rope was great to have and a great start to me exercising . although it may take a while to size and cut it was well worth it and turns better when cut than when tied
 Just started jumping a couple of months ago and already people are asking me to show them how to jump . I like this rope because you can adjust it to fit you . The grip is great and it works great for me . The price is good and I got free shipping . I would recommend this product to anyone , I even bought one as a gift for a friend .
 The Valeo Deluxe Speed Rope is a great product . It is very sturdy and should last for a good while .
 This jump rope was very easy to adjust!Here are some tips :1 -RRB- To remove cap at bottom
 It is a little heavy , but that 's good for me . I use it do a lot of exercises with it !
 I 've only had these jump ropes for only a week and they 've been doing a grand job . When i first used them they were a bit too long , I 'm 5 ' 8 and had to cut like a foot of rope . But after that I felt like I was gliding upon the rainbows that were made of unicorn tears and ground up minotaur horns . It was so smooth that I could practically get some bread out and butter that up . While I was jump roping , I felt a sudden urge to try all the tricks that I wanted , but it ended up with whiplashes from a prisoner guard . Although these hurt when you hit yourself with it on your behind , it 's definitely a buy.TL ; DR
 I just received my ropes in the mail and I have to say , I was anticipating a very long arduous adjustment process !! But , to my surprise , it was fairly easy.Step One
 fast shipping , good product , seems sturdy enough - purchased for high school weight room . needed ropes long enough for tall high school boys . found them here .
 I 've never really been a fan of jump roping , but a friend convinced me to order this and try it out . The ball bearings in the handles are an incredible addition , it 's very smooth and I am 100 % satisfied with my purchase .
 I like it . It was easy to adjust to my size . I use it regularly . Seems to be good quality . Feels definitely nice to handle . Just make sure to wear some kind of shoes if you do not want to hurt your feet .
 This jump rope is definitely a great product for the price you 're paying . It does what it 's supposed to do ! It was a little difficult for me to change the measurements on the rope but perhaps that is partly because I have n't even tinkered with a jump rope in over 7 years.I can honestly say this has contributed to the best work outs of my life . I used to love jumping rope as a child , and never figured how much it would help get me back into shape as an adult.I 'll definitely be purchasing another one of these again if I ever run into a situation where I need to , but it seems like a very sturdy rope that I wo n't have to replace anytime soon.I especially love the handles as my hands get clammy when I 'm working out , and the handles are n't made of plastic and seem much like the same material that is used for wetsuits so my hands are n't slipping and sliding around on the handles while I 'm jumping rope .
 This jump rope gets the job done and does everything i need it to . It has yet to break on me which is an extremely good thing ! Love these jump ropes !
 Be good at jump roping ! Also , make sure you set it to the right length because you really only get one shot for adjustment
 I read the reviews that spoke of difficulty shortening it . I 'm sorry those folks had trouble . To be honest , I could n't believe how easy it was to change the length , and I crimped it with some pliers . Piece of cake . I like the handles and the rope itself , I can already tell , is going to last . I am very pleased for what I spent .
 My team hates them , but loves them . They are durable . Just what my team needed . Good size for all sizes.n
 i wish the rope was a little bit heavier , and it 's kinda hard to adjust the length . but hey , ca n't expect much from the product for $ 7 , so let 's just say it 's fine .
 This jump rope is just right for my 6-1 son but I am 6-4 and it is almost is too short for me . Good rope for the price . Spins really easy .
 At first the jump rope confused my sons because they did n't know how to make it the proper size . Once we made it the right size they started using it more and now it 's working just fine for them . It 's very durable and comfortable to use in your palms . The price was great and the only way it could be better is if it counted the number of jumps . Thanks for a great product , Deb
 I ordered it as i wanted to work out at home . I was little worried that it will be small for me as I am 6 ' 4 '' tall but when it came it was perfect . It is great value for money and has nice soft grip . i am really happy with the product and I love it .
 The last time I jumped rope was some day many years back in grade school . I remember hopping and entangling my feet . Hopping again . Entangling my feet again.So it 's been many long years -LRB- possibly never -RRB- since I 've jumped over a spinning rope , and I do n't know how far -LRB- if at all -RRB- jump rope technology has progressed in that time . What I do know is that this rope works well , and even though I still entangle my feet constantly , I 'm slowly developing a rhythm I would have killed people for on prom night .
 Good price , great durability . Plenty of give for me to adjust it to the length needed . Just need to find a way to keep my dog from trying to get in on the action when I 'm using it in the backyard .
 I can only do this a short time because I have not yet build up the endurance but I used to enjoy this form of exercise in my younger days . It was tough and I had to use a screwdriver to pry the thing off off , but if you are pulling or removing anything else you are doing it incorrectly . Like many of the other comments , I had a tough time adjusting the rope . The directions should be improved significantly . Once I figured it out , it is actually easy and makes good sense . The only thing you have to know is that the only piece meant to come off is the plastic cap at the end of the handle . It just pops off .
 The cord is made of a material which does not seem fit for extensive use on abrasive surfaces -LRB- i.e. , concrete -RRB- and which is not as flexible as other jump ropes I 've seen , but this jump rope does the trick and is good value for money . Did n't have any of the issues other reviewers mentioned while adjusting its length .
 I got this jumprope for my daughter for volleyball practice . She is 5 ' 8 '' and needed to shorten the jumprope for a good fit -LRB- thanks to other reviewers for explaining how to do this ! -RRB- . My husband did the shortening and it took less than 5 minutes and my daughter uses it twice a week for practices since Nov with no trouble . The price is reasonable , the jumprope is relatively lightweight - what is not to like ?
 I had to look up how to adjust the length of the rope before doing so just so I knew I was doing it correctly since it was so hard getting the ends of the rope handle apart . It took a putty knife to pop up the end and then twist the top off , needle nose pliers to undo the silver clasp inside the handle and scissors to cut the rope to my length . I 'm just under 5 ' so I had to cut about 1 1/2 ' - 2 ' off of the rope so I could use it . Definitely a great rope for adding to knee highs but a pain in the butt to adjust for your height .
 I just purchased this rope from Amazon a couple weeks ago.This is the best one I ever had before . I recommend any beginner jumpers .
 I 'm 6 ' 2 so I did n't need to adjust the rope , but I found this to be an excellent speed jump rope.Just hurts my toes when it hits them -LRB- I do n't wear shoes when I jump -RRB- . : - -RRB-
 I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews that these would be a pain to set up and adjust for length . Do n't worry about it . If you can read -LRB- if you 've made it this far into this review , you read more than well enough -RRB- and have a cheap pair of pliers -LRB- do n't worry -- expensive ones will work fine , too -RRB- , they 're easy to adjust . And after that , it 's a great jumprope as much as something as simple as a jumprope can be great -- feels solid in your hand , smooth , etc. . Do n't spend crazy money on a rope endorsed by a `` jump rope expert . '' This one is cheap , adjustable , and great .
 Out of the package the jump rope cord is stiff plastic it is doubtful that the kinks will fall out . The handles are much thinner and lighter than I expected , but should be fine if handled with care . Besides the physical appearance and lack of substance the jump rope was easy to resize and works well .
 speed jump rope just what i needed to get in great shape . super great way to get in shape , fun and easy.love it .
 I bought this jump rope for exercise between weight lifting sets as a way to keep my heart rate up . The handles have nice cushion to them and the rope itself has a decent amount of weight . I 've used jump ropes in the past that are so light that I trip over them frequently . Not the case with this one . The product seems well made and I 'm glad I bought it .
 I paid well under $ 10 for this on Amazon . Is it the best quality rope I 've ever used ? Nope , not really , but it 's a step up from trying to use my son 's dollar store cheapy and I 'm not looking to spend $ 20 + on a rope either.I had no problems adjusting the rope . I marked it where I wanted the rope to fit into the handles at -LRB- with a silver marker -RRB- , popped off the handles easily , gave it about 1/8 '' extra , slipped up the crimp rings , crimped them into place with a set of pliers , trimmed off the excess , popped the covers back on and voila , done . The whole process took me five minutes or less.The rope likes to stay sort of folded , like it was originally shipped , stand on it with it taught for a bit , especially when it 's nice and hot out like it has been here in Texas for a couple minutes and it 's fixed . Store it in a wide coil and twist tied together to keep it in that shape . It 's a couple seconds of work when you 're done using it and totally not a deal breaker for me.The movement of the rope has been fine and smooth , so no complaints there either . It has a little weight behind it so it can pick up the speed , bear in mind , it can also thwap you pretty well if you become suddenly distracted by your child/dog/spouse and raise a nice welt when you thwack yourself in the legs.Overall , I 'm quite happy with my little purchase .
 As stated , it does what it is suppose to do . I like it , its long , and can be adjusted . However like most people , I have trouble with the adjust knob . It does n't seem to hold it in place for me . I just put duct tape over it and it stayed in place , so overall , not a bad product to say the least .
 I have used several jump rope ropes throughout this year , and this is the only one that has n't broken within the first week . Wooden handles crack , leather ropes take too long to break in , but these are perfect . All you have to do is shorten them -LRB- if they are too long , I did n't want to cut the rope shorter , so I ended up tying knots into the rope until it became shorter -RRB- , and just start jumping .
 i love it ! it has a smooth motion that i really did n't expect and the handles are really something else . i fully expected it to feel cheaply made and crappy but i was pleasantly surprised . a lot of the other reviewers complained about the fact that it was hard to cut this down to the length they wanted but that 's 100 % untrue . it literally took me all of 30 seconds to pop the tops , cut it done to length and tie the ends -LRB- so i can go back any time and fix length if needed -RRB- . i would HIGHLY recommend this product !
 One of the most important thing on buying a skip rope is getting the right length . This rope is 10 feet long , and according to a guide from a skip rope website , a 10 foot long rope is suitable for a 6 ' 0 '' to 6 ' 6 '' person . Most people just fall under it and so , all you have to do is cut the rope to your size . For those taller than 6 ' 6 '' , you will have to get your size on special orders , which I figure is just about the same as you buy other stuff like shoes and clothes . The rest of the guide goes like this
 Like many of the other consumers , I had a difficult time adjusting the rope . The directions have good intentions , but grossly miss the mark . Once I figured it out , it is actually quite easy and makes perfect sense . The only thing you have to know is that the only piece meant to come off is the round plastic cap at the very end of the handle . It does n't screw off , it just pops off . It is stubborn and I had to use a flat head screwdriver to pry it off , but if you are pulling or removing anything else you are doing it wrong.This product is good quality and was shipped quickly .
 Got the rope in the mail today and it took all of 5 minutes to determine the proper length and adjust the jump rope . You just pop off the caps and use some pliers to crimp the extra metal tabs . I also really like the comfortable handles and ball bearings for speed . Great rope for a great price !
 I just bought the product and it was GREAT !! I would definitely recommend it to anyone trying to buy a jump rope . It is easy to adjust to you height . I use it everyday .
 I bought the everlast speed rope -LRB- not the deluxe or whatever -RRB- and that was pretty good too , until it broke after 2-3 weeks . The rope would rub against the handle and eventually wore it down . I dont see that happening with this one , as it is a ball bearing system . I will update this if I find problems . Oh , and it took me like 5 minutes to adjust the rope length . Just follow the instructions on the packaging or on their website -LRB- which has pictures -RRB- .
 I did n't have to adjust this because the length is just about right for my height . The handles have skateboard style bearings in them to give you good speed and consistency . I 'm also new to jump roping , having never learned as a child I finally picked it up at age 30 , and this jump rope is just right .
 I 've only had it a couple weeks , but it does the job . Beware though , the one that I received was not easily adjustable if it ever was to be adjustable . It is easy to pop the caps off the ends , but the crimp on the end would not fit through the narrow area of the handle and it never came with extra crimps like I think someone reviewed . To make it adjustable , I had to lightly step on the handle and pull the rope through the rope end . Now that the crimp was free of the rope , I was able to let it fall out . You may be able to reuse it , but I just tied the rope into a knot at the length that I wanted and so far no problems . I only did it to one side as it does n't seem necessary to do it to both .
 No need to shop any further for a decent jump rope . This rope works ! I 'm about 5 ' 9 '' and I did n't need to adjust the length . I use the jump rope for conditioning and improving my footwork for basketball -LRB- this has translated into more blocked shots , rebounds , and buckets -RRB- . I use this jump rope as often as possible every day and have found the product to be of sturdy construction .
 This may have been mentioned already , but there is an easier way to adjust this rope if you ca n't push the rope end through the uncapped handle.In this case , pull the rope tight against the bearing side , then cut it flush with the bearings . This will leave about 1 '' of rope inside the handle along with the washer and metal crimp . Insert a long , narrow tool such as a screwdriver into the bearing side and force the 1 '' rope , washer , and crimp past the narrow part of the handle and through the uncapped end.You will notice that the crimp has an inner part gripping the rope and an outer part that mates with the washer . Once you have made your adjustments , installed the washer and crimped the rope in place , make a slight crimp in the outer part so that it can be pulled through the narrow part of the handle as intended.Tools required
 For those of you who have already bought this item , I found that this helped me in trying to push the rope through the handle
 I 'm 5 ' 5 and have no problem using the rope . I got frustrated with the adjustment process and decided to use it the way it is . I love the rope ! It has the best value and best design of all ropes I 've used . It may be difficult to use at first . But every rope is like a new workout routine because of weight and length difference . Eventually one gets used to the rope and the exercise . I 'm curious to see how long it takes before this rope wears out and break in half . Good luck to everyone .
 Over all it is a good rope.It is heavier and faster than nylon ropes.This rubber rope is a little stiff but I expect it get better after several uses.It is really easy to adjust but you can only adjust it once on each handle -LRB- so you can shorten it twice total -RRB- . Needless to say that you can not make it longer after cutting it too shortI am a trail runner but I am still surprised how much work out I can get from this sport . I absolutely love it and I will order another one.The only thing I hate is when you jump really fast and you make a mistake in the middle , this rope whips you hard !
 I needed to buy a few jump ropes for the Volleyball team I coach and found these on a great sale -LRB- around $ 5 each -RRB- . They are well made , with comfortable foam grip handles and the length works well for everyone . I 'm no jump rope expert or anything , but for the average person , these are great .
 Sturdy rope and nice padded handles . Not the fastest rope out there but it is well made and gets you a good workout .
 This is a great rope . Have owned several over the years and this is one of the better that I 've had , especially for the price.Good speed with good quality that will last a while . Good movement on the bearings . Good grips . Some people have had issues with the adjustment . I did n't have this issue as I 'm tall and kept it at the maximum length .
 So far , this jump rope has been a good addition to my work out collection . I have not had to adjust the length , so have not run into problems like some people have . For the price , this jump rope was a good deal .
 This jump rope is easy to use and is well thought out.Pros : - easy to adjust -LRB- only done once , need pliers to re-crimp the line -RRB- - does n't tangle - line rotates to avoid twisting - light weight - durable -LRB- has lasted 100 + hours of jumping and still going strong -RRB- I 'm not sure how people have had issues - it 's simple and easy to use . Maybe they wanted a custom rope out out of the box .
 tried it out today on my patio . No problems adjusting the rope . So starting off I will be doing 10 to 15 min on rope and then 15 to 20 min on the Gazzel .
 I liked the rope , lightweight but with enough weight to turn it easily . And when I adjusted to length , I had to cut of the excess inside the handle to make it turn smoothly .
 Great jump rope for the price.I had trouble adjusting it until I read another review that said to take the end cap off of the handle , crimp the piece and cut the excess . I did think that it would be re-adjustable not just the one time and I was disappointed there were NO instructions about adjustment .
 This is a great jumprope , especially for the price and free shipping offered by Amazon . Adjustment took less than a minute -LRB- and I am not at all mechanical -RRB- , so I do n't understand the problems had by other reviewers . It could be that they changed the design , because mine had black plastic endcaps that I was able to easily pry off with a fingernail . I am going to order additional ropes for the rest of the family ... At this price , you ca n't beat it !
 I got this rope and either I 'm no good at jumping rope or this rope is too short . I 'm 6 ' 4 , and the rope is 10 ' long , but it seems like it could be another 6 '' and that might make it just right . I 've been hesitant to buy a rope for this very reason . Then again I may just not be a jump roper .
 For the price it does the job . I would get this rope if you are looking for a good jump rope for boxing .
 Rope jumping is a really good way to exercise . This rope is great . Good in quality with reasonable price . I would recommend this .
 Title says it all . This rope gets the job done . Tailoring it to my size was extremely simple and only required 5 minutes of my time , a quarter , a pair of scissors , and pliers . I 've been using it for two weeks now and it seems to be pretty durable . For the price , I would definitely buy another one if this one were to break.This is absolutely a quality product .
 I WAS having issues finding a heavier than rope skipping rope . Tried the plastic rolls that are added to some , tried the leather speed ropes , -LRB- Which are about as fast as an aging turtle -RRB- and I finally found this Valeo Speed Rope.Because it 's made from a heavy rubber grade it swings over at a really good rate.I ONLY know how to skip from my boxing days , where the feet stay low to the ground and not the One Step , Two Step , Fall All Over There kind of skipping so this rope is perfect for my cardio workout needs.I 'd definitely recommend this product .
 What can I say ? It 's a good jump rope . It 's not extra fancy , and does n't have weighted handles or any of the other fancy things found with more expensive products -- but it works!My only complaint is that I found it rather hard to adjust the height so that it actually fit me . The adjustments work &#34; ok &#34; but periodically needs re-done .
 The rope is very good . A bit long but after adjusting a bit , very nice . It 's very heavy so if you jump in socks or no shoes be aware that it will HURT if you hit your toes , ahaha . Anyways , very good quality and seems durable .
 THIS SPEED ROPE IS AMAZING !!!!! Highly recommended and beyond my expectations . Loving it!Helps build speed and a great and fun way to get your cardio in for the day
 Great price , I do love the quality and found it very easy to adjust . If this one ever wears out I 'll probably just get this one again .
 I bought this speed rope as an alternative to running for my cardio workout . Plus I know it builds coordination ... but if you 've never used a rubber speed rope , it can sting your arms and legs immensely when you miss . Just a heads up.But overall a good purchase !
 articulo requerido , en buen estado y me encuentro satisfecho con el mismo , ya estoy con el producto en mis manos , y el retrazo en tenerlo es debido a las festividades
 Comes very long and has an extra set of non-crimped adjusters inside the handles so you can cut it and adjust it to the correct length . Great speed rope for the money , I have gotten a lot of use out of it .
 I use this for exercise and it works great . The end caps are easy to get off . Trimming the rope just took a pair of scissors and a pair of pliers to get the clamps just right .
 Good quality jump rope and it is adjustable in case you have shorter legs and arms or for your children
 I bought this and was just expecting a regular jump rope . However , this item appears to be well-constructed and durable . Very impressed with this item and satisfied with my purchase .
 I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for an easy at home workout . This jump rope is really easy to adjust to the correct size and is easy for a beginner or an expert to use . Jumping rope is a great activity and I would highly recommend this product .
 I liked this rope a lot . The 1 year warranty is very nice as well . I am 6 ' 2 '' and I had to shorten the rope a little bit . I noticed after the first really hard/long speed test the rope appears to be melting/wearing down wear the rope touches the handle -LRB- about 1 cm out from the handle -RRB- . The ball bearing works fine , it just appears that this may become an issue . I have been using the rope for two months however and it seems to be holding up fine -LRB- plus there is the warranty -RRB- . All that aside -LRB- it is just a jump rope after all -RRB- I would would recommend this rope to anyone ... its like 8 bucks . No Brainer .
 this is very light and easy to use . the length can be adjusted easily but then no one else can use it if you 're short . I 'm 6 ' 2 an i did n't have to clip of much of it to be comfortable ... great exercise tool
 This is a pretty good jumping rope , I do n't understand why some other people say its difficult to cut the rope to the desired size . It took me about 3 min to cut it using a knife .
 I purchased one of these ropes a couple of years ago and lost it about a year ago . Coincidentally , the day the new one arrives is the same day I find the old one ! The rubber rope is just shy of a quarter inch thick , and is solid , so it has an acceptable weight to it ... enough to keep it from wrapping up around itself , which is does n't do because of the ball bearings and slick metal crimps inside the handles . The ends of the handles screw off easily so you can adjust the length of the rope . I was able to reuse the two crimps but there are two extra ones included . I also was able to keep an extra couple of inches of rope in each handle in case I accidentally cut it too short . The logo is smaller , different , and the black and gray plastic handle part is just black , and smaller too , which looks better in my opinion . The price ca n't be beat . I 'm satisfied .
 This is a good indoor/outdoour multiuse jump rope . . Very Easy to adjust . I found that for the price you are getting a very good product !
 I have n't had any problems with this product . I have had it for 2 going 3 months now and it is working great . Now to put people 's fears aside about the whole cancer stuff , it freaked me out as well , so I emailed Valeo about my concern and they pretty much told me that they were required to put that just like every other companies out there , because they have chemicals -LRB- in small amounts -RRB- that are known to cause these defects and such . A good analogy is when a candy bar says , `` May contain peanuts , '' this is just a precaution for consumers .
 I bought this for my 6 year old daughter , and it is great . She loves it . It literally took me all of 2 minutes to make the adjustment . It was super easy , not like the other reviews had described . She has n't stopped jumping since we made it to fit her height . I would recommend this jump rope to anyone !
 I think this is a great jump rope . The rope moves nice and fast and there 's no delay between swings like a regular one . It comes about 10 feet long and you can a just it to your preferred size . Great buy for the price .
 I like this jump rope . I 've always preferred the heavier ones , but this one has proven to be just as good while not weighing all that much . Great product !
 I was originally going to pay more for a different jump rope because some complaints about the adjustment process , but impulsively bought it at the store anyway . -LRB- I should have waited was only $ 8 here and $ 10 at the store . -RRB- It 's easy to adjust as long as you have : - Flathead Screw driver -LRB- to pop the top off - the side that the rope is not coming out of -RRB- - Scissors -LRB- to cut the rope -RRB- - Pliers -LRB- to re-crimp the rope -RRB- There should be an additional crimp in each handle , so no need to pry it off the cut section and you only need to adjust one side , so if you need to shorten it again you could use the other extra crimp . Plenty of reviews on the front page have detailed instructions on how to measure and adjust the rope , so I suggest reading those if you 're having trouble.Works like a jump rope . I jump in my backyard on something a little rougher than concrete , so we 'll see how this holds up over time . I 'll adjust my review a few weeks of use .
 excellent durable rope . Works great but i faced problem adjusting its size . overall great product at this price .
 Bought rope but handles were miss-formed and rope could not be adjusted to proper length . Called company they immediately sent one whose handles easily allowed adjustment as directions said ,
 this is great i got up streach my self before go to shower 20 round man that thing pump u up . . i really like it . . it is good .
 I was going back and forth between this and Buddy Lee 's $ 40 aero speed rope . I figured i 'd go with this one and in the worst case I 'd only be out six bucks . After using this rope for about a week , I absolutely love it!To be honest , I am not sure why people are having a hard time adjusting the length of the rope . The first thing I did was pop an end off with . . my fingernail . Pulled the rope through , then used some needle-nosed pliers to loosen the crimp . It took me probably 60 seconds to adjust it to the desired length . Maybe I have a newer , more easily adjustable model ? I 'm not sure.As far as the rope goes , it 's high quality and works just as described - with nice even , fluid rotations with minimal friction/drag . I have run into 0 problems so far . Definitely a steal at only six bucks and free shipping ! Will probably pick up a second one to leave in my travel bag .
 Bought this product to start a cardio workout regimen . Works very well . Great product . Has great value for a low priced product ! Definitely recommend !
 This jump rope is perfect if you want to use it for good cardio so I highly recommend it . First let me say the jump rope is very good quality you can easily swing it in order to jump rope as fast as you want . second let me say all those reviews about the adjusting problem are wrong . it was extremely easy to open the cap to adjust it exactly to my size , those that ca n't open the cap are just simply weak.So over all this deserves 5 stars .
 Have not used it yet , but happy with the weight and durability of the product .
 I got this rope for free from prizerebel . They gave me a Amazon Gift Card and so I bought this . -LSB- ... -RSB- Link there.The rope itself is okay . Nothing really outstanding . I had a tough time adjusting the rope to my size because the end cap did n't want to come off , but it 's all good.Overall , it 's a god jump rope . : -RRB-
 This is a great product . I 've been through hundreds of jump rope and they do n't last long enough . I know this one will last a very long time . It 's a very strong jump rope . I also like the fact that it 's adjustable . Again , great product .
 This is a great jump rope and the quality for the price ca n't be beat ! Rotation was smooth and even in both handles and the rope was good as well . I originally did my jump roping exercises on the cement portion of my back yard but i realized , after a few workouts , the ground was eating away at the line . To fix this i just put down an old carpet and voila , problem solved . This speed rope does hold a bend for a little while though so if you do n't want to go into your routine with a slightly curved line just hand it up somewhere.I 've been using the speed rope for a little over half a year now and they 're still working like new . The ball bearings do get a little loud from time to time but some oil fixes that up right away . If you take good care of it , it should last you quite a while.Note : It looks like a few of the buyers are having problems with their speed ropes so i hope this helps!If you follow these steps you should n't have a problem with adjusting the rope . - If getting one of the end caps off proves too difficult , use a knife and wedge the blade in then pivot and the cap should come off easy enough . - Once the cap is off , you will see two metal crimps wrapped around the rope . One free to move around and the other squeezed to create the stopper . If you do not want to use the spare they give you , just use a pair of pliers and unbend the tightened one . - Now stand on the jump rope and adjust the length until it suits you . I started with the handles pulled up right below my armpits and adjusted/cut them as I grew more proficient . Always leave a few inches more than you think you will need just in case . You can always go back and adjust again afterward . - Once you are comfortable with the length , cut the excess and using the pliers re-squeeze the crimp to where you want the line to be , with those few inches behind it . There is no need to tie the line end into a knot ! - Put the cap back on and enjoy your customized jump rope !
 The rope is very large , unscrewing the cap lets you take some of the cord and adjust it to your size , you 'll need pliers to straighten out a small ring holding the cable .
 This rope could n't be simplier to adjust . Took me longer to get my pliers out and find a coin to unscrew the handle end cap than it did to adjust . Never jumped rope before . It took me a while to get the hang of it but now I 'm jumping pretty consistantly and working on my form . WOW , this is good exercise .
 It 's a great rope that handles good . It does what you expect of it . Nothing more , nothing less . Reasonably priced . You can do a lot worse than this rope .
 I love this jump rope ! I 'm a fairly tall person -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' -RRB- and the length of this rope was perfect . The quality is superb too .
 It worked very well . Unlike some ropes , this was heavy enough to cut through the air while spinning . It only took a few seconds to adjust the length of the rope , and I was ready to go . You just need pliers and to be careful when cutting the rope since it 's permanent . It hurt when the rope hit my bare feet .
 No need to pat more than $ 10 when you can buy this one for less . Works great . Heavy duty handles and fast rope .
 had some fun with this . it was the perfect size for my height 6 ' 2 '' which was nice as I do n't think i 've ever used one the right size . had a lot of fun this summer using it .
 If you 're looking for a sturdy , dependable , hard-working jump rope , then look no further . Excellent product ; I 'm 5 ' 10 '' , and it 's about as near to perfect as I could 've hoped for . Highly recommended .
 Although l 'm most of the time using a steel wire rope , l had to give a try to this one also after reading a lot of good reviews.l think it 's a great rope , very fast , flows smoothly and makes a good arch.A little too long for me so l had to adjust the length and it was n't some problem like some of the people complain here.l just cut off the metal end caps when l found that two additional ones were being put on the cable inside the handles , probably for the need of possible adjustment.So l cut the original ones off , measured the length and pressed the new ones on , quick ans easy.The only thing l do n't like are the foamed handles because they always give me some weird and tepid feel to the grip.l cut the foam off and covered it with tennis racket over grips for the tackiness and a firm feel when hands get wet from sweat.So , finding out that adjustment is easy and a rope makes a truly great skipping performance l think it 's a really great rope for the price .
 This is a pretty great jump rope . I mean , what do you expect from a jump rope ? It serves its purpose extremely well and the price was appealing . Fast shipping , great product - could n't be happier .
 These are of good quality . The only drawback is when you hit yourself with the rope as you are jumping it seriously hurts and leaves a red mark ! Ouch !
 After reading several reviews , I decided to try this jump rope out . I bought this product to help with my tennis fitness.I am 6 ' 3 '' tall and this jump rope was long enough to accomodate . I did n't even have to adjust the rope . It fit perfectly out of the box . Hope this review helps the taller people looking for a jump rope that will work .
 This jump rope is a good choice . I have no complains so far . Once I receive it I started to use it and I did n't need time to adjust to it at all . The length of it is perfect . Just took it out from the box and start using it . Feels great after a good workout .
 This is a good Jump Rope . Rubber , I think . It 's nice and heavy and has a nice swing.It 's pretty easy to adjust the length . Just in case you need a Rule of Thumb for that : Step on the rope and hold the handles in both hands , elbows close to your body . You have the right length if your lower arms are parallel to the ground and the rope is tight . I actually leave mine a little longer .
 Hey , for $ 8 this is a great jump rope . I had a hard time adjusting it , but I figured it out and now it works perfectly . I would recommend that everyone buy a jump rope . It is a good cardio workout , portable , and cheap !
 This is a by-current-standards standard jump rope , with comfortable grips and ball bearing joints for the rope . The rope itself , a hard rubber -LRB- feels like rubber/plastic -RRB- is heavy enough to spin well , and is easily adjusted for length using a flathead screwdriver -LRB- to pry off handle cover -RRB- and a pair of pliers -LRB- to re-crimp the hardware holding the rope in place -RRB- . For this class of jump rope it 's a very good buy . If you do n't like your rope to have any kinks while at rest , go for ones that have a twisted-wire core with a plastic or rubber casing . Those look and work well , and they sting if you hit yourself while skipping ;--RRB- -- A
 I have never wrote an Amazon review before , but in this case I feel I must in order to clarify other reviews about this jump rope . For starters , this jump rope is great and easy to adjust . I almost purchased another jump rope after reading how much difficulty people had adjusting it . The adjustment process is simple , and there are instructions on the back of the packaging ! Here are instructions for adjusting the rope -LRB- should not take longer than 5 minutes -RRB- :1 -RRB- Remove the plastic cap on one of the handles2 -RRB- Pull jump rope through exposing the first metal stopper -LRB- labeled crimp in package instructions -RRB- 3 -RRB- Loosen metal stopper with pliers -LRB- hardest step , takes 2 minutes -RRB- 4 -RRB- Slide stopper down to desired length , and tighten with pliers5 -RRB- Let jump rope slide back down through handle6 -RRB- Test jump rope length7 -RRB- If length feels right , cut off excess rope8 -RRB- Put back on plastic cap , and you are good to go!Note you may leave excess rope up to the size of the handle , if you think you may want to adjust it later on.Hope this helps anyone that was discouraged by the other reviews.Jump on !
 I 'm a little confused why so many people have had problems with sizing the rope . Rule of thumb for length - step on the middle of the rope -LRB- w / your regular workout shoes on -RRB- and each end should measure up to your pits -LRB- or pecks -RRB- . For resizing , I used a pocket knife , a pair of scissors , a pair of pliers , and a sharpie . I pried off the little caps on the end of the handles with the pocket knife and cut off the rope right before the used metal crimps -LRB- there are two unused crimps attached inside as well -RRB- . I then measured the rope for my height and marked it right where it went into the handles with the sharpie . I then placed and crimped -LRB- with the pliers -RRB- the new metal pieces right above the marked rope for inside the handles . Finally , I trimmed the excess rope and then popped the caps back on . Hope this helps .
 I had a very intense workout with this jump rope it allowed me to go at a high speed and the rope is long enough that i do n't get caught in it and i can shorten it if need be .
 The speed jump ropes at CrossFit were killing me . I figured that if I bought my own rope and got used to it , I would have a chance at Double-Unders . Not all of my ideas are this successful . Good quality + low cost = great value .
 The Valeo Deluxe Speed Rope is great for a simple exercise program . Simple in that is inexpensive and does n't require multiple items for a combined benefit - toning and cardio .
 Got this recently and have used it a few times ; the size , weight , and design all work well and are sufficiently ergonomic . The rope aspect , which is a hard rubber type cord material , does show some abrasions where the center portion contacts the ground . Does n't matter for now but i 'm wondering if down the road it will keep scratching and eventually wear through . Do n't know , but it 's nice so far .
 Bought this for an intro to jump roping . I had read reviews about how hard it was to adjust the rope , but I had no problem . It took about 2 minutes with a pair of plyers . So far so good , it 's been a great little product . When it wears out I will buy again .
 Some people in this world are doers . The kind of people that change their oil , cook their own meals , and buy ball-bearing jump ropes . Other people expect everything to just come to them . The kind of people that do n't know `` righty-tighty lefty-loosey '' , how to boil water , or adjust the length of a jump rope . You buy this thing , make it taught on one foot , and size the ends of the handles to your shoulder -LRB- for a beginner -RRB- , or armpit -LRB- for more advanced jumpers -RRB- . You need to unscrew the endcap -LRB- remember the rule I just gave above -RRB- , pull out the cord , and tie a knot at the place you want it . Then cut the cord 3 inches away , and tighten the cap back on . No , there 's no dial for you to twist to make this `` automatic '' . You just have to be a doer . With this product , you get a great aerobic workout at a great price , and you learn how to take life into your own hands instead of complaining about it being too hard .
 functional , easily adjustable , although a bit heavy , so if you accidentally slap yourself with it while exercising , make sure none of the people that think you do n't swear is around ; -RRB-
 I have purchased three of these ropes in the past year . The first one was for me . The second one was for my girlfriend . The third one was because I was using the first one in a tight space in my garage and sliced it in half by accidentally hitting a metal shelf support . Whoops!Some reviews have implied that there are drastically different models of this rope . All three ropes that I purchased were close to identical . The latest one has a screw-on cap versus a simple pop-off cap and that is the only difference . I can only assume that Valeo has improved these ropes over the years or the negative reviewers received something weird.Beyond the little mishap I had with the shelf support , the first two ropes held up great with regular use . The one thing you have to understand about jump ropes is that they are disposable goods . A lot of negative reviews talk about ropes breaking but you will not find a jump rope that does n't eventually break . I have bought a few different brands and styles of jump ropes and the Valeo rope had the best performance and held up the best out of all of them . I use mine on my concrete floored garage which is n't the best surface and it has held up fine . My wire jump ropes have not held up anywhere close as well.Regarding performance , I think my best with singles is 150 RPM -- 100 singles in 40 seconds . Not bad . I also do double unders with these with no problem . The rope is relatively heavy compared to wire which means you have to whip it harder but it is also much easier to feel in order to get the timing right . There is a trade off . You will not be held back by this rope unless you are really an elite jump roper.There are some negative reviews about the adjustability of these ropes . Having purchased three of these ropes in the past year , I simply do not understand these reviews . Perhaps the negative reviewers received older models or perhaps they were fakes from third party sellers . I do not know . All I know is that these are brain dead simple to adjust . All three ropes came with crimpers on both ends . This essentially gives you two shots to get it right though you could probably easily bend back the crimpers for a few more tries as long as you do n't cut the rope too short . I had no problem finding a good length.In summary , if you need a fast , durable , cheap rope , these are a no brainer . Less than $ 10 and you get a great rope . When my first one got chopped in half , I did n't think twice about ordering another . I would not hesitate to order another one if I need to .
 I wanted a decent jump rope for crossfit and I ended up picking this up . I LOVE this jump rope . The handles are comfortable to hold and the rope turns very nicely with the handles . Although I can not say that I enjoy doing jump ropes , these are great . I am not sure why so many people have problems adjusting the length of the rope , it literally took me a minute to do it . Super easy . First , remove the cap from the the end of the handle -LRB- I used a flathead screw driver and unscrewed the cap in seconds -RRB- . Second , push rope down through the end of the handle . Third . I cut the rope off where the crimp piece was -LRB- less than 1 '' of rope is what I fist cut off -RRB- . Third , I pulled the rope out to reveal an unused crimp piece . I placed that aside . Fourth , standing in the middle of the jump rope , I measured the length I want/need -LRB- the rope goes all the way up to my armpits -RRB- -RRB- . Fifth , I cut off the excess rope I did not want . Sixth , take the new/unused crimp peice and crimped the rope using a pair of pliers . When you are done , just pull the rope back into the handle and put the cap back on . I only opened up one handle to do the adjustment -- there is no real reason why you have to open up both handles to change the length of the rope .
 i had no problems adjusting the length & im a girl with no tools i used a butter knife and some scissors - easy . great rope for the price had to get used to it for double unders because it is not weighted but i have the hang of it now .
 was one of the cheep product i had ever got and was great smell love it from the beginning itself
 this things very amazing to help me lose weight , i like it very much.this amazing things , hope everyone to used it .
 It 's a good jump rope . I 'd recommend it . It was shipped quickly and the product is exactly as described . Good value as well .
 Reviews I read before buying this rope complained about adjustment difficulties . It is easy to adjust this rope , so I uploaded a couple of pictures to show you the ropes . : &#62; -RRB- Adjustment
 The thick cable of this rope is fine , but I have two concerns - 1 . if you jump fast , this rope gives you incentive NOT to trip because it hurts to get whipped with it , and 2 . it might mark up a newly refinished floor , so jump on a rug .
 great quality for the price ! Great for double unders ! comes in a big size and you can adjust it for yours !
 These are going to be awsome as Me and the boys are going to stay more fit this year , we hope !!!
 super easy to use and you can cut it adjust it to the desired lengthuse it almost everyday and it gets easier and easier to use : P
 This jump rope was much better quality than I expected . I was a little shocked at how nice it was . Shipped very quickly .
 I have been using this product for a month now , it has been working great . The only problem is the rubber line which gets worn out when used in a rough ground .
 I used to be a much more active person . Lately I 've been pretty lazy . Not to long ago I made up my mind to get fit again . Well , I 'd need a jump rope . I looked around and read the reviews on this one . It 's affordable , and very easy to use . The material is great and I really love my new jump rope . It 's a bit annoying to have to fix the length of the rope , but once you get it it 's amazing.Been training now for about a week . Still love it . If you 're going to buy a jump rope , I 'd suggest you go with this one . Now stop reading reviews on jump ropes and buy it already !
 This is my first jump rope and I like it a lot . It is easy to adjust and it 's quick . I definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to get one . I am new to using it as work out tool ... cant complain at all .
 I use jumping rope when I am weightlifting so that way I burn more calories , keep my heart rate up and loosen up my body as well as when I am away from fitness club and not doing surfing , hiking , mountain biking , etc. . The most important part of the jumping rope is the handle and Valeo Rope offers the best handles and the best rope material . Bravo .
 I really like this rope ! I am tall and whenever I would use a rope at the gym it would be too short and that would make it difficult to jump rope . This rope is great because you can adjust the length of the rope and the handles of the rope are n't hard plastic so it does n't hurt your hands . I love that I can jump for longer intervals with this rope because of its adjust-ability ! Definitely a good buy because I have n't had any complaints or problems !
 a nice rope for the price.if you are looking forward to buy one for you , go for this one , you wo n't be disappointed .
 This jump rope totally met my expectations . The length is very easy to adjust , originally it is quite long and will be good even for a very tall person . The rope is good looking . Will buy again from Amazon .
 Good stuff . Easy to adjust ! Good quality!I do n't understand why there is a twenty words minimum requirement for product reviews . Maybe for a book or a cream etc. but for jump rope ? SERIOUSLY ? Why the essay Amazon?Good stuff - 2Easy to adjust ! -5 good quality ! - 6 -LRB- repeated words do n't count -RRB- Handles like a dream ! -10 -LRB- catch the pun ? -RRB- The black color adds a cool factor . - 16The rubber cord is rubbery . -20
 I bought this jump rope for the ball-bearing feature . I have gone through several other ropes and they have all failed due to lack of rotation . They usually wear off at the end of the handle . This rope eliminates that problem by smoothly rotating during use . I am also able to increase my speed during jumping . I use this rope mainly for H.I.I.T.This rope will most likely need to be adjusted by removing the handle end caps . A little finesse is needed when un-crimping the ends . Also , I have had a hard time getting the kinks out of the rope itself . I have had the most luck using a heat gun to limber it up prior to jumping.Overall I would recommend this rope . Good price , nice handles , and smooth action .
 This works much better than my Reebok rope and was easy to customize the length .
 After hearing about the difficulty in resizing this rope I was a little concerned , but after receiving it , I could n't believe anyone had ANY issue with the adjustment . I mean , it is ridiculously easy and honestly I sort of feel like those reviews that say it is difficult should be removed . I mean , you removed a little plastic cap on the end , tie a knot or two in the rope , and re-cap it . Bam , easy , done . OR they give you a little piece of metal already attached to the rope so that if you want to adjust it more permanently you can simply cut the rope where you want it shortened , and then squeeze the piece of metal tight so that it stabs into the rope material . Then when you recap it , it will be sitting snug inside the handle ready to go.It 's a great rope .
 I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and seems to be just about perfect for me.I have n't used a rope for about 20 years and as expected it is very challenging and provides the intense work out I am looking for . With the price in mind I do n't think there could be anything better . If I break this one in well I may look for a weighted rope in the future but would expect to pay more .
 This is the second of these I 've bought . The first was great , no problems adjusting it , I used it tell it wore in half . So I figure I 'd buy a new one , well , I 'm having the exact same problem with the rope clamps not being able to fit through the handle . So it 's impossible to adjust . Not sure if the manufacturing process has changed or there are just some bad ropes . Either way it 's just bad design . I wo n't be buying another from Valeo.Edit
 I have n't needed to adjust mine , so adjustment has n't been a problem . I have purchased other leather jump ropes in the past and found that they quickly deteriorate and rot . This one is well made and durable .
 I love this rope . It 's easily portable , which is nice for me because I travel a lot . Adjustment is fairly easy , in my opinion . There is some good info on here , if you have any trouble . If you 've had other jumpropes though , this is nothing you ca n't handle . As easy as any of them.This is a great way to step up your interval training . Cheap , portable , and effective . What more could you ask for ?
 This item is wonderful ! I feel like I am on my way to shedding those extra pounds by using this product . Nothing like getting the heart rate up by doing a little jump rope . Not to mention , it takes me back to the days as a physically fit kid doing this as a fund raiser at school , lol . Thank you !
 I love this jump rope ... it 's a great rope at a great price . I 've read that other people have had a bit of trouble adjusting the rope , but I had no problem at all . I felt adjusting the rope to the right size for me was a piece of cake ! I have n't had any issues and would recommend the rope to anyone .
 The jump rope was a tad too long , but i simply hold on to more jumprope when I use it . It was exactly what I was looking for . I can speed jump and it does n't make marks on the floor when I use it at home !
 I 'm 5 ' 2 so the rope is pretty long and I do n't know how to adjust it so I roll it on my hand as I did when I was a little girl . My only problem is adjustment other than that it a good rope for it 's price
 Great jump rope . Need to adjust it since it comes very long . But I love how easy the hadles swivel .
 preface
 i dont know what people are taking about with how it is hard to adjust i thought it was pretty easy it just took a whilei highly recomend buying this jump rope it is the perfact speed rope it worked as good as i thought it would
 I 'm turning 21 and I 'm skinny -LRB- 125 pounds -RRB- so I was trying to gain weight and I never did any cardio ... tried to sit around since i 'm so active ... My cardio sucks the jumprope the professional boxer gave I could barely do it . I sucked at jumping rope so bad my girlfriend was laughing in tears ... and she took a video of me , when I bought this jumprope it was a lot easier to use and now I 'm getting alright at it . I 'm in a lot better shape then I was at before . Just ca n't give up , got to do it daily . Eatting right helps too .
 I am really glad that I purchased this item.It is helping me in my fitness program.I had just gotten it and used it right away .
 I love this jump rope , I 'm getting a lot of use of it for sure .
 I bought this jump rope for my twin boys . They take a Tae Kwon Do class and wanted to learn how to jump rope . I bought this product mainly for the price , but I was a little bit concerned after reading all the reviews about length adjustment . I do n't get it ... . If you need to adjust the length -LRB- which I did have to -RRB- , there is an extra crimping ring for each side . No need for knots . You simply cut off the excess rope and crimp the second ring at the length you want . No need to uncrimp the first ring . Just discard it with the excess rope . Very easy . Great price .
 It took just a minute to adjust the length ; the instructions on the flip side of the package cover made it all very clear . It 's true that the rope seems to want to twist a little after jumping a bit , but I think it 's probably just my inexperience . With time I 'm convinced it 'll ease up . I like the quality of the handles and the color -LRB- solid black -RRB- . For the price , I do n't think you can beat it .
 a DURABLE ROPE WHICH HANDLES WELL ... NOT TOO HEAVY , NICE SMOOTH ACTION
 I struggled for a while trying to get the end cap off until I finally decided to try the other side . It turns out only one handle unscrews . Just stick a coin in the slot and turn , it 'll easily come off . After adjustment this is a great rope : -RRB-
 I just got the rope recently as a way to get some more cardio to get in shape for basketball . It is basically your typical rope with a nice ball bearing on the end . I wish the rope was a little more straight . It probably will get straighter with time . It comes wrapped like a computer power cable so it has the bends . Adjusting the rope was easy . I read some people could not do it and others took 1 hr or more feeding the rope out , crimping it , and putting the cap on ? I read one dude took over an hour to put the cap on . You for real ? I measured the rope to the armpits , did a few minutes at that length , and then cut . I crimped the metal piece in 1 second , and put the cap on -LRB- drum roll -RRB- in 5 seconds . Jesus Christ!Taking Rope out of box material
 Got this jump rope for my brother , he loved it . The best thing is that it is adjustable to your height . It is a rubbery texture , which I liked more than the typical cloth material . Definitely a good , simple jump rope for any age .
 I love it . There are two crimp bands . The first you can cut off or try to reuse , otherwise , it 's going to be hard to readjust . But I used the second crimp to set my length.I 've have n't had any problems and I 'm going to be buying another one for my wife , just so we do n't have to bother adjusting it .
 First off , a note on sizing jump ropes -LRB- only because I had to search for this info myself after receiving mine -RRB- . Step on the middle of the rope while holding the two ends , one in each hand . Bring the ends up toward one of your shoulders . The ends of the ends should reach to between your armpit and shoulder . Any higher and it 's too long . Any lower and it 's too short . The page I got this information from says that the `` armpit '' length is the more advanced length and that beginners should start with the `` shoulder '' length.To adjust the length , you remove an end-cap using a quarter -LRB- or equivalent currency -RRB- . Then push * hard * on the cable until it comes out the end . You 'll find that the cable had a crimp on it - cut this crimp off . There is a second un-crimped crimp further up the cable . Find the length of the cable you want and crimp the new crimp there . Cut off the excess and replace the end-cap . Both ends spun freely on mine . The handles are comfortable . Functionally , it works fine . This is a hard cable - it moves fast and it will sting if you hit yourself with it . A rope jumprope might be more appropriate for a beginner.The only negative is that it does contain lead , as most soft plastics do . The packaging does indicate this in the form of a `` prop 65 '' warning label . Either handle it only by the ends , or wash your hands with soap and water after you use it . I do n't think you can get lead poisoning from soft plastics , but it 's better to be safe .
 At first I thought the rope was crap because it is way too long even for me at 6 ' 2 . Then I realized the rope has removable screw caps on the handles and an extra crimp ring so you can cut the rope down to the length you like . Now I love the rope and it 's the perfect length .
 First time I 've used a jump rope in over two decades . I wish I would have had one of these when I was a kid.I had to shorten it by about a foot . I found it very easy to adjust . Pop off the end of a handle . Crimp the metal piece with some pliers . Cut off excess . Pop end of the handle back in . Jump ! It 's that easy !
 This simple jump rope is the best money can buy hands down . I am have been an amateur boxer for years and as part of our balance , footwork , and cardio routine ; we jump rope a good amount . The rope on this is the perfect material because it weighs the appropriate amount for you to have some resistance yet its not to heavy where you cant go super fast as you advance in training . There are these rings on the handle that allow for the rope to able to rotate inside the handle effortlessly and they work great and have held up in mine since I bought it . My favorite thing however are the handles , they have a nice soft padding that curves into the grip of your hand , this makes the workout much more comfortable .
 Five stars because the price is right , and because everyone -LRB- who is interested in fitness -RRB- should have a jump rope . You could easily pay twice as much . I 've had this rope for over a year now , and I have been very satisfied . Some reviewers claim that the rope is not `` fast enough , '' but I have not noticed a problem . I can do double-unders , although this may be because I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and I did not need to cut the rope down -LRB- making it heavier -RRB- . The rope 's durability has proved to be excellent
 When you receive the jump rope , make sure that the bearings move freely . To test this , let each handle hang and give each one a good spin -LRB- pretend its a spinning top -RRB- . If one or both are not spinning at a good rate -LRB- it 's very noticeable -RRB- then just give it a bit of grease . That should remedy the problem . I did n't realize one of the handles was n't spinning that well and ended up blaming myself for being terrible at jump rope . Greased that handle up and guess what , I 'm not so terrible after all . So do yourself a favor and see if the handles move smoothly , kinda like a skateboard wheel.Also , these were not hard to adjust at all . The cap pops off at the end of the handles , not where the rope protrudes form . You 'll need a flat-head screw driver and a pair of pliers . Screw driver to pop off the cap and pliers to crimp down the metal piece that goes over the rope .
 This is a great product ! A lot of people have been commenting that the rope is hard to adjust and that had me worried for a while but when I got my product in the mail , i saw you can just pop the cap off the end of the handles -LRB- very easy to do with a flat surfaced tool -LRB- flat screwdriver/scissors -RRB- . You then pull out the rope , cut however you want to cut and clamp down the extra metal clasp that 's included inside the handle . REALLY EASY . I dont understand why other people had such a hard time . have fun on your workouts !
 Not the best rope I have ever used but well worth the price for a beginner . Hard to adjust to your proper length and requires tools . -LRB- Pliers , screw driver -RRB- and ca n't be adjusted easily for different users . Nice weight for jumping .
 I have 4 of these , I am an exercise instructor and I use them in my classes . They are great for the money
 I do n't use this that often but it is a very good rope . When i got it i went without tightening the length . This initially felt awkward until a friend mentioned you can shorten it . I would test the length multiple times before you cut it . One problem i have is of course i do n't have room in my house to do this and on days i ca n't go to the gym i jump rope outside . This is the reason it loses a star . It has warn down a lot . I was looking around at goodwill and i saw a kids jump rope that had some small plastic rings on it so it does n't decay the rope . I ca n't say i want some cheap rings on my rope but this is not meant for outdoor use . If you want it to last you have to use it on a smooth surface .
 I was looking for a simple jump rope for warm-ups for my workouts and this provides exactly that . Could n't have asked for anything else .
 It 's amazing that this rope exercises have as low price . An excellent product for cardio exercises to burn calories . 100 % recommended
 I have nothing to complain about this product , I work out with it and it does perfectly what it says . Plus , it does n't hurt even when you accidentally slap yourself with the rope , so I guess the speed is right , and i would recommend it to anyone who is interested in loosing some weight by jumping ropes .
 Not sure how much other jump ropes cost to know if I got what I paid for . Nice that it can be made to a specific length . Plastic rope part is hard to straighten enough to use since it comes completely folded and bound . I think it will stand up to moderate outdoor use
 After I adjusted it to my height , it worked like a dream . The handles fit comfortably in my palms , and the material of the rope can get some fierce speed without too much force . My only complaint is that it stings like a $ & # % & #er when I miss a jump and it whips my toes .
 Perfect fit ! Grip is amazing and the adjustment of the cables was seamless . Chose this for my P90X workouts and it 's the best choice I have made .
 This jump-rope is probably the best one I have ever used . The grips fit nicely in my hands and the movement is very fluid . This rope has made double-unders much easier for me and I have really enjoyed adding more jump roping to my standard workouts.The Speed Rope comes with instructions as to how to adjust the height . It was really easy and probably took me a total of 5 min . I am 73 &#34; tall and I needed to shorten the rope considerably , so I am sure that it is more than long enough for even the tallest of consumers .
 Good speed rope . I hope i can use it everyday to burn calories . I would recommend this product to everyone .
 awesome jump rope !! so much better than my old one and its rlyyy cheap !!!! if ur looking for a good cheap jump rope definitely get this one . its also rlyyy easy to adjust , just read the directions on the back of the cardboad thingy -LRB- ull know what i mean once u get it -RRB- and ull be fine . also to adjust the rope to the right size stand on the middle of the jump rope and the handles should reach ur armpits . if its too long just cut it to where the rope is at ur armpits .
 is a pretty good jump rope for the month and a half physical fitness kick that I was on had I continue to use it from pretty sure would 've been a great jump rope but now I 'm not sure I could tell you where this thing is
 I was worried about adjusting the rope since I 'm 5 ' 2 '' and knew that it would be much longer than I needed , but it turned out to be simple . Unscrew the handle cap , measure the rope , cut off the excess , and refasten the metal band . This all took less than 5 minutes . I like this rope . The rope spins easily within the handles so you do n't have to worry about getting tangled up . If you need a jump rope then I suggest that you get this product .
 Great jump rope ! The grips are very comfortable and no slip grip is great ! I have been looking for a good jump rope and I am glad I got this one !
 great quality and is well constructed . I saw complaints about adjusting the size but luckily the way it came was perfect for me .
 I dont know what you people are doing to the rope , but I had no problem AT ALL with the adjusting ! It 's a great jumprope !!
 Not a bad rope at all . It does what it 's supposed to do ; functions well and is easy to adjust . I 'm satisfied .
 I adjusted this quickly enough by taking the plastic caps off the ends using my fingernails . Not by prying out the inside metal cap . It was n't so hard . Then I worked the rope out the open end , knotted it to the length I wanted and cut off the excess . I did n't want to bother with tools but if I did I could have adjusted the grommets without knotting the end and then cut off the excess .
 Valeo must have changed the method of adjusting the length of the rope , now all I had to do was pop off the black plastic end cap , crimp the extra metal ring , and pop the cap back in . Took a knife and a pair of pliers , and took all of 5 minutes to get it all done .
 Well , after years of cheap/flimsy/floppy jump ropes , I was hesitant to buy anything under a thousand dollars ! I really wanted a good rope that had weight to it and would n't waver in the wind . This is an excellent rope , worth every last penny of its five bucks =-RRB- It took me about 2 minutes to adjust it , contrary to some other reviewers here . Get it , you wo n't regret it !
 I ordered it about a month back . And I was able to adjust the rope length very easily . Just remove the buttons from the bottom of the handles . I used a blunt knife to do that . And I did n't cut the rope but just made a knot and inserted it inside the handle .
 I love this jump rope . In my opinion , the rubber ropes have a better feel -LRB- in terms of actual rope weight -RRB- than the leather ropes . The ball bearings make this rope unbelievably smooth turning . The only reason I have not given it a 5-star rating is because I have not tried adjusting it since it came at the perfect length for me . If making a length adjustment is user friendly , then this is definitely a 5 star product .
 its a good jump rope comes in pretty handy at timesits a good jump rope comes in pretty handy at timesits a good jump rope comes in pretty handy at times
 Just starting to train for boxing , and I have not jumped rope in over 20 years . However my experience was this was a easy to adjust jump rope , and it works well . My rope had 2 metal collars , and as another reviewer noted I simply tied a knot between the fixed collar and the sliding collar , and then folded the slack back inside the handle . No troubles here , worked great once adjusted . Now just to increase my reps. Really at this point I can not see a need for a different jump rope anytime soon .
 I did n't need to shorten it , so no comments on that . The material is a little lighter than I thought it was going to be . Its a weird matte rubber feeling , not the glossy heavy kind . But it works . You need to hang it for a little while before the kinks from shipping iron out . I can jump with it , so I guess it works fine .
 The Valeo Speed rope seemed to be of high quality . It had lots of length and was easily modified to fit you properly . Should last a long time even with heavy workouts .
 i just got the rope and it 's a good deal for the price i think . i could n't do more than three jumps in a row right now but it has nothing to do with the quality of the product . as for the adjustment , i was about to use the tools to move the metal rings which regulates the length of the rope . Then I realize that you can just use the rope itself to make the knots on each of the ends of it leaving the sliding rings before the knots . it works very well and takes less than a minute . i hope it helps . another thing it hurts a little bit but I think it 's because i did n't get use to it yet . at least i hope that 's the reason : -RRB-
 Not sure why others are having difficulties trying to adjust this rope . Remove end caps off handle , removed metal clamp on rope , cut rope to desired length , put metal clamp back on . Rope should now be at desired length ! Obvious warning , do not cut too much off right away . Cut at 1 '' intervals until you reach the length you want.I 've had this product for a couple months and could n't be happier . Does n't tangle easily , pretty good weight , and feels durable . And you ca n't beat the price , I plan on using this for many years .
 Valeo Deluxe Speed Jump Rope works great . I did not have any problems with it like the other people who reviewed this jump rope . Most of all , the price is right .
 You should be buying this product only if you love skipping . I am not really a treadmill guy and this falls into my comfort zone . I was apprehensive as to how the rope would turn out but it turned out to be a really good buy ! I had to shorten the length a bit and it was quite easy coz they had included the instructions . Now I burn calories when I want to !
 Good materials of construction . I especially like the smooth sliding bearing technology built into the handle . This reduces friction between the handle and the rope . It also keeps the rope from getting twisted at the handle . The jump rope is reliable . All types of users , both fast jumpers and slow , will like using it .
 I was totally satisfied with a product . Amazon ships everything promptly and I did n't have to wait long . For the price I paid , this rope is really good and I am using that a lot now . Thank you !
 I 've been using this very inexpensive rope for a few weeks now and so far it 's been wonderful . It 's taken lots of abuse as I 've become acclimated to jump-roping and shows no signs of wear . It 's very light and it 's very easy to move the rope very fast ; they 're not lying when they say `` speed rope '' . Very impressed with this product for the price .
 this is a nice jump -LRB- `` cardio '' as my high school bros. would say -RRB- rope the end caps were screw on and off and there is a rope crimp on each side -LRB- you only need one -RRB- the bearings work great and keep the rope from tangling . I added a drop of LUCAS gear oil to make the bearings run smoother and it works great . remember adjust the rope from your feet to your arm pit/peck -LRB- mid-chest -RRB- area .
 I had a bit trouble adjusting the length but no biggie , it works amazing . Unlike my previous rope this one has bearings on the handle to provide smooth motion . For the price this jump rope outperforms some of the more expensive ones available at retail stores .
 So this jump rope is exactly what I was looking for . I am all into Calisthenics lately and this has become an excellent part of workout routine . My workout routine now includes this jumprope , a medicine ball , and a pull-up bar all by Valeo . I have to give this company its praises for providing excellent products .
 Barely starting with my fitness plan , this rope is good good addition to my workout . is basically your typical rope with a nice ball bearing on the end . I was having issue with the adjustment at first but I was able able to get the hang of it . It works for me .
 This is a good rope for the money and has a little weight to it . I also use a leather rope which is lighter so I switch them up . There are a few comments about adjusting the length and they are right - it 's a pain the butt if you try to re-clamp with the existing metal . What I found worked much better is to burn the end . Take a lighter and burn the rubber and with a flat object shape it a bit so there 's a nub at the end - this works great . If you try clamping it with anything bigger it will get jammed and bearings will not spin .
 After reading all the previous reviews on this rope I was thinking that I really needed to `` pop '' the cap off . Yeah ... I almost ruined my jump rope . I finally figured out that I can unscrew it . I unscrewed the caps and well what do you know ? Cut to desired length and closed silver metals over the ends and screwed caps back in . Why has most people said they popped the caps ? By trying to `` pop '' the caps I left crazy cuts and bruises on the end caps . - shakes my head-Nice rope by the way for the price . Just what I needed .
 I could n't get the metal tab off to re-size my rope , but I pulled the rope out to the appropriate length and wrapped a rubber band where I needed the tab to be . It seems to work fine . I only needed to take about 3 inches off and I 'm 5 ' 5 '' . It works really well and the handles are comfortable .
 This jump rope is a perfect fitness tool . The bearings in the handles make it really easy for anyone , even novices . I am 6 ' 2 '' and did not have to adjust the length at all . I wonder if this would be long enough for someone much taller than me , but for people my size it works fine without any adjustment . This is a great way to warm up or do some conditioning . Cheap , simple , effective . What more could you ask .
 just what i was looking for , the rope is made with good materials , i used it and works perfectly and it was easy to cut it and fit my size
 This Valeo product is n't a bad deal for the price . I have had it for just over the year and use it a few times a week without and difficulties . Adjustments were initially confusing but you can find how to adjust the length on Valeo 's website . The caps pop off and you can adjust the metal crimps inside the handle , quite easy to do .
 So I 'm 6 ' 7 '' . This rope is probably 6 '' too short for me but it works . I have been jumping on a concrete pad and it is starting to wear a little now -LRB- 3 months -RRB- . I am guessing it will get 9-12 months out of it before it breaks , which seems very good to me . Good speed for someone like me just looking for an alternate form of cardio .
 Jump Rope arrived on time like always . I am 6 ' 2 '' and had to take the rope in an inch or two on both sides . You will defiantly need pliers . I used needle nose . When adjusting the length use the pliers on the metal part and your hand holding the rope to adjust the length . I made the mistake of using my fingers for the metal part and pliers for the rope and scraped up my finger . No big deal though . Straightened out after about 10 minutes of jumping rope and after a little time running my hands through it .
 This is the first jump rope I 've bought on my own . I used one in cross country in high school about 4 years ago for a warmup before our workouts but knew nothing about a `` good '' jump rope . This product is exactly what I was looking for . It works great and is very durable . I use this on concrete and it wears down slowly.Just make sure you have pliers and a pair of scissors at your disposal or you 'll be very frustrated . You 'll need the pliers to get the tiny metal piece that prevents the rope from disconnecting to the handle off when cutting the rope . You 'll understand that better once you actually get the product . Its not too difficult to understand the mechanism behind how it works.I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and I ended up cutting off between 1 ' and 2 ' off before I got the right length . Also , I would n't recommend just tying a knot at the end of the rope because once you use the jump rope , it ends up getting twisted . You ca n't jump for more than a minute like this .
 I love this rope . I have tried several ones at the kickboxing gym but I like this one the best . Part of it is that it is long enough for me . I am tall -LRB- 6 ' 5 '' and needed a rope that did n't keep hitting me in the head or my toes.This is a great workout and gets you calves and heart into shape really quick . I do about 5 quick 3 minute rounds . Used this rope almost daily for several months now and it is still good . Great quality !!!
 Some other reviews mentioned issues with making the rope the right size . I did n't have any problem . I 'm 6 ' 2 , and it was too long for me straight out of the box . I tried to not cut the rope , but then the rope was rubbing inside the handle and it was n't allowing the bearings to spin freely . Cut a few inches off , and now it spins perfect . The bearings are very smooth . It 's nice at the gym between reps , or as a warm up as well . Does n't get tangled easily .
 I ordered it about a month back and have been adding this to my workout routine . I was able to adjust the rope length to fit my height very easily . Just remove the buttons from the bottom of the handles . I used a blunt knife to do that . And I did n't cut the rope but just made a knot and inserted it inside the handle . It is very made with good materials .
 Over the years , doodles on the Google homepage have made searching on Google more fun and enjoyable for its users worldwide . When doodles were first created , nobody had anticipated how popular and integral they would become to the Google search experience . Nowadays , many users excitedly anticipate the release of each
 It 's a great jump rope but the amount of struggle I went through to cut it to size was insane . Because the instructions suck and it took me forever to figure it out and then doing it was a hassle too . But as soon as you get through that it 's gon na be fun .
 Came quickly and as described . The only thing is , if you 're 5 `` 3 or under -LRB- like me -RRB- you might want to find a shorter rope because it 's kind of long
 I recently purchased the valeo jump rope after reading up on several of its competitors . i am a beginner when it comes to jump roping but this thing is great . the ball bearing handles work great and makes the rope easy to through around . I am 6 ' 0 tall and this is the perfect length of rope for me . The only problem that i had was that it takes a long time for the jump rope to straighten out . when you are jumping its fine , but when its just sitting there it all crunched up . I know this doesnt really matter but it just looks funny to me .
 As the title implies ; a nice jump rope . Simple to adjust with a pair of snips and pliers . Shipped quickly as well .
 I love this jumprope . I use it outside so I break them periodically but also have a spare on hand . I do tie knots in the handles to get it the right length but it is absolutely perfect for my outside workouts !
 I recieved my Buffalo Bill Helmet in just 3 days . .3 DAYS PEOPLE !! opened it packaging was great , helmet was in the best condition than my others ! dont waste you rtime searching for a `` Replica '' or a `` Look-a-like '' click the BUY NOW and save yourself a lot of money and time !
 As a sports photographer , a seat like this can be a lifesaver when sitting on the baseline of a basketball court . I 've gone through countless versions of this type of chair , but this one is comfortable and appears to have solid build quality .
 I put this on my pelican `` Brust '' SOT kayak and it fits like it was made for it.It is very comfortable and well made .
 My family loves to kayak . I did n't , because after 5 minutes my back would hurt . I ordered these seats and tried them out last weekend . We kayaks for 2 hours and I had no back pain ! They were comfortable and I love the little storage pockets . A great value !
 My husband , a true NY Giants fan loves them ... A great buy for the Giants Fan for the holidays .
 I used this product on a 3 day hiking trip in Virginia . We treated all of our water the same way . The first batch we used just the straight iodine . It was probably antiseptic ... it certainly smelled and tasted like it was ! But , after using the PA tablets , it tasted just like nice cool tap water . There was no residual iodine taste or color at all . I 'll definitely be using this again !
 Fits my USP Tactical with TLR-4 perfectly . Easily snaps closed with pistol halfcocked . Threaded barrel does not protrude trough bottom of holster .
 I purchased all three resistance bands after developing callouses and sore hands from a few others that I tried . The round padded grip also rotate as you exercise making these very comfortable and versitile.The color coded handles makes it easy to identify the resistance levels and they are very sturdy and well made.These are lightweight and great to pack on trips too .
 I 'm use to working out at home . I have a few videos to choose from , and they have some movements that require the Resistance rope , and I never did that part . Now I can see a big difference in my training . It does realy make a difference . I can see my self struggling in some parts of the excercise that I did n't use thsi product with before . I love it . It took what ever I was doing one step up .
 You 're not going to turn into Mr. Universe with this thing , but it will help with toning . It 's great for traveling . You have to shorten the band if you want to increase the resistence for a harder workout .
 I bought this band for under $ 10 around six months ago and it has held up very well . I was n't sure from the pictures if the handles had a solid core -LRB- as opposed to just nylon fabric handles , but there is a solid tube in there to grip -RRB- . I would spend the money on this brand again instead of spending $ 15 plus for one from a store . The resistance level is very nice too , do n't have too stretch too far to feel the burn !
 This is great arm workout for a person in a wheelchair . If they can , per their PT 's advice , it can be wrapped around a deck post and used with many different exercises . Great item .
 if needed to work with light resistance ... very durable it last longer than others and it is very efficient and productive .
 ! These resistance bands were wonderful ! I needed to gain some serious arm and shoulder muscles , and these were a fantastic help . I know can lift over 50 lbs . and I can do a whole lot of pushups too ! If you want an easy work out that tones and strengthens your arms , get these !! They are a great price , and you can even use them while watching TV ! I highly suggest this for any at-home work outs .
 I have previously purchased one of these for home and wanted another to leave at work . I do wish it were longer , but if you have something to wrap it around , it works .
 I had bought them from HIBBETT SPORTS.i pay 10.00 for it.it is very good.i been working out for years and i bought alot of things over the years , i must say this do work.the only thing i did not like about the bands is1.the workout book is crap.it 's to easy , -LRB- so i just made up my own workout that i did for years with real weights -RRB- .2 . the tube is longer than more tubes that i had in the past.and that can be a problem for some ppl.but overall is well made and work your upper body.i been cut but it did help me to be more cut.it will not get u all big or nothing lol.if you want to get all big use real weights .
 The item I ordered came exactly as described , quick delivery , very pleased . Would buy again from this person .
 I 'm 5 ' 2 &#34; and I probably should have gotten a shorter one . The item itself is perfect and works just fine . I 'm the one with the defect : -RRB-
 This is a great company . The product was great and works very well . The quality is great . This company ships right away
 I first saw the resistance tube demonstrated on a TV program that featured different types of exercises that could be done using the Valeo Resistance Tube with Foam Handles . Since I 've been quite hesitant to go to any gym , I thought this resistance tube would be a great way for me to do stretches , sit-ups and even some weight lifting . I ordered my tube from Amazon and they offered three -LRB- 3 -RRB- different strengths
 A bit longer than needed , but strong and very helpful in my stretching exercises . I wish I had bought one of these years ago . Good riddance to the towel ! : -RRB-
 I purchased these when I was pregnant so I could gently work out my legs and arms . These are perfect and are extremely easy to use .
 I received my order and am very pleased with it and the performanc of it.Can ' t wait to really give it and me a workout
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 Franklin Sports MLB Complete Tee-Ball Set : This is the one to get for your little guy -LRB- or girl -RRB- . I is wellbuilt and works perfectly .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 I have been looking for a shooting rest for quite awhile . I saw this while browsing on Amazon and decided to order . It was order , shipped and recieved in 5 days . I took it to the range to sight in my FPK Dragonuv and it worked perfectly.If you are looking for a good quality , low cost shooting rest . Buy this product .
 This sweatshirt was great quality - very nice ! It was easy to order and it came packaged great . The size was true to size also - not too big or too small ! Perfect !
 My order arrived quickly and was not damaged in the the trip , which I was pleased about . All in all a good product it is exactly what I expected and I 'm and very happy with whole purchase .
 This sweatshirt was great quality - very nice ! It was easy to order and it came packaged great . The size was true to size also - not too big or too small ! Perfect !
 I use this pad in one of my kayaks , and so far I like it . It is `` held in place , '' if I can say that , by your body weight and a -LRB- mildly -RRB- no slip surface on its underside . It has three tiny loops -LRB- as pictured -RRB- , but in my boat , at least , there really is n't any use for the loops . I was worried that it might slide around when I am paddling hard , but that has n't happened . There is n't any way to adjust the size , so you should measure your kayak seat to see if this pad will work in your boat .
 Great pad , just as advertised . I use it on a motorcycle , not a kayak . Really helps with comfort on long trips !
 I have a good seat in my kayak , but after several hours even a good seat can become numbing . Tried the Yakpad and found that even after several hours the seat is still comfortable , probably thru better weight distribution -LRB- I 'm 180 lbs . -RRB- . I have not had the opportunity to try it for a longer period , but I 'm fairly confident that the comfort would last as long as I can stand to row at any one stretch.Gel-filled Paddle Saddle
 This seat is a great fit and comfortable in my Pelican Pursuit 100 . It makes a big difference in the backside in long paddling excursions and drys quickly . I highly recommend this gel filled seat .
 When I first felt this pad with my fingers , I doubted it would do much at all . But I was surprised . We bought this for our son 's kayak seat - an older Necky with hard plastic seat . The day it arrived he had already left to go camping with Boy Scouts for the weekend . I had a huge sewing project and used it all weekend on my hard wood dining room chair . It really did work well . Again , I was totally surprised this thing worked , but it really did . My tail end did n't ache or hurt in any way after using for about 8 hours straight . My Necky kayak has a padded seat , but I think this will feel better than the padded seat and plan to order one for me too .
 I was looking for something to relieve the pain from my sciatic nerve while kayaking and this is the ticket . I used to only go for 45 minutes max without having to get out of the kayak and walk around ; since buying this I have been able to go all day without any numbness or pain .
 I bought this for the kayak . When we opened it , and looked at it , but did n't plan on going kayaking in December , so I placed it on the hard wooden office chair . And there is sits today . My wife found it too comfortable to let it go fishing . I snuck away with it last week , and used in on a canoe seat , and my legs never got numb , except from the cold .
 Seems excellent quality . I wish the mounting loops were a bit smaller . Other than that it looks great .
 I 've had one for 8 years and it 's still working well . Bought another kayak and bought another YAKPAD . Wife has two kayaks as well , and she now has two YAKPADS . Would n't sit in the kayak for a long distance without one . I love it . It is a good product . I 'd recommend the YAKPAD to anyone who has a kayak .
 This Yakpad works great . I find myself being able to go on long treks and not trying to adjust myself or finding my butt getting numb . Definitely a great product and highly recommend !
 The Yakpads Gel-Filled Paddle Saddle is a alot more than just some foam pad . It is filled with a gel that cushions and conforms better than a foam pad ever could although it does weigh a fair amount for it size . It was pretty easy to rig into my kayak and have no plans to take it out ! :--RRB- -RRB-
 On May 15 I will leave on the Sunshine Paddle -LRB- sunshinepaddle.com -RRB- up the east coast of the USA and my seat was worn out ... this pad will make my behind feel just pampered and fits my seat properly ... thank you this is a great thing : -RRB-
 Bought it for my boyfriend for Valentine 's Day , he loved it ! Great price and fast shipping ! Thanks much ! Could n't be happier with this purchase .
 Blythe Arizona to Martinez Lake Arizona , In conduction w / the Crack of Dawn Apex 1 is a real ass savor .
 A neccessity for comfort on a hard plastic seat . So glad I got this and well worth the price !! Saved my tailbone !
 We bought two cushions for our two new kayaks and then set out on our first kayak adventure . While the first two cushions really helped with seat hardness , our lower backs were bruised by the hard seat backs in the kayak . We bought a second pair , installed them as back rests , and all is right with the world ! Great product !!!
 The seat pad is great very comfortable . It is skinny but still comfortable . I definitely recommend this seat pad to someone looking for more comfort .
 This pad is a lifesaver ! I paddled for over 6 hours yesterday and my bottom was the only thing that did n't get sore .
 The Yakpads gel saddle seat seems quite thin upon opening it , I 'd say barely an inch and so I was worried it would n't serve as any extra comfort for my riding partner.Thankfully I was wrong and just that little extra padding aided comfort so much on longer rides . I attached it using the three loops and some long black zip ties and frankly it looks like part of the bike . Thanks to the shape it has it should accommodate a variety of pillion seat sizes - I have it with the wider part closest to me but it may work better on your ride the other way around.Either way - this is a really inexpensive -LRB- especially compared to some other brands -RRB- way to add some cushion for your passenger and one I highly recommend .
 Great and comfortable gel seat . Such a seat makes a big difference on our long distance paddles.KayakGuide.comPlaces to Paddle -LRB- tm -RRB-
 For those of you who have little meat on your behind ... this is the perfect product . My husband can now spend more time kayaking
 This sweatshirt was great quality - very nice ! It was easy to order and it came packaged great . The size was true to size also - not too big or too small ! Perfect !
 As a sports photographer , a seat like this can be a lifesaver when sitting on the baseline of a basketball court . I 've gone through countless versions of this type of chair , but this one is comfortable and appears to have solid build quality .
 This sweatshirt was great quality - very nice ! It was easy to order and it came packaged great . The size was true to size also - not too big or too small ! Perfect !
 Excellent product . To bad that it is not available in Grey . The comfort is much better than higher priced underwear . Delivery was as promised ; quick . Champion Boxer Brief 2 Pack u437Champion Boxer Brief 2 Pack u437
 If your family likes football , this dress up uniform is great fun . Make believe you play in the NFL ; choose a different team for each child . The jersey is very durable and can be passed down to younger siblings .
 Could not be happier with the little Seahawks uniform . Luckily the smallest size they had was for a child 2 years older than my grandson , because these run small and it fit beautifully . Fun for game day , and Halloween . Very happy with my purchase .
 As a sports photographer , a seat like this can be a lifesaver when sitting on the baseline of a basketball court . I 've gone through countless versions of this type of chair , but this one is comfortable and appears to have solid build quality .
 The Ky Wildcats shirt was purchased as a Christmas gift . I was pleased with the quality and vibrant colors of the shirt . I purchased an XLarge as there was no Large in stock and hoped it would shrink . There is NO shrinkage even after being washed and dried several times . That is normally a good thing ! He likes the shirt so much he wears it often even if it is big on him . I highly recommend it , but order the correct size .
 After buying swim briefs in sport stores and online , most major brands like Speedo , Tyr , Adidas , etc. , most swim briefs were tight , or with incomplete rear coverage . Not Argonswim , the manufacturer of these swim briefs . In the description of their product they state their sizes run true . Initially I was skeptical and ordered one size larger as I learned to do with other brands . When they arrived , they were too large . I was able to return them -LRB- unworn , of course ! -RRB- , received a replacement that fit me perfectly . Impeccable tailoring , perfect fit , bright , vivid colors , smoothest feel . I reordered in several additional colors and are now my favorites for the pool and beach . Try them
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 The Ky Wildcats shirt was purchased as a Christmas gift . I was pleased with the quality and vibrant colors of the shirt . I purchased an XLarge as there was no Large in stock and hoped it would shrink . There is NO shrinkage even after being washed and dried several times . That is normally a good thing ! He likes the shirt so much he wears it often even if it is big on him . I highly recommend it , but order the correct size .
 I 've used Amdro for years and it does work . However , it is soybean based and will become rancid over time if not kept refrigerated . That 's been my experience .
 I 've used Amdro for years and it 's always been very effective at rapidly destroying colonies . Now that does n't mean ants do n't come back - if your neighbors have ants and are n't controlling 'em , the ants -LRB- esp . fire ants -RRB- will recolonize at some point . Maybe even the same summer , after rains and winds have scattered your Amdro.I use Amdro as an outdoor perimeter defense around the house and - though I bet the experts might not recommend it -LRB- as they think you 'll drop hundreds of Amdro pellets in a heap near your near your cat or baby -RRB- I very lightly spread some Amdro along the kitchen baseboards and bedroom baseboards . I 've had outbreaks there , now and then , and after doing the inside , those ants never reappeared.Amdro 's expensive conidering how small the package is , but it 's effective
 I had been fighting a war against fire ants all year . We tried sprays , powders and bait traps . Nothing worked . The ants were all over the yard like a plague . You had to watch every step . I was looking through different websites trying to find a jewel of information that would help me get rid of these pests without hiring an exterminator . I came across a comment that recommended this product as having good results . Basically , all I have to say is they 're all gone . You ca n't ask for better performance than that . One note , though , in case someone might not read the fine print on the bottle
 I do not usually write reviews , but I read them all the time . I am very grateful to those who do write them . So , I have battled ants for months . Spent a lot of money on various traps . A friend recommended the Amdro granules.I was blown away . The ants were gone and out of the house in less than an hour . We spread it all around the foundation of the house . A week later - still gone . Amazing . Not sure what is in it , but it beats the ant traps hands down .
 Fantastic !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had hundreds and hundreds of fire ants up in the mountains where I live . I am allergic to their bites and my new pup is also . I used about 3 capfuls around the mound . The next day , there were only about a dozen lingering . Used 1 more capful . Have n't seen them since . -LRB- It 's now been a week -RRB- . Strongly recommend this product .
 I tried many products . Amdro is the best . And it does n't take a lot . Spread some around the mound and a just light sprinkle on top . The forager class of the colony leaves the mound searching for food and do n't expect to find it on the mound . And no need to disturb the mound , that brings out the soldiers who ignore the food . The foragers also feed the queen first making her the first to die .
 So the other day I was minding my business tree-trimming , when 15-20 red ants thought it would be a smart tactical move to crawl onto my feet and let slip the dogs of war . Well , they won that battle but thanks to this product , they lost the war.After hosing off my feet and applying liberal amounts of calamine , I fired off an order for some of this well-reviewed ant poison . I received and applied it Tuesday night , and went to check results Thursday morning , 36 hours later.The nests are annihilated . Completely dried up , devoid of ant life . Ghost towns . I missed one nest , it was still full of ants , but every single mound I poisoned is 100 % dead . I call that pretty effective . I am rarely impressed this much with the effectiveness of a product . If you have fire ants and want them to die a near-instant chemical death , because that 's what the get for being jerks , this is the weapon of choice .
 The best out their and depending on how bad your infestation is it will work in a matter of days . just use a little bit around the mounds they will start grabbing them right away
 Never used it for fire ants , but seems to work miracles for all the other kinds of ants around here in AZ. . They usually disappear within hours ! And do n't come back for many months or longer . I just had some ants come in last week . Poured some amdro where they were coming in and all around outside where I could see them . Next day , all gone . Been over a year since I 've had any come in the house . Did the same thing last time I saw some . Same result . Did n't store it in the fridge , just under the sink . Had it for a couple years now .
 It killed off the ants I had had problems with or years in less than 24 hours . Poof ! They were gone but not just them ; that night I noticed dozens of cockroaches eating the stuff as well . The loved it ! In a few days I started finding dead roaches all around my driveway and front sidewalk .
 Just need to keep applying as the ants flee your yard only to return later with a new queen in the rest of her brood .
 10-07-2012 Update
 this product is the best for getting rid of those giant stinging wild red ants that are all around New Mexico .
 The Ky Wildcats shirt was purchased as a Christmas gift . I was pleased with the quality and vibrant colors of the shirt . I purchased an XLarge as there was no Large in stock and hoped it would shrink . There is NO shrinkage even after being washed and dried several times . That is normally a good thing ! He likes the shirt so much he wears it often even if it is big on him . I highly recommend it , but order the correct size .
 Super comfortable on the face with very thick lining . It did accumulate moisture when my brother was wearing it , , , but when I wore it there were no problems , I guess it depends on facial structure ... clear visibility and protects against the sun .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 I got this ball mount with the CURT swappable ball stemhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007LZXE0/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02The extra length is great ! it allows me to open the tail gate without it banging down on the jack stand of my trailer . Also it does n't weigh that much so I can take it out when not in use with ease .
 Mount is as expected but `` Mount 2 , Drop 4 '' , Rise 2 '' , Length 8-1/8 '' & 11-1/8 '' DOES NOT include the `` completely factory-torqued trailer ball '' as the product description states .
 I got this ball mount with the CURT swappable ball stemhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007LZXE0/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02The extra length is great ! it allows me to open the tail gate without it banging down on the jack stand of my trailer . Also it does n't weigh that much so I can take it out when not in use with ease .
 Mount is as expected but `` Mount 2 , Drop 4 '' , Rise 2 '' , Length 8-1/8 '' & 11-1/8 '' DOES NOT include the `` completely factory-torqued trailer ball '' as the product description states .
 I bought this Redskins blanket for my brother and his wife 's baby shower . It was a huge hit , and they were very happy with it . Good quality blanket at a very decent price . Thanks a lot . : -RRB-
 My daughter loves this . It is probably the sturdiest piece of ballet clothing she has .
 I bought this back pack for my son for Christmas because he saw it and wanted to have it for an early Christmas gift before he went to Haiti the week of Dec. 16 , 2007 . He packed this full of his clothes , clothes for those in the villege , his tent , water bottle and more stuff and still has some room . He walked up a mountain that took them over an hour to climb and the 2 days back down again . It went through customes 2 times and then all the way back here to Middle Georgia . It was a great gift for him and he still gets usage out of it . This was a mission trip and it was great for him ! Wonderful product !!
 The Ky Wildcats shirt was purchased as a Christmas gift . I was pleased with the quality and vibrant colors of the shirt . I purchased an XLarge as there was no Large in stock and hoped it would shrink . There is NO shrinkage even after being washed and dried several times . That is normally a good thing ! He likes the shirt so much he wears it often even if it is big on him . I highly recommend it , but order the correct size .
 This is a gift and it arrived on time and was just as described . Hopefully , my boyfriend will be very pleased .
 This was great for wrapping a gift for my favorite Cubbies fan ! Great quality paper that came in large sheets .
 Kevlar belts make these tires worth the extra money . Many miles since installation and NO FLATS .
 This bib is great as a novelty item , but its not very durable . Seeing as how it was bought more as a gift to make the father of the baby smile , it has done its job . I would buy this again if the next new father or mother is a bruins fan as well .
 Head would n't work anymore , big problem with 3 kids . Rebuilt toilet in 1/2 hr . Easy . Read through instructions several times before starting and then look at exploded parts diagram . Easy .
 This is the same product you would get at West Marine but for significantly less . Be sure to visit the Jabsco site to understand what parts are included .
 Some people like thicker and some like thinner ... I will start by saying I am a beginner Yoga enthusiast . This mat has been perfect for me . It does n't seem too thin or too thick and it sticks nicely . It is very pretty and to me very functional . I have back problems and I can also use it to `` adjust '' my back .
 When it comes to buying yoga products I need to make sure that I have the proper materials that fit my needs when taking classes . This Wai Lana Yoga mat not only looks good but has enough thickness and comfort when performing moves . I would highly recommend this mat to anyone who loves yoga ...
 This call reaches out and locates that big Tom for you . It does not have your normal box call pitch . It is much higher . I seem to be able to locate some birds when most people have trouble . Anyways would highly recommend . Just do n't use it where I hunt ...
 I 've had this call before and loved it . But , I somehow lost it and have n't been able to find one . Well , found it on Amazon and then was worried it would n't sound the same but the picture was exactly what I got and wanted . It sounds like the one I had before . The call is a larger call so it can be loud , but with a little touch you can get softer sounds . I have my favorite box call again ... Thanks !
 This sportswear is very good for daily or sport . It has a very excellent design , and the material is comfortable and durable . It 's waterproof is also very good , no water inside in a rain . I like columbia very much!The only thing I feel dispointed is its color .
 After buying swim briefs in sport stores and online , most major brands like Speedo , Tyr , Adidas , etc. , most swim briefs were tight , or with incomplete rear coverage . Not Argonswim , the manufacturer of these swim briefs . In the description of their product they state their sizes run true . Initially I was skeptical and ordered one size larger as I learned to do with other brands . When they arrived , they were too large . I was able to return them -LRB- unworn , of course ! -RRB- , received a replacement that fit me perfectly . Impeccable tailoring , perfect fit , bright , vivid colors , smoothest feel . I reordered in several additional colors and are now my favorites for the pool and beach . Try them
 I am not very computer literate , so bear with me . Arizona Diamondbacks are my team ! I 've been to alot of there games and they are the best ! I enjoy shopping on Amazon.Com and Its one of my past times , Ive been looking for this item and glad to see it available for me and my family . Im very pleased and will be on my way to my home soon . I wish this jersey had Webb 's name and number on it , but I have to wait till they decide to make one for him . Very nice jersey cant wait to order it to bring it home .
 the Kenda Krosscyclo Tires were exactly what I wanted and arrived in a timely manner - I am very satisfied - thanks
 hard to find this size at a bike shop cause its for an old bike ... still working for me at least
 These tires were a great fit for old road bike rebuild . Was looking for something little less racy and small , but not too fat mountain-bikish -LRB- the photo actually makes it look a little wider than they really are -RRB- . Great in-between for 1-1/4 wheels ! Definitely right price , and gumwall looks super cool on my black rims -LRB- Alex AP18 's - see my review -RRB- . Will look to how they hold up over time .
 They work and look good . They have better traction and an softer ride than thinner tires with road tread.Just be aware that if you are using a thinner tire that you will want to change the tube for these . They will also be just wide enough to not come out of your quick release brake as easily as your old tire.Other than that . Solid buy at a great price .
 i put a set of these on my nishiki marina saturday.been doing wut i call mixed riding . they grip well on sand , mud , etc. not too much rolling resistance on pavement . i am very happy with the peformance of the tires . ya cant beat the price !!
 Dollar for dollar these have been the best investment into my commuter bike in quite a while . I mounted these on my 1980 's Fuji Touring Series bicycle to replace some 1x1 .25 '' road tires I had been riding on . They fit like a glove on the same rims with the same tubes I was using for my road tires . I 've only been able to make time to put around 75 miles on them since I purchased them . However , those miles have been pretty evenly split between unpaved running trails , very sandy roads , gravel roads , side walks , bicycle lanes and road shoulders . Riding at 70psi gives you a reasonably comfortable ride on rough roads , and I feel little performance loss on paved surfaces since the step down from my 95psi road tires . On the unpaved surfaces I feel like I 'm riding a different bike . I have n't experienced any slips or shifts even when going through light mud or riding along the sand encroached roads that are the Carolinas ' barrier islands . Highly recommend these to anyone looking to bring some live to an older touring bike , the only thing to watch may be if you 're bike is n't using traditional center pull caliper brakes , but since mine were center pull , I ca n't speak for what may be clearance issues with some more compact braking methods.Obviously these are low end tires , look at the price . However , for anyone looking to add a little life/versatility to an old 27 '' touring bike without breaking the bank ... these are for you.tl ; dr -- < 3 these .
 These tires do n't have the technology of some of the most expensive sets , but they seem to do the job . If you need a little grip in grass patches or sand patches , and you 're on a tight budget Kenda K161s work .
 Great , I am back on the road again . Could n't find the 27 X 1 3/8 size in any of the local stores or even the two bike shops I visited . Thanks .
 These tires allow you to take a an `` old '' 10 speed style back off the road and also work fine on the street . I would n't recommend them if all you are going to do is ride on pavement but they are great for railroad trails , etc. .
 I bought two pairs of these to outfit two vintage touring bikes for use on gravel and grassy trails as well as paved roads . The tires perform very well on gravel and reasonably smooth hiking trails . At 70 psi , there is only a small penalty in rolling resistance on paved roads compared to higher pressure road tires . The size runs a little small ; they actually measure just barely 1 1/4 inch wide and nowhere near the 37 mm metric equivalent on the sidewall . -LRB- The old 1 1/8 inch tires actually measured 1 1/8 inch wide on these rims . -RRB- Overall , I am happy with both the tires and the reasonable price .
 After 13 years as a bike messenger in a city that sees a lot of snow , I know a bit about winter riding . These tires rock in the winter , if you have the clearance for them . They grip extremely well , and slide out predictably . I look forward to cornering on hardpack snow on these , and I tend to take the snowiest and curviest routes I can , just for the fun of it . And for such a low price , I can afford to replace them every early winter .
 I took a tip from Tom Cuthbertson -LRB- author of Anybody 's Bike Book and several other bike , etc. books -RRB- to try wider tires on the streets for a more comfortable ride . The inflation pressure is less , the tires are a little more bouncy . You are not riding a `` balloon tire bomber '' but you are n't riding a thin tire jarring road bike , either . I have these on my road bike , and have ridden them or similar tires for many years . Kenda are on the cheap side , but it 's gotten hard to find this size tire anywhere nowadays . I 'm glad I thought to look online , else I was going to have to resort to my original 1 1/8 tires , that I took off my Miyata immediately.I have n't had any real problems mounting the tires . What I always do is glue some extra wide polyurethane liners inside the tires using contact cement . This keeps the liners from sliding around and insures that they stay centered in the tire when I 'm assembling the wheel/tire/tube . I 've done this successfully for years and it 's reduced my incidence of flat tires very dramatically . I get not more than 1/3 of the flats I used to get before I started using the liners .
 I have a really old ten speed that I ride with my son on paved and crushed limestone trails . My old road tires were great for the paved trails , but on crushed limestone the bumps from horse hoof impressions were killing me . Instead of buying a new bike with shocks to replace my old 27 '' Nikishiki frame , I bought these tires to give me a little more cushion . I did notice some uneveness on the first seating , but a short ride followed by deflating/reinflating evened them out . They are a great budget buy , but I would recommend Amazon review what box they ship these in . I swear the two I ordered were shipped in a box that was 6 '' x 30 '' x 50 '' . My wife though I bought a new bicycle when she saw the box . Great for the price , but be prepared to spend a little extra time seating them on the rim .
 I 've installed these tires on two different bikes . They perform very well both on the road and on gravel trails . The flotation is very good on gravel & soft earth , traction is excellent , road noise is minimal , and - so far - no flats.You will have to search far & wide for a better value for this price .
 I bought these for my son to take to college . The roads are brick pavers where he normally rides so regular 10 speed road tires would fall into the cracks . He says these work great and ride almost as well as regular road tires .
 I liked the product . I read a review about the gum wall not even around the tire but a black sharpie took care of that thanks amazon
 Need to reskin old Schwinn bike for winter riding and these tires worked out well . I would definitely recommend these tires and seller .
 These took my 10-speed vintage from asphalt-only into the gravel and dirt . Good traction , low rolling resistance too . It no longer feels like cinderblocks when hitting cracks in the road either . The tread is terribly unsymmetrical , like the molding was off a few mm . It seems to make little difference . For $ 16 I would buy them again . Highly recommend for anywhere that has imperfect roads if you have a vintage commuter .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 I bought it for my families Church picnic and it was a hit . Very nice , strong , durable and the ball is the best volleyball I 've ever used . ;--RRB- I 'm very pleased . I 'd like to add that the shiiping was quick ! I expected it later than when I got it . thanks a bunch !!
 I tried a typical pilates tape , and found that too difficult . I wanted something shorter , easier , and targeted to assist with prolapse . I can feel a difference after 2 weeks of use . Problem is n't resolved yet , but there is a definite improvement . And my back feels much better . The Phase 1 work out takes only about 15 minutes . You do have to go through the instruction section a few times to learn the moves , but you can stop the video , and do the exercises while you 're learning . I would recommend the product .
 I am using this video to help with prolapse . It is good , even very good . The format is bit wanting . The introduction is fine . It explains all the movements and how to advance levels . But , when I wanted to move to the more advanced levels on the DVD , I found impossible to follow . There is a clear booklet that comes with the DVD . After using the introduction for a while , I just dropped the DVD and followed the booklet . If you like Pilates and are suffering from prolapse -LRB- which means many Pilates moves are now out -RRB- , you might like this very much . I am not sorry I bought it . I do think that one must listen to their body . There are many types of prolapse and this might not be for everyone .
 There are much fancier panels and switches out there , for sure . This , however , is exactly what I needed . It works exactly as it should , and has given me no trouble whatsoever .
 I bought two of these ten years ago , and they are the best . Still good after all these years . And I disagree that they are too roomy -- they have fit me perfectly .
 Having all the features of a classic compass and the additional capap \ bilities wrapped into one really makes it easy to use . The kids love to find our way back home .
 We purchased one Texas A&M and one Air Force as Christmas gifts . The quality of the paper weight is high quality however , the black padded presentation box is very low quality . I realize the weight is not suppsed to &#34; live &#34; in the box but it made what would be an otherwise high quality gift seem cheap when opened .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 For those looking to update an old downtube/stem mounted shifter road bike without breaking the bank , Sora level components will get the job done .
 Is comfortable for one person , can be easily carried for camping . Provides comfortable sleep . I primarily use it as a guest bed and it serves the purpose well .
 This mat is actually not that bad . I get a pretty good nights sleep on it when ever I use it . The thikness is good enough not to let you feel the floor and it 's light enough to lift and fold very quickly .
 Do n't buy the blow up kind . They suck ! Buy this kind ! Buy two if youre heavier . It 's totally worth it .
 Exactly as advertized . Comfortable . Easily transported . Shipping was QUICK ! I would recommend this item without reservation to anyone needing a little extra sleep space .
 I bought this mattress for camping . I could lay down and sleep on this mattress for 3 nights . It served my purpose . So it was good .
 I had need for a temporary sleeping mat and looked for one that did n't `` crinkle '' because of a plastic cover . I am satisfied with this sleeping mat because of its cloth cover and the pad itself is firm so it provides good support . I was a little surprised that it is slightly wider than a twin size but a twin fitted sheet still can fit over it . I saved the outer plastic wrapping to use when I am storing this long term . I can also see using this mat in our older trailer with the table that breaks into a bed since the chair cushions do n't make great mattresses .
 Simply the best purchase I have ever made ! For anyone who wants a quick and comfortable sleeping mat , this is for you . It is a firm mat so if you like air mattresses the tri-fold may take some getting use to . It is more like a futon used by the Japanese . It is well made and light to carry . It is great for anyone who needs support for back problems or someone who is limited in space .
 Nice trifold . Comfortable to use . Hard to clean though since the cover is not removable .
 My wife and I do occasional camping . We have a three-person tent and usually stay in campgrounds accessible by car . We had a couple thin sleeping pads but my wife always thought they were uncomfortable . Then she spotted these foldable mats and suggested that we get a couple . She added that we could also use them as beds when we get visitors to our small house which lacks a guest room.We 've gone camping with them twice now . They 're very bulky and take up a lot of space in the car , but we have a Honda Element SUV and they fit . They 're very large for a tent also . When spread out , the two of them take almost all the floor space in a three-person tent , but they fit . As for sleeping , they provide an excellent surface . My wife says they 're the best tent mattresses she has ever slept on , despite the difficulties . I agree.We 've recently had guests stay at the house . With a single guest , we doubled up both pads and they provided an excellent sleeping surface . With two people , each slept on a single mat , The reports were that the single mat was rather firm , but worked well . At least , it was a lot better than checking in at a local motel.All in all , we 're satisfied with the mats and think we 'll get a lot of use out of them . They 're very bulky and are difficult to store , either in the garage or in the back of the car during transport.Gary Peterson
 I do n't usually write reviews , but after last night I had to . I found this mattress at Amazon a few weeks ago and read through the comments . They just opened a Costco in my town -LRB- but I 'm not a member -RRB- , so I asked someone to check it out for me . They brought it back to me today . $ 47 and it comes with a very nice carrying bag -LRB- that I will use to store blankets in -RRB- . I was a little shocked at how thin it was . I have been sleeping on an exercise platform/table for the last few months -LRB- I sleep at work -RRB- and it is as hard as a rock . I brought in my fold-out mattress/chair that I had in my van , but it is a kid 's item I picked up at a second hand store and is pretty worn . The cushions on it are depressed from me sleeping on it every night and it is very uncomfortable.When I got my new tri-fold , I tossed the other mattress aside and quickly covered the new one with a regular sheet and piled on my blankets -LRB- the blankets cover me , there is nothing between the mattress and me except for the sheet -RRB- . When I laid down on it I was shocked . IT IS REALLY FIRM . Then suddenly it seems to go soft . Like you are laying on a cloud or something . I ca n't really explain it.Last night was the absolute best night of sleep I have had since sleeping on a regular bed . Better , since all I could think was `` this thing was less than $ 50 ! '' I 've been up and down several times and every time I lay down the same thing happens . It first feels like you are lying on a hard surface , then suddenly it feels like a soft mattress . It is really great.I will be using this in my van when I go on vacation in a few months . Nothing like stealth parking in your favorite vacation spot to keep costs down . If something changes I will post an update .
 Bought this because I needed something to sleep on when visiting relatives , and with back issues , it had to be something really supportive/firm . This foldable mat was the perfect solution . Lightweight , so is very easy to set up and put away . Before getting this , I read reviews on a number of other similar products on Amazon , and some of the other products were said to have a foul odor - not so with this mat , perhaps because it 's made in the U.S.A. No odor at all with this , so no need to air it out for days before using it . Best of all , the mat is great to sleep on . I like it so much that I might get another one for my home if my own mattress continues to give me problems .
