 Got these for my husbands birthday . He always wanted some white ones and feel in love with them when he saw them .
 Tha NOVO is a great shoe ; light , comfortable , and the leather is real soft . I wear them both with dress and casual outfits . I bought the Oxford Tan first , wore them for a month and decided to buy a second pair in brown . I recommend the NOVO to anybody who is looking for a stylish , comfortable shoe with a great value .
 The color and wash of these are so much nicer looking than regular brown loafers you 'd find somewhere else.The person I bought them for needed to exchange them for half a size down than his usual .
 This is a good shoe , but not an excellent one . I purchased it 3 months ago and it 's holding well . It 's very comfortable .
 Amazing shoe for the price - I purchased the white one 's at $ 25 with free shipping , which is an amazing discount . Very unique , sharp looking style has gotten loads of compliments .
 As far as driving shoes concerned , their not the best I 've ever had , but they 're pretty close . I only wear them out on the weekends , but they 've held up pretty well so far . Being that the leather is white , actually makes taking care of them pretty easy with the use of a shoe whitener . However , the leather seems not quite as sturdy as other shoes I 've purchased , but then again , with a gift card , these only cost me $ 10 . A solid purchase for if I may say so .
 I would have rated the shoes with 5 stars , but they run half a size larger than what I usually wear , besides that they are great .
 The shoes were a gift for my husband . He loves them . They are little tight in the toebox , otherwise great .
 These fit beautifully and are perfect for almost any use . The upper is all leather with a leather lining , which is nice .
 I have received so many compliments on this shoe , especially when wearing it with Jeans and Colored shirt at work . Pefect shoe for Business Casual. , comfortable and stylish .
 Really , wish i ordered two pairs , hard to find shoes like these and they last a decent amount of time .
 Great shoe ... soft , sleek looking , comfortable and the process was extremely easy to use ... I pick the wrong size and was able to return and receive a new pair within a week
 This is my second pair of these shoes . They are comfortable with or without socks . For the price it is a good shoe . Excellent for casual wear or as a dress shoe .
 The shoes are very sleek and comfortable . I wore them during a date night with my wife and it completed the look . I 'd recommend these shoes to all Steve Madden fans !
 I used these shoes for three years as my daily shoes during residency training in busy clinic/hospital where I would walk/Stand for several hours . After those three years , the shoes insoles were already worn so I added Dr Scholl 's insoles to reinforce it . Yet the leather and the outside soles still maintained its crisp and unworn look . A lot of people would see these shoes and comment that my new shoes looked nice . They would be surprised when I tell them I have had them for years.Unfortunately , I have to move on with new shoes after using these for so long . But I am already very impressed and committed to Steve Madden shoes , so I am buying the Steve Madden Men 's Nobyll Loafers . They look alike , but at least a bit different . I just ordered these and wanted to add a few lines in favor of my Novo shoes as a gratitude to a well built shoe . `` I will miss you good Novo . '' Sob sob sob .
 I bought them as a gift for my husband and he really likes them . They are a little stiff and need to be broken in but other than that they are nice .
 Nice pair of business casual shoes , but I am not sure if they are meant for daily use . For the price , they are a steal of a deal .
 SUPER SEXY SUPER GREAT PRODUCT . Got them for my husband and he loves them . very great good looking with the white thread . better than the black shoes with black thread . highly recommend for hot husbands everywhere
 I have worn these shoes for years . They last me about 7 years -LRB- alternating black and tan ones , that is -RRB- . Have them re-soled several times . The leather is thick and high quality so the shoes are initially stiff and require breaking in . This takes wearing a few times and I have even gotten blisters during break-in . But , once they fit you , they are great and polishing and sole dressing makes them look new after several years of use .
 I used to buy these Florsheim Imperials when I was in college , 40 years ago and am very pleased that the quality has n't dropped one stitch even though they are n't American made . This is my second pair I have purchased and I am extremely pleased with the shoes .
 These are well made shoes in the perfect order of shoe manufacturing . The view of the product though does not shoe the difference between a pimpled finished as to a smooth gloss finish
 Anyone in the professional world knows that image and appearance matter . These shoes absolutely state prestige .
 The Florsheim Imperial was always a better than average shoe back when shoes were made all over the U.S. I saw these in black and thought `` uh oh '' . The Floesheim retailer does not have these and the guy at Florsheim ca n't tell me who has them . I took a chance on Amazon . The shoes fit just like a 10.5 D is supposed to . Amazing ! Stiff , shiny leather . They cut under both ankles and were close around the ball of the foot for a few days just like they were when you could buy them back in the ' 70 's . Preventative bandaid on the left heel for only one day . Two weeks later I have great looking , broken in shoes that actually fit . My feet are n't tired and overworked after walking around the office all day . I only wish they were made in USA . Nevertheless , the shoe has twice the character of the rubberized footwear so commonplace these days . Thank you Amazon for a great price on a real pair of shoes .
 I own the black and the cognac colors of this shoe . I only wish I could afford every color . These are my favorite shoes . They are very comfortable for a leather soled shoe . The first time I wore the black pair was to a wedding . Danced all night without a blister . Keep shoe-trees in them and they 'll last a long long time . They are true to size in my experience.My only criticism is that the laces are garbage . Order a few pairs of waxed laces for them . Much classier .
 These are traditional leather brogues - or oxford wingtips in US speak - as some have noted in previous reviews they need ` wearing in ' as the leather is stiff when new but they mould to the foot and quickly form into excellent fitting footwear . Great price , great presentation . Hard to beat for value/function/price .
 I have had these boots for two years now . I love them so much that I have ordered a pair of tall ones for those extra messy days . I never have wet feet when I ware these !
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 My son has loved these shoes . Barring any premature breakdown in quality -LRB- he has only had them for a week -RRB- , these are a really nice shoe .
 I really like the shoe , however , it is wide at the heel . I use an insert in the shoe and it works well . Good looking shoe with very soft leather .
 THESE REVIEWS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT THE PRODUCT - NOT THE SELLER ! SO DISREGARD THE PREVIOUS 2 REVIEWS ! ALL PROPET SHOES ARE FABULOUS ! QUALITY & COMFORT ! AND NO - I 'M NOT AFFILIATED WITH PROPET IN ANY WAY ! JUST AN EXTREMELY SATISFIED CUSTOMER OF ALL PROPET SHOES FOR 8 YEARS NOW : -RRB-
 LOVE the boots ! I was a little nervous ordering boots online because I 've have bad luck with boots fitting properly . I lucked out because these fit perfectly . They look very nice and seem sturdy . Not much sole/arch support but that 's easily fixed with some gel pads . Love the connivence of the side zipper . With my last boots it was a chore lacing the boots and having them become loose and having to constantly re-lace them to tighten them . Very pleased with these boots !
 Feels like a tennis shoe , I have owned every type of combat boot , these are so comfortable you can even run in them . I wear them all the time and so far no probs , knock on wood . I wear them when I go dancing , at school and anywhere . They are hot . I can see what everyone means buy the cheap material though , they are somewhat cheap but whatever . I like them .
 The mini - `` belt '' near the top of the boot does not accommodate large calves very well . I had to add another hole in order to be able to fasten it.Other than that , they fit well and are comfortable . Finally , knee-high boots without high heels !
 Many months ago I bought a pair on sale . They were extremely light and comfy , and matched with just about everything . The only down side to these is the quality of the zipper tends to break easily . Thus what happened to me . :-LRB- Though that happened , I 'm planning to buy another pair . Totally a great buy and worth every penny .
 True to size . I purchased these boots for a Halloween Costume , but have worn them for every day because I like them so much . I placed a shoe pad with extra arch support in the bottom and they are extremely comfortable now . Although vinyl , they look leather .
 I give these 4 stars and not 5 because the calf strap needed to have an extra hole punched to fit properly . However , these boots are great otherwise . They fit exceptionally well . I wear a size 6.5 and find these to be incredibly true to size . I also find them to have a very large calf circumference . I wear a designer petite size 4 , but have snowboarder 's calves . They measure 15 &#34; ! Finding boots that fit well in both the foot & calf are always a challenge because of this . I would highly recommend these to anyone with a similar problem . Take the chance and actually buy them in your size . I think you will be pleasantly surprised . If you have a calf larger than 15 &#34; , I would highly recommend the Nana Pole Climber boots . They also fit larger calves and run incredibly true to size . Hope this helps someone out there with muscular legs !
 Love these boots . They fit true to size , I am an 8 and that is what I ordered and they fit great ; even on my wide flat feet :--RRB- . The other cool thing is you can adjust the laces to accomodate calves . My calves are 15 1/2 &#34; and I had no problems . Very fun addition to my winter shoe collection . Worked great over my skinny jeans too!Seller is awesome , great customer service . Very pleased with my purchase .
 I was very satisfied with the overall quality of these boots they are soft `` pleather '' sleek sexy boots with a military-esque appeal to them , at a decent price . I purchased these boots for my girlfriend for Christmas this year , and just to be sure they fit and that she liked them I had her try them on . They are a Women 's size 9 yet she felt they were more like a 8,8-1 / 2 tops but tighter is better than loose on this style of boots.I ca n't really say much about the soles , kind of basic not a lot of grip but these are not real combat boots of course . nice for show , we 'll see how they wear I hope they hold up for many years . Over all kick-ass chick boots .
 These boots fit very well . The sizes are true . Plus , they are very well made . I am definitely pleased with this purchase .
 Fast Shipment . Fast Delivery . Adjustable for skinny or thicker calves . Scuffs easily but a wet paper towel removes that . Mud/water resistant . I love them and they break in so easily !
 These are great ... not leather but they seem to be very well made . HOWEVER , I ordered a size 10 because that usually gives me lots of extra room for thick socks for the wintertime , but even without socks , my big toe pushes into the end without even standing up . I would say this &#34; 10 &#34; is more like a 9 ... maybe a small 9-1/2 . So order a size too big when you order . Otherwise , they are great .
 I bought these for my Mad Alice costume for Halloween . They fit my narrow calves perfectly -LRB- 12.5 -RRB- . They are comfortable and the materials are very nice . I have even worn them a few times to work with jeans . The price was affordable too .
 I had ordered this item before a size 9 and they fit really small . I had to return those and order from amazon for a size 10 . The material of the boot is kind of cheep but they are substantial . The boots have a wonderful feature that the calf section can be adjusted both the belt and the laces to suit your comfort . If you have a thin ankle it might sag at that part of the boot . Its runs a bit narrow but thin socks fix that . There also isnt much arch support for your feet but I plan on buying some inserts . Ill be wearing them for a week straight and will get back to you to see how they go .
 I got these Boots for my daughter in law , And she just loves them , It was for her Birthday on the 21st of this month , I had to give them to her as soon as I got them . They were so nice and I got them real fast . Thank You Very Much . Wanda Kramer
 I 'm a big boot fan , and I love these !! After a couple years of heavy use they 're still holding together . They are showing some wear , but they still look and fit well enough to continue wearing . Super comfortable . They are pretty true to size . I usually wear a 7 or 7.5 , and i ordered a 7 but a 7.5 probably would 've fit just a tad better . I kept them though a end they were just fine . I HIGHLY recommend these !
 I bought these boots last year because I wanted a pair of knee-high boots that did n't have a giant , chunky sole . I love these boots . I have back problems and ca n't wear a high heel . These are very comfortable and light . The only downside to them is that they scuff easily and are faux leather . I will be purchasing another pair of them this year . Keep in mind that I wore them every day -LRB- even in summer -RRB- so that may be why they got beat up so easily . Other than that , I would suggest them to anyone looking for this style of boot that does n't have alot of money to spend .
 Just received these today and I love them . Fit true to size , and I love how you can undo the strap and unlace them to loosen or tighten them to fit you just right . Very happy with my purchase .
 While the product page says the boots have a fourteen inch opening , the laces will loosen up to fit a much larger calf . My calves measure 16.5 inches at the widest point and these boots still fir perfectly , even to the point where I can wear them over jeans . They are also super lightweight , though I will be getting a pair of insoles , though I have lousy feet . Foot portion seems to fit very true to size and the material feels great to the touch . Ca n't wait to wear these !
 I 've been needing some new kickers since my daughter 's dog ate my last ones -LRB- evil stare at dog -RRB- and these fit the bill nicely . I prefer a hook lace up , but these work fine . I 'm going to be in the mountains this winter and wanted something that would protect my feet and provide traction , all the while looking like they kick butt . These do the job . The belt is a bit unnecessary , but an interested touch . I wear a size 7.5 and ordered that and they fit fine.The only thing I do n't like are the laces . These boots are made for more of a cord type lacing instead of the shoestring type they come with . That 's remedied easy enough , though .
 I just received these boots and for the price , they are great ! I wear a 7-1/2 to 8 size , but usually a 7-1/2 so that is what I ordered and they fit great -- definitely true to size . I have small ankles and calves so it was great that I could tighten the laces and now they fit perfectly . If you have a larger calf , you can easily widen the laces to make them fit . Having the zipper on the side is perfect -- barely visible , but makes them so easy to put on and take off . Yes , they do scuff , but I have found that all boots do , regardless of if they are leather or fake . I have a more expensive pair of real leather boots and the scuffs in them are worse ! I actually use a black Sharpie-type marker on any scuffs that are discolored and it totally covers up the scuff . I will definitely buy these again . I might buy another pair now just to make sure I have another pair in case they are discontinued ... you can not beat the price and they really look great . I highly recommend them and love them , wear them almost every day !
 These boots are great quality for a low price . I could n't find knee-high lace-up combat boots that looked decent for under $ 70 until I found these . Great product and really comfortable as well .
 This pair of boots are really nice looking and really comfortable.You can wear these and walk for long distances with no problem.I live in a place with really cold weather and these boots can actually keep my feet warm.I ordered them with half a size larger than my normal size and they fit well.The only problem is that around the size around the leg is a little tight.These boots are really good , I 'm glad I bought them .
 Nice vegan boots , I was afraid because is not so common that the foot ware could be nice and cruelty free , but they are just like I imagine . The product arrive quickly . Bad thing , shipment too expensive to Europe . Next I 'll think twice to order or look for a local supplier .
 They are n't the BEST quality but I think they are going to hold up just fine ... . I bought them for halloween but have worn them several times since ... -LRB- Have them on right now -RRB- I did put a cushion in the bottom -LRB- they do n't have alot of support in the sole , but thats a cheap and easy fix -RRB- They look really cute , I get lots of compliments ! I think they will be great this winter when its snowy and wet ! And before I bought these I was reading the other reviews ... They kept saying that the size was different then what they usually wore ... . I wear 7 in most all my shoes and thats what I ordered and they fit perfectly
 The shoes look great . The sizing definitely RUNS SMALL ! I measured my foot before purchasing and found that a Size 9 was way too tight . They fit but eventually I think I would get a bruise on my big toe or it would make a hole in the shoe hahaha . That 's just uncomfortable . So I suggest buying a 1 SIZE UP ! I was sketchy about 1 size up but they fit like my actual shoe size . I used them for my halloween costume . Check out my outfit ! -LRB- http://tinyurl.com/crvloga -RRB- Although walking around in them for a couple of hours doing trick or treating hurt my feet . I might throw in some gel soles .
 Nice boots for the price . Tend to be a bit squeaky when you walk . They also are very true to size . I wear an 8.5 , which is what I ordered and there is minimal room left . The calf area is extremely snug . I have a size 12 calf and the boot is very snug ! Nice boot and super snug .
 I purchased these boots for my teenage daughter and she really likes them . We tried similar boots on in a store and the zipper broke while she was walking around in them . She has worn these boots around a month and the only problem is a little scratch in the toe that is n't noticable . All in all a good purchase .
 I bought a pair of these a couple of years ago and loved them . They do n't last like real leather does , but that 's the price you pay for vegan shoes , and they were such a reasonable price that I feel I got more than my money 's worth in compliments when I wore them!I was delighted to find these in my size , on sale on Amazon and snapped them up . I 'll still wear the old ones for slogging around the park with the dogs , and wear these when I go out.They are very comfortable . I bought them in 10M - my size is 9.5 M but that 's a hard size to find in any shoe , and size 10 works perfectly with this boot . I could jog in them if I was so inclined ! And they 're sexy - badass without being too `` butch '' ! I definitely recommend these boots . If they 're still around in a couple years , I 'll probably buy yet another pair !
 I purchased the boots for Halloween Costume . They arrived quickly . They do run small . Good thing I read prior reviews and ordered a size up . If you plan on wearing thick socks , you should go 1 1/2 sizes bigger otherwise need to order at least 1 size up or they will be too small.I have small calves , the boots fit perfectly . If you have big calves definitely these boots are not for you . If they were leather I would rate them 5 stars . But other than that , exactly what I paid for . They do look like real combat boots . The length is perfect . Totally satisfied with my purchase .
 I fall in love with this Boot , omg i ware it everywhere i go lol i forgot about all my boots and just ware this sexy one . . a lot of ppl loved it and ask me about it . . i 'm glad nobody has it so far so i feel special haha : -RRB-
 The boots are comfortable , while there is a zipper on the side you can still tighten or loosen the shoe laces that run all the way from the foot to the top of the boot . Not leather , but an excellent deal !
 Got these for me and my daughter to share ... yeah , what was I thinking ?! She grabbed them and wore them and I have n't seen them since ! Adorable !
 I really like these boots - they are lightweight , comfortable and have a nice roomy fit in the foot -LRB- especially the toe area -RRB- . They run true to size , and look great , too . I wanted a good pair of boots I could walk around in -LRB- I do n't do heels ... -RRB- and these fit the bill . The quality is what you would expect - they are not top of the line , but I expect them to hold up pretty well . I 'll get at least a couple of seasons out of them , I 'm sure .
 I rated this product a 5 star because they are more than what i expected ! The Fit is Perfect , the material is not cheap , they are exactly what i was looking all over ever store for ! I wear asize 6 an they are true to size . Others have said they were tight around the calf , but thereare laces for that fix . i did losen them a tad bit just to fit comfortably with skinny jeans.YEs To this Product !! Fast delivery as well !!
 These boots were exactly what I was looking for ! I ordered them a half size up and they fit nicely . I wore them for the first time at Burning Man and they took a bit of getting used to for the first few hours , but they fit comfortably . They lasted through the entire festival and are still kicking it .
 These are some great looking boots , and I definitely was n't disappointed when they arrived ! They look great , and I ca n't wait to wear them around.The sizes do seem to run a tad small , so watch for that when buying . Otherwise , highly recommended !
 I love these boots . I mostly wear anywhere from 7-7W in boots . Size 7 fits me perfect . I have had mine for maybe 8-10 yrs . They are falling apart but I still manage to wear them . If you are a shoe snob , these might not be for you . Some of the plastic has worn off on the top of the boot in the front -LRB- which I fixed with a black sharpie -RRB- . After 8 or more years , the bottoms are coming unglued . Recently , one of the lacing eyelet popped off . The zipper has held up amazingly well.Great for all sizes , because the are lace up and the zipper makes it easy to take on and off . The Sole grips well , so they are great in the rain . I personally like the fact that these books are not real leather . I try to avoid leather as much as possible . So for being man made , these have done really well . My only beef is that , since they do fall apart and you eventually have to buy new ones , which I am doing today , they should offer a discount purchase on your 2nd , 3rd , etc pair.Still , I imagine I will be back in another 10 years to buy another pair .
 I wanted to wait on this review till I wore this boot for a few weeks . This is the best pair of boots I have bought in a very long time . They are also so very stylish . I always get a compliment on them no matter where I go .
 I usually wear 8 - 8.5 . I ordered the 8.5 . Fits great . Very comfortable for all day wear . Also warm . The laces can be loosened for larger calves . The only issue is the squeaking noise . I 've been wearing for about 3 weeks hoping to break them in but still has the squeak .
 my daughter ordered these and i seen them and loved them . they are very comfortable and fashionable too and can probably wear them on my bike too
 I ordered these because , as much as I love my steeltoe work boots , I know they are neither warm or appropriate for everything , like I would n't wear them with a skirt or a dress or anything like that . I love the protection they provide -LRB- my family worries about me constantly because I am a small , attractive blond with an independent streak and so wearing something that I could easily break an attacker 's shins with gives them and myself some peace of mind -RRB- but in the winter , my toes freeze . So I sought some quality boots that were my style of badass and warm and these fit the bill perfectly . I like having large heels on my boots , but the little 1 1/4 '' heel is nice and very stable , the grip on the bottom seems secure , and I enjoy that the boot goes up to my knee that way I do n't have to worry about my lower legs getting wet or cold during winter . In short , I am thrilled with these boots , they were shipped and arrived mind-blowingly fast and I opted for the supersaver shipping . They are comfy , aesthetically pleasing , have good soles that allow for fair foot movement , and are warm . The only thing that could be better , or at least for me , would be if these came with a steel toe : -RRB-
 I just got them in , delivery was sooner than expected . They are very comfy , and look great with leggings , jeans , just about anything ! I want to order the Tank boot next because it would be nice to have a shorter boot too . The material seem durable , and i know they will lost long if i take care of them . I am very satisfied
 Thank you so much . These are the perfect boots ever ! They have a zipper on the side for easy putting on and the look amazing . I love that they look so brutal yet so sleek and sexy at the same time . Thanks !
 Amazingly comfortable right out of the box . The sizing was perfect , because based on past reviews , I went HALF a size more than I usually wear . They feel like they 're already broken in , which is awesome .
 These boots are fantastic and ordering from Amazon was fast and easy and they had great communication with where everything was .
 These are great boots . Totally worth the price , they might not last as long as actual leather boots but they are still comfortable . They do , however , need to be broken in and until they are they kind of make ` farting ' sounds when you walk , this goes away quickly , so fear not . But do n't walk down a quiet hallway the first day you get them .
 These boots are held together strong , they are a good price , tthey look cute , and the soles are n't extremely hollow like Nana pole climber boots ... . These are waay better than those . Im loving these . I have tiny feet & tighter comfier shoes suit me , these boots are perfect for my feet and they are good and sturdy for high school : D
 I 've been looking for the perfect pair of knee high boots for a while . When I came across these , I was disappointed that I had to settle for such a short heel , but I decided to give them a shot anyway . -LSB- I 'm 4 ' 9 '' , for reference , so I always like to get some extra height , if possible -RSB- . Once these boots were broken in , they were SO perfectly comfortable . I have worn them for a full day , walking all over the place , and have been completely comfortable still by the end of it . These boots are fantastic and I only hope they 'll last through my abuse for at least a couple of years .
 I used to have a pair of the Pole Climber boots from hot topic , and loved them . Wore them straight for three whole years until the soles literally fell off of them . I 've been looking for replacements since , and have either not had the money to spend frivolously , the items were n't worth the price , or just did n't like what I found . These fit everything that I wanted and more!They fit well , though they were a bit snug when I first put them on . Wore them for a day and broke them in fast ; they stretched just enough to be comfortable without letting my foot slide . I was even able to wear them to work the first day I had them , and I work in retail . Stood for a good 7 hours straight with no problems!I 'll definitely be buying a second pair just in case . As soon as they get more 9 's in anyway .
 The boots are fantastic ! Great fit , comfortable to wear all day long , and cool looking . The only thing that could be considered a con about this purchase was that it took almost two weeks just for the item to ship . Once it did though they arrived fairly soon after .
 I have some of the skinniest ankles and calves so look for lace-up boots that I can tighten . These tighten very nicely in the calf area , but I wish they could be tightened a tad bit more in the ankle area . Still , they look good , I just had to cut the laces as they are extremely long if you tighten them a lot . The boots look similar to leather , the material is pretty thick . I would have ordered a 7 if they were real leather as leather stretches out , but I got a 7.5 instead and they fit well . The toe bed is a bit wider than I like , but not too too wide . The tread on the soles , I expect to be good when it gets icy out . I think these are a great bargain !
 When I first got these , I was a little worried about them fitting in the calves -LRB- I 'm a former ballerina , and my legs have retained a lot of muscle -RRB- . The strap at the top was slightly constricting at first , but it started to fit better with time , as I broke the boots in . The laces are plenty long enough for even large adjustments , and the zipper on the side is convenient . They 're definitely too tight to put jeans under , but they look great over a pair of black tights , and I 'm hoping to get leggings to try under them soon . All in all , a great boot for the price . So far , they 've been plenty durable , and quite comfortable , too , once I broke them in . Would recommend !
 I was looking for combat boots , and loved that these were knee high . I tried the black tartan at first , but they were in the wrong size . This was my 3rd pair before I got the right size and style , but now I wear them all the time . They 're really comfortable , and I like how they look with shorts and dresses . I 'm on my feet all day , and do n't have to pull these off the minute I walk in the door . I could wear them every day .
 I am a very frugal , diligent , and meticulous shopper but I really love these boots . Some reviews complain about the amount of space in the calf area but they were fine for me . People , be more aware of your body types and stop blaming perfectly good products ! If you have thicker calf muscles , you obviously require a different style boot lol.Yes , they squeak at little at first but a little baby oil stops that . The baby oil also helps hide scuff marks.I really enjoy these boots and have received many compliments . I wear them with skirts , leggings , skinny jeans - you name it . Do order one size up if you 're using them for cold weather footwear : -RRB-
 These boots are perfect . I was looking for black boots , with little to no heel , light weight , knee high , lace up with a buckle and reasonable price . It arrived early with a few minor scuffs but not noticeable when I put them on . I wear a size 6 and ordered the boots in a size 6 and they are a perfect fit . The laces make it so it is adjustable so it fits my calves well . They are soooo surprisingly light weight !! It makes them very comfortable and easy to wear . Great boots for a good price . I am very happy with them .
 I love these boots . They arrived right away , in perfect condition , and just the right size . They are extremely easy to run in and protect my feet . I 'd absolutely buy from the seller again .
 I always wanted a pair of lace-up combat boots but did not want to spend $ 200 on a pair . I really like the look of this pair of boots . Sure , it 's not real leather but you get what you pay for . I got nothing but positive comments and `` Wow , nice/awesome/those are bada $ $ boots ! '' from people . I 'm on my feet all the time at work and wore these boots for 8 hours straight and did not have a problem . They are so comfortable ! Of course you need to break into them like most new shoes but after a day of wearing it , everything is good . I read a review mentioning that they get scuffed-up easily and they sure do so here 's a tip
 I bought these boots for my girlfriend around Christmas.Pros : Very good gripNice low heelVery warm -LRB- really soft lining -RRB- Nice seamsSturdy zippersConforms to any leg shapeGreat priceCons : You do have to order them a half or full size bigger -LRB- i went with full since u can always wear thicker socks -RRB- Laces are flimsy -LRB- i replaced them with some black/pink 550 paracord from right here on amazon -RRB- No insole so we put some in and there is plenty of room stillEveryone is definitely commenting positively on these and my girlfriend loves to wear them .
 Pros
 They are absolutely wonderful and so comfy . They 're well made . There 's very little padding in the sole , but a 5 or 6 dollar insole does the trick nicely . I wear them almost everyday . Money well spent . I 'd defiantly recommend them to anyone debating on purchasing them .
 The boot is exactly how it 's displayed . It 's comfortable , yet stylish . And the price is fair . I definitely recommend it .
 I was searching high and low for combat boots that fit well and could be dressed up or down and finally found these . I love them ! Ther 're comfortable , true to size , have a nice sole , can be a wide width and oh so cute . I am very happy with them and you ca n't beat the price . Five stars all the way !
 These boots are awesome , I 've always wanted a pair of boots like these and could n't be happier with my purchase . Once broken in they are very comfortable and surprisingly lightweight . The zipper provides for easy on and off . I like the height of the heel as well , they give you a little extra height but are n't too high .
 I love them ! I especially love that you can adjust the calf size . I bought them cause of that and I wanted really good tread and when I saw these I could n't pass them up : -RRB-
 Super cute and super comfortable right out of the box . I 'm amazed with these ! Most knee high boots are too big at the top for me but these fit perfectly and are easily adjustable so they conform to your shape . Shipping was prompt , quality is great.The one and only drawback is that I 'll probably have to get insoles for them because the padding on the bottom wears out after a few hours . Otherwise , a FAB pair of boots . I may order a few more pairs of these . ; -RRB-
 Definitely fashion boots , but that is ok as I 'm mainly wearing them for a costume . Incredibly fast shipping and looks just like the picture . I like them a lot . Thanks !
 I 'm 21 and i recently got these boots in midnight black . They fit exactly perfect on me . I use these shoes when i go to rock/metal concerts.I was looking for a slightly more girly combat boot than Doc Martens . These are amazing and very comfortable . I think instead of wearing uggs i 'll wear these all winter instead . -LSB- ... -RSB- < ~ ~ ~ picture of me in boots .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I really like the shoe , however , it is wide at the heel . I use an insert in the shoe and it works well . Good looking shoe with very soft leather .
 THESE REVIEWS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT THE PRODUCT - NOT THE SELLER ! SO DISREGARD THE PREVIOUS 2 REVIEWS ! ALL PROPET SHOES ARE FABULOUS ! QUALITY & COMFORT ! AND NO - I 'M NOT AFFILIATED WITH PROPET IN ANY WAY ! JUST AN EXTREMELY SATISFIED CUSTOMER OF ALL PROPET SHOES FOR 8 YEARS NOW : -RRB-
 I just got this pair as I have been looking a while for shoes that never goes out of style . It 's like the shoes your grandfather wore but is timeless . Not bulky and funky looking like most shoes trying to bring back the 70 's look-this is not . I wouldn ' wear this with a business suit unless I 'm a travelling salesman on my feet all day . Worn with Dockers pants and a sport coat on a Saturday is probably best . A nice faded jeans and untucked white shirt is also in play . This shoe fits like a glove and the stitches does n't just add to it 's signature style but adds quality in design and manufacture . I like this pair so much I will order two more pairs that should last me a lifetime , until I give it to my grandkids -LRB- 30 years from now -RRB- - if the shoe fits .
 This was the first pair of shoes I ever bought without trying them on . Needless to say , I was impressed with the great comfort and foot support and I was happily surprised to discover that my new shoes fit perfectly.As for the one star deduction ? Regarding fashion faux pas , I am one to disregard convention or color matching rules , so it was with great amusement that I removed my nice new black shoes after an 8-hour day at work to discover the bottoms of my socks had been dyed-bluish at the heel by the leather heel pad . This staining does not wash out , so far as I can tell . Secondly , and less problematic , are the laces included with the shoes - they are too short and prone to slipping untied without a double knot . Or maybe I just do n't know how to tie my shoes properly . Either way , dark socks and replacement laces are simple solutions for a shoe with a quality that matches others costing three times as much or more .
 Sweet , comfortable , durable , slick shoes delivered in a timely manner . What more can you ask for .
 These were a decent pair of doc 's . They are a little bit small , but I had to guess a little on the size . I normally wear a 10 -LRB- I have another pair of docs that are a 10 -RRB- , but these are a little on the snug side . Either way , ca n't go wrong with a pair of doc 's that are only $ 40 . You might want to go a size larger than normal when ordering .
 I bought these shoes a little while ago and I just love them ! they catch everyone 's eye with their cute T-strap design . The heel is a bit higher than I anticipated but that is likely a judgement error on my part . They are comfortable -LRB- e.g. they do n't rub or blister like most high heels -RRB- and go well with most winter clothes . You might not want to try to walk a mall in them , but for an evening out or even a day at the office they 're splendid !
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I bought this shoe thinking it was a slip on shoe . The picture indicates that ! It does n't show a tied shoelace . Well , it has actual laces that need to be tied . I had to send them back and waste my own money on shipping both ways . Seemed like it would be a good shoe though , just false advertising as far as the laces go .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 These boots were purchased as a Christmas gift for a college-age young woman who absolutely LOVED them ! They were accutately pictured and described , and I have no complaints on the description , price , and quick shipping . The best part for me is that I did n't have to wander the malls and stores , looking for these boots . They were right here at Amazon.com and were purchased with a few keystrokes . I LOVE internet shopping , and I love shopping at Amazon.com . I am a repeat customer , and highly recommend shopping with Amazon !
 These boots where exactly what I was looking for . Great boots for mucking out stalls in the barn , or just something easy and quick to throw on while heading out to check on the horses . They also have an awsome dotted print which makes then a funky and fun pair of foot wear
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I have not used these boots with crampons so I can not review that aspect.These are stiff and heavy boots , not intended for light day hiking . Walking on the road is not good , they are too stiff and not enough cushioning , but it is not what they are designed for.I have used them a lot in rough terrain and while carrying a heavy sack over broken ground for several days and they perform great . They have good sole and ankle support . There is a hint of flex in the sole , so walking is easy.They were comfy right out the box , never a single blister . The GTX lining is handy too .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I am on my feet 12 or more hours a day . Cement floors and high activity have destroyed multiple sets of shoes . I have bough some brands and totaled them in 3-4 months . The only thing showing wear is the finish . The toes are scuffed up from crawling and moving around working on equipment . If there is work to be done I am all over it . My shoes better be prepared to take it all . These Wolverines are comfortable and solidly built.When I do finally give them more then they can handle , I will be buying another set to replace them . I would love a more durable toe area for lasting beauty but I do n't want to give up the comfort that these shoes offer to my hard working feet .
 Second pair that i have purchased for working a 12 hour shift . Boots are steel toed , rated for 600 volts , and light and flexible . Feel like regular boots . I even wear them on my days off sometimes as they are a good looking shoe . Company purchases 1 pair of safety shoes per year , and after 16 years i have gone through many different brands of safety shoes . These are the best . No leg fatigue or foot pain . They come in wide size , but normal size fits fine . I enjoy the added safety of the 600 volts rating as i work around high voltage constantly .
 My first pair of Wolverine boots . I have read nothing but good reviews , so I tried a pair . These are the most comfortable boots I have ever had . I use these 10 -12 hrs a day on concrete , gravel , slanted surfaces , etc. and these are sturdy and look nice . Almost like walking on air ! Uppers made in Dominican Republic , assembled in the USA . I will never buy cheap Chinese -LRB- communist -RRB- made boots again .
 Very comfortable . I 'm on my feet 10 hrs . a day on concreet floors and these are the best I ever found .
 These are great boots , I do n't go to stores anymore . I just order these every year as they are very comfortable from day one .
 This boot is Great!I work 12 hour shifts , Very comfortable and keep feet dry . Soft leather make break in time easy . Have looked at other boots and feel this is the best boot for the buck . Sears use to sell this boot off the shelf and no longer do , witch left me looking on the web . Amazon had the best price and best policy for returns . Thank You Amazon !
 I just picked up a pair of these boots and on the first use they felt great even after being in them all day . They also look good too . Great job Wolverine !
 I have not used these boots with crampons so I can not review that aspect.These are stiff and heavy boots , not intended for light day hiking . Walking on the road is not good , they are too stiff and not enough cushioning , but it is not what they are designed for.I have used them a lot in rough terrain and while carrying a heavy sack over broken ground for several days and they perform great . They have good sole and ankle support . There is a hint of flex in the sole , so walking is easy.They were comfy right out the box , never a single blister . The GTX lining is handy too .
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 No trubble during shipping and customs.I got what I ordred and are verry happy !! : - D
 These shoes are very comfortable and have a rugged sole . I use them as business casual shoes as well because they are discreet enough .
 Goes really well with office casuals and you can even pull it off with a formal if required.It 's really comfortable and snug and has shown little wear and tear on the top after 1.5 years of use .
 For fashion sneakers , Skechers continues to impress . These shoes look great and are very comfortable as well .
 Who notices a man 's shoe?Well , oddly enough people have had nice compliments . They are comfy and easy to slip on if you need to jump out a window at a moment 's notice . The tread on them is interesting . I ca n't say what long time wearing will do to it but it borders on wearing rubber cleats without scuffing the floor.I say buy them ... but then what would make me special for wearing them if you have the same pair ?
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 I have two pairs of these huaraches that I bought a couple of years ago . They have held up very well , and I am notoriously hard on shoes . I 'm buying two more pairs today . Note , they do stretch out a little , so if you are between sizes or widths , I 'd suggest going for the smaller one .
 These are nice shoes and very comfortable . I ordinarilly wear size 8 and after reading the other reviews , I decided to order a 7 1/2 . These are still too big after wearing them for a few hours . I had to put two layers of those heal pads inside them to keep them from slipping as I walked and even that was n't really enough . They stretched a bit more and now are slipping again . I should have bought a size 7 because I knew how easily huaraches stretch out . I would buy them again in a 7 though . I think these are a nice shoe .
 Softsports provide comfort , style , and quality . Individuals can always be confident in buying softsport products , and are always a great value for the price .
 These are comfortable sandals . Great price . My size -LRB- 8.5 AA -RRB- is hard to find , and I am pleased to have sandals that fit me . They are casual , and look great with any summer clothes .
 This gift was the right size and she liked the color ! The fit and comfort level was good , so it was a successful purchase .
 I read the reviews before buying these shoes and every one said how tight they were . I wear a medium shoe , I bought the normal size I always wear and these were not tight in fact they keep slipping off my heel . I bought some of the heel things that stick to the back of the shoe and that does not even help . I wo n't be buying another pair .
 These are wonderfully comfortable shoes . I ordered my second pair in silver to wear with grey slacks . They are definitely not in the grey family , more of a pearlized beige or tan - champagne ? They look great with khaki or tan slacks but terrible with grey . Otherwise , I am very satisfied with them .
 As many previous reviewers noted , this shoe stretches the first time one wears it . But , I ordered a shorter , narrower size than normal and am satisfied with my purchase . So , I caution everyone to take the stretching into consideration when determining what size and width to order . Otherwise , I love the shoe ; it 's comfortable and perfect to wear with anything .
 I had a hard time finding a shoe that actually covered my toes in the stores . Decided to try these shoes after reading the reviews . BUY THESE SHOES ! They are so comfortable , and exactly what I was looking for . Took about 10 or 15 minutes to `` break them in '' , and they 've been absolutely perfect since . I 'll be getting a second pair soon ...
 My 2nd pair , love them ! they fit good and do n't need a break in period . Wear them all year long
 Have purchased these before . They are a great summer shoe but offer little support . If you need a stable shoe , this is not for you .
 Just got these in white after looking high and low for a cute and comfortable huarache . Definitely found it !! They fit like a glove and are oh so comfortable ! I want one in every color now !
 Since I received these I have worn them almost every day ! Just wished I had bought an 1/2 size smaller !
 This is the second pair of Softspot Trinidad huaraches I have ordered . They are comfortable and go with jeans , skirts or whatever . They are well made , hold up well , and are reasonably priced . Others said they stretch and to order a smaller size but I did not find this to be the case for me . I highly recommend these and will continue to buy them .
 I love these shoes , the size is perfect and the color is rich and best of all they are extremely comfortable !!!
 Great looking , quality made and excellent value . There is actually good support in these shoes . The color goes with everything . Will enjoy these for years .
 I have always loved the huarache look . But normally most of them take awhile to break in to be comfortable.There was no `` break in time '' . The first time I wore them I was on my feet all day.I plan to buy a few more pairs soon .
 i have been looking for these sandles for a long time i used to have a pair years ago and when i found them i was so happy they fit good and go with everything thanks
 I like the color in this shoe , though I have another pair that 's a more natural color . The fit is fine , even though I have a slight problem with one of my feet . These shoes work well with my summer clothing , which is mostly casual .
 These shoes -LRB- 2 pair -RRB- arrived quickly and were very attractive . When I tried them on , the fit was wonderfully comfortable . They look great and will be a good shoe to wear during the warm months . They are dressy enough for almost any occasion . They also look nice with carpis or crop pants . I highly recommend these shoes .
 I ordered these for my daughter and we liked them so much I ordered another pair for myself in another color .
 I 've purchased at least six pair of these in the last two years ... afraid they 'll quit making this style and I 'll be left without . They run about a half size larger which is just what I needed . Nice enough to wear most places and fair support , also .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . The shoes are comfortable and the neutral color allows me to wear them with almost anything , shorts , skirts , sports , dresses and pants .
 These may be the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn . I ordered them in natural and they go with just about everything.They are very casual and not what I would call fashionable but great for every day running around . They are true to size .
 Buying shoes online can be tricky , but I could n't resist buying these huaraches by Softspots , and I 'm glad I took the chance . They are a well-made , comfortable and attractive shoe , and I 've worn them non-stop since they arrived . The selection of colors is great , but when I was trying to choose a color , I saw some colors were already gone
 I love these sandals . They are so comfortable . This my 4th pair.Many sandals slip off of your foot ; Softspot 's Trinidad stays on , while remaining comfortable .
 Love these shoes ! Very comfortable I will buy more in other colors next year . The soft silver is a beautiful color . Will definitely look to Softspots for future shoe purchases .
 I bought these shoes in a 10EE size but should have bought a 9EE . The width makes the difference in fit.Inserts have allowed me to wear them . I love them so much , I did not want to return them and reorder.They add a dash of color when I am wearing jeans . Very nice casual shoes .
 I am diabetic , and it 's hard to find shoes sometimes . This shoe is perfect for me ! I have wide feet , and these shoes fit me great from the very moment I put them on . I would advise buying your true size . My 1st pair I bought one size bigger , and it was too big . I still wear them though , but they can slip off the heel when walking . My next pair I bought my true size , and they are just perfect ! If they are a tiny bit snug , just wear it because they will break in very easily .
 Wonderful experience all the way through . The shoes are soooo comfortable and are dressy enough to wear with summer pants and shorts . As always , dealing with Amazon is the best
 Huaraches are back in style ! I do n't know why they ever went out of style . These are the most comfortable sandals !
 I have trouble finding shoes that fit comfortably , and these are excellent because the woven leather straps `` give '' enough so that your forefoot is not pinched . It would be nice if they had a bit more arch support , but they are the most comfortable casual flats I have found . They go well with skirts , shorts or pants and hold up very well . This is my second pair .
 I was a little worried about ordering these shoes , but I had an Amazon credit , so I decided to take a chance . I am between an 8 or an 8 1/2 , and between a medium and a wide . I ordered the 8 W in natural . I remember huaraches being very stiff and uncomfortable when I wore them when I was a lot younger . These were a tiny bit stiff for the first hour or so , but after that I had no problems . I have `` bad feet '' and these are helpful because they have that little bit of heel . Like every pair of huaraches I 've ever owned , the heel is loose , so if you have very narrow feet I do n't think these would work . Overall , though , the fit is fine and the shoes are comfortable and go with just about any summer wardrobe .
 Over the past couple of years I have been looking for a pair of closed heel sandals and have tried a couple of different pairs of shoes similar to the Softspot Trinidad . Because I have fairly small but wide and thick feet , it was very difficult to get a comfortable fit - except for this pair . A 5.5-wide fits me perfectly , no break-in at all . Took shoes out of the box Monday morning , wore them at work all day w/not a blister or limp in sight . I will make sure that I always have a spare pair of these shoes on hand now that I know how comfortable they . They have n't stretched out and gotten sloppy like the next size up has . Great shoe . Love the quick turn-around from seller also . Bought on Monday or Tuesday of one week and wore them to work the next Monday .
 These are way better than the hauraches I remember from the 70s & early 80s ; they 're built like better shoes , with some foot cushion and support . I liked the first pair so much , I ordered two more colors the next day and am equally thrilled with them all . Great looking for sun dress to jeans and anything in between.Also , my kudos to ShoeMall for a fair priced , well-packaged & quick ship !
 This is my third pair of these shoes purchased over the past 4 years . I now have azure , natural , and black and wear them all summer long . It 's very hard to find summer casual shoes that come in narrow widths , and these are very comfortable as well as versatile . You can wear them with shorts or casual skirts . When I can find them , I wear a 9.5 AAAA in dress shoes . A 9AA in the Trinidads fits great .
 I 'm happy I was able to get this shoe in a Narrow , they fit snuggly but the leather will stretch .
 To find a n huracha in a narrow is unbelievable and then to have it fit and be comfortable is wonderful . It goes with everything and I love it .
 I have been looking for a shoe like this at shoe stores . No luck . This was probably more money than I wanted to spend , but they are extremely comfortable and I really love them . The tan color goes with just about everything ! The last pair I had -LRB- not this brand , but leather -RRB- lasted forever -- so I guess I ca n't complain about the price . You get what you pay for !
 This shoe has a great cushioned insole . Very limited break in time , but my heel rubbed a little in the back . I expect that when I buy shoes that I do not plan on wearing socks with .
 I 'm normally a rock-solid size 7 , size 6.5 is perfect in these . I own the natural and the metallic multi . I love them both . Only thing wrong with them now is the teethmarks . Now that the pups are grown it 's time to buy more . As much ventilation as these have , I ca n't figure out why it is that the natural seems to breathe better than the metallic multi , but it does . I love sandals but I 'm not too good at keeping my toes painted ; this is the answer !
 After trying to find a pair of huarachas -LRB- w / specific features -RRB- for some time , these are as close as I could expect to get . I wanted leather -LRB- which they are -RRB- and a go-with-everything color . I bought this in natural and it 's perfect . I wanted easy on-off for traveling , and a flat that would go with skirts , capris and jeans . Again they passed the test . My constant shoe problem is that I wear a 5 1/2 but ordered a size 5 after reading the other reviews . For those of us w / small feet ... a very hard size to find !! What 's also great about these is that they have a buckle-strap around the heal attached w / a small piece of heavy elastic so lots of flexibility for fit and stretch as they change ... remember they 're leather AND woven -LRB- thus the half size smaller -RRB- . I 'm wearing them around the house to break them in ... as expected they 're a little stiff and a bit snug but after 2 days , already not as tight as when I first put them on -- very comfortable and well-made . They do n't feel like they 'll slip off my narrow heels , another of my shoe issues . An added personal touch for me ? ... it 's pure joy to buy something ... anything not made in China . These are more than I wanted to spend and I wanted something with a more -LRB- casual -RRB- rounded toe but w / FREE SHIPPING and all the other criteria well-met , I 'm 95 % pleased . That 's a happy score , right ?!
 Great shoes . I wear an extra wide for Rheumatoid Arthritis but returned for just a wide because they stretch .
 Very comfortable . Good sandal for walking . Delivery was prompt . I bought the natural color although I was really interested in the multi color one . The computer images made it look too dark and/or colored and I was more interested in a subtle tone .
 I purchased these shoes for work and I have to tell you they are very comfortable . I have pretty wide feet and ordered a wide size . They are a little too wide but still work . I am ordering another pair -LRB- but not wide -RRB- I get a lot of compliments on the shoes .
 This shoes had been the best shoes that ha have been wearing till now . I play soccer all the time with them everywhere , they just seem never to give up ... best quality ever they are lasting more than two years playing soccer and running and wearing them all the time ... very unique adidas -LRB- adidas Samba 85 -RRB- I recomend them closed eyes ... . great great shoes to me . .
 i tried this fit before and since my feet are wider than most , i had to buy one size larger for it to fit . other than that it 's an awesome shoe . no problems . looks good and different from other white adidas superstars or italias that most people wear .
 Shoe was tip top , i now use these as my work shoes , have had absolutely no problems with the shoes thus far . Great shoe , only problem is they hurt me after 6 + hours on them but i blame that on my physiology , not the shoe . Through all that i still use this shoe day to day .
 I bought these for my son . He needed a pair of black dress shoes . He did n't like the fussy look of wing-tip or loafer styles . He also did n't want the slouchy look of the more casual oxfords . These shoes are a nice compromise . They have a clean , classic look . I do n't know how comfortable they 'll be in the long run . He wore them for a short time and said they felt pretty good . He did add a pair of insoles , though . There was n't much arch support .
 I do n't have too many options with regard to how my work shoes should look , and , given that these fit the appearance needed , they 're a big step up in terms of comfort . My feet are much happier day to day .
 I have a very high arch and wear orthotics which will fit into these shoes if I take the insole out . When I want the arch area tighter , I tighten the elastic straps across the arch . The toe box is high enough that your toes are never crunched and it feels like I 'm wearing bedroom slippers but with great support . I 've found that they run a little large - I 'm wearing a 6-1/2 whereas I normally wear a 7 . The dark color is n't noticeable like white shoes with dressier pants and I get great traction in the snow -LRB- Michigan -RRB- . They do n't LOOK like athletic shoes - the shape is very feminine . I looooove these shoes !
 I own this shoe in black , and it 's comfortable and cute for walking around or running errands . I usually wear a size 8 , and the 8 fits me fine , so I 'd say that it fits true to size . No problems at all with the quality of the shoe , it is well made and there are no issues with seams , glue , or anything like that.It is cushioned , but not enough to support real athletic activity , I wore them to a cardio class one time as I had forgotten my other shoes , and my feet were aching by the end of the class.As the name of the shoe suggests , it 's great for `` athleisure '' ... emphasis on the leisure !
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 I have n't put a mile on these yet , but they fit well and have sufficient room for my orthotics . I am 6 ' 5 '' , 230lbs and try to wear shoes that will support my frame , these will . These are not as comfortable as a walking athletic shoe or a running shoe . I plan to update this review after I have put some miles on these shoes .
 I have narrow feet and it 's difficult to find shoes in my size . These were size 13 B and fit fine and are good walking shoes .
 I really like the shoe , however , it is wide at the heel . I use an insert in the shoe and it works well . Good looking shoe with very soft leather .
 THESE REVIEWS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT THE PRODUCT - NOT THE SELLER ! SO DISREGARD THE PREVIOUS 2 REVIEWS ! ALL PROPET SHOES ARE FABULOUS ! QUALITY & COMFORT ! AND NO - I 'M NOT AFFILIATED WITH PROPET IN ANY WAY ! JUST AN EXTREMELY SATISFIED CUSTOMER OF ALL PROPET SHOES FOR 8 YEARS NOW : -RRB-
 Whiting and Davis has been making mesh handbags since 1876 . They have been highly collected . When I saw this bag in person , I fell in love with it and just had to have it . The silver is gorgeous and was my first choice , but I decided the black might be more practical because you can use it with either silver or gold jewelry or other accessories . The studs are such a subdued silver that I do n't think they clash with gold . The bag will hold your eyeglasses , a compact , lipstick , and even a small wallet ... all the things you might need for an evening out . The leather is the softest I 've ever felt and smells divine . It 's a unique design and you 'll probably be the only one at the party with a bag like this one .
 These shoes are great i bought my pair a couple of weeks ago i mean they look cool and they are comfortable .
 I purchased the shoes for comfortable walking . The are indeed comfortable . Two unexpected issues I encountered were the shoes are VERY warm which is great outdoors in cold weather but rather inconvenient indoors and they are far uglier in real life than I expected , I find myself wearing very long pants to keep them hidden .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable and accomodate my orthopedic inserts . I can also open and close the Velcro flaps with my grabber - necessary since my hip replacement .
 On 1-10 scale , wherein 10 = best | comfort = 8 | quality = 8 | `` cool '' factor = 10 | overall value = 9 .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 Very comfortable and stylish . They look good with jeans and are good to party in .
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 Just buy this ! They 're so comfy they feel like slippers , and they look great ! I thought they run a little big - ordered a size 8.5 and I am a true 8.5 shoe size , and they feel a teensy bit roomy . Other than that , I really ca n't complain especially I got them on sale price .
 Loved the shoes on his feet and off!Very comfortable and makes any outfit classier than ever .
 I really like the shoe , however , it is wide at the heel . I use an insert in the shoe and it works well . Good looking shoe with very soft leather .
 THESE REVIEWS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT THE PRODUCT - NOT THE SELLER ! SO DISREGARD THE PREVIOUS 2 REVIEWS ! ALL PROPET SHOES ARE FABULOUS ! QUALITY & COMFORT ! AND NO - I 'M NOT AFFILIATED WITH PROPET IN ANY WAY ! JUST AN EXTREMELY SATISFIED CUSTOMER OF ALL PROPET SHOES FOR 8 YEARS NOW : -RRB-
 I love these UGG boots ! They feel like comfy slippers . This is the best part of winter , being able to leave the house in cozy warm UGGs . Shipping was fast , and boots are great & exactly as pictured . Thanks !!!
 These are the most warm and comfy boots I have ever purchased . I ca n't wait to wear them again next winter !
 I love how warm and cozy these boots are . I bought them 1.5 sizes smaller than I normally wear and they fit great . There were a few times when I first word them that the back of the boot hit right at the back of my ankle and would rub a bit , but that really went away after I wore them for a bit . They 're not the prettiest boots but they 're very comfortable .
 Purchased these as a gift for my wife . Let me just say they look awesome and are made from high quality materials . She absolutely loves these and raves about the comfort and warmth .
 I LOVE these boots ! I wore these during the Blizzard of 2010 and they performed wonderfully ! I wore these for 4 hours straight in the snow with no socks and my feet were warm the entire time . I even purchased a pair for my mother for Christmas .
 I got these boots when I was five months pregnant , and the only complaint I have is that I did n't get them sooner ! Warm , comfy , and easy to slip on and off . These are by far my favorite winter boots !
 I am on my feet 12 or more hours a day . Cement floors and high activity have destroyed multiple sets of shoes . I have bough some brands and totaled them in 3-4 months . The only thing showing wear is the finish . The toes are scuffed up from crawling and moving around working on equipment . If there is work to be done I am all over it . My shoes better be prepared to take it all . These Wolverines are comfortable and solidly built.When I do finally give them more then they can handle , I will be buying another set to replace them . I would love a more durable toe area for lasting beauty but I do n't want to give up the comfort that these shoes offer to my hard working feet .
 Second pair that i have purchased for working a 12 hour shift . Boots are steel toed , rated for 600 volts , and light and flexible . Feel like regular boots . I even wear them on my days off sometimes as they are a good looking shoe . Company purchases 1 pair of safety shoes per year , and after 16 years i have gone through many different brands of safety shoes . These are the best . No leg fatigue or foot pain . They come in wide size , but normal size fits fine . I enjoy the added safety of the 600 volts rating as i work around high voltage constantly .
 My first pair of Wolverine boots . I have read nothing but good reviews , so I tried a pair . These are the most comfortable boots I have ever had . I use these 10 -12 hrs a day on concrete , gravel , slanted surfaces , etc. and these are sturdy and look nice . Almost like walking on air ! Uppers made in Dominican Republic , assembled in the USA . I will never buy cheap Chinese -LRB- communist -RRB- made boots again .
 Very comfortable . I 'm on my feet 10 hrs . a day on concreet floors and these are the best I ever found .
 These are great boots , I do n't go to stores anymore . I just order these every year as they are very comfortable from day one .
 This boot is Great!I work 12 hour shifts , Very comfortable and keep feet dry . Soft leather make break in time easy . Have looked at other boots and feel this is the best boot for the buck . Sears use to sell this boot off the shelf and no longer do , witch left me looking on the web . Amazon had the best price and best policy for returns . Thank You Amazon !
 I just picked up a pair of these boots and on the first use they felt great even after being in them all day . They also look good too . Great job Wolverine !
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 This is a very nice leather bag . Not too big and not too small and soft to the touch .
 The product -LRB- the shoes -RRB- are xcellents conditions and design awesome . thanks i will come back
 Great boots , waterproof , attractive , fit true to size , highly recommended . Looks identical to photo , genuine Timberland boots . Great on rainy days , clean up well . Identical to the man 's version of this boot .
 The timberland field boots are wonderful . They are very comfortable and can be worn with any casual outfit . I own several pairs and I think they are the best Timberland boots made ever . You wo n't feel disappointed if you spend your money on these boots . They are worth it .
 This shoe is true to size . Love it love it love it !!!!! And most stores are NOT carrying timberlands in kids sizes at the moment .
 These are really Great boots , ... . I would recommend these for any growing boy , or girl , ... . Just buy a half size larger !!!!!!
 This was perfect . . It was true to size brand New as suspected and I would recommend this product to anyone
 This is a great boot and my son loved it . We live in Hawaii and went home for Thanksgiving to Idaho . Since my son had never worn boots like this we were concerned he would n't do well with them . But he really loved them and they survived two weeks in the rain and snow of Washington and Idaho . And they looked great on him ! I definitely recommend them .
 I have a 3 year old who is hard on shoes . These are good inexpensive boots that last a while . Its definitely worth the money
 I love these boots they are perfect for my six year old . They are durable and I love the darker color so the dirt does not show as much . The price was great and shipping was fast
 this is a great product . i would buy this product again . i have no regrets on making this purchase . dj
 These are perfectly comfortable , I have had these boots before , so I knew I could not go wrong and the price was within my budget . I wear a ladies 5.5-6 and the 4.5 big kids fit great !
 just love these boots . needed a plain black pair . . didnt want a heavy boot or a ridiculous price . so of course i went to Amazon and looked for timberland boots . my favorite place to shop and my favorite boot manufacturer . got a great price - fast delivery and a pair of boots in perfect condition . very happy with this purchase . i am a womens size 7 = a 5.5 big kid in almost all timberlands . this is the only place that gives me the 3 things i need when buying tims , size , variety of design and prices i love ! best part is i can shop in my pajamas : -RRB-
 THE SHOES WERE DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE . GREAT JOB ! MY SON LOVES IT SO MUCH FOR THE COMFORTNESS AND SHOWING OFF HIS BOOTS TO EVERYONE HE KNOWS . NO REGRETS AT ALL AND WORTH BUYING !
 speedy shipping , package arrived before estimated time of delivery.gladly do business with seller again any day of the week .
 Looks just as I thought it would . The sizing is acurate no problems with shipping or anything ! I love them . And now I know a great way to purchase shoes without the holiday hassle
 My daughter wanted these timberland for Christmas , she has purchase them before so I known what she wanted . These are very nice boots
 i am very pleased with my purchase ! i purchased these boots for my sons birthday they arrived sooner than expected in great condition ! i had standard shipping and they arrived two days after i placed my order which was great so that i could complete my sons wardrobe for his birthday party ! they were in good condition and authenic timberland quality !!! i would highly reccomend this seller to someone else !
 I purchased this item and the very next day I received it at my door step . You ca n't go wrong with Timberland and the price was great .
 I absolutely love love love these boots !!! I 'm a New Yorker living in Atlanta and im so used to wearing these boots so i was super excited to find them on Amazon ... On top of the fast shipping they arrived before Christmas ... These are my work boots and they were packaged just right ... I 'm very thankful ... and great job Amazon !!
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 just love these boots . needed a plain black pair . . didnt want a heavy boot or a ridiculous price . so of course i went to Amazon and looked for timberland boots . my favorite place to shop and my favorite boot manufacturer . got a great price - fast delivery and a pair of boots in perfect condition . very happy with this purchase . i am a womens size 7 = a 5.5 big kid in almost all timberlands . this is the only place that gives me the 3 things i need when buying tims , size , variety of design and prices i love ! best part is i can shop in my pajamas : -RRB-
 THE SHOES WERE DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE . GREAT JOB ! MY SON LOVES IT SO MUCH FOR THE COMFORTNESS AND SHOWING OFF HIS BOOTS TO EVERYONE HE KNOWS . NO REGRETS AT ALL AND WORTH BUYING !
 I wanted these boots for months , normal price $ 119 , I got these for $ 40 so happy with the boots . Comfy
 speedy shipping , package arrived before estimated time of delivery.gladly do business with seller again any day of the week .
 Looks just as I thought it would . The sizing is acurate no problems with shipping or anything ! I love them . And now I know a great way to purchase shoes without the holiday hassle
 My daughter wanted these timberland for Christmas , she has purchase them before so I known what she wanted . These are very nice boots
 i am very pleased with my purchase ! i purchased these boots for my sons birthday they arrived sooner than expected in great condition ! i had standard shipping and they arrived two days after i placed my order which was great so that i could complete my sons wardrobe for his birthday party ! they were in good condition and authenic timberland quality !!! i would highly reccomend this seller to someone else !
 I purchased this item and the very next day I received it at my door step . You ca n't go wrong with Timberland and the price was great .
 I absolutely love love love these boots !!! I 'm a New Yorker living in Atlanta and im so used to wearing these boots so i was super excited to find them on Amazon ... On top of the fast shipping they arrived before Christmas ... These are my work boots and they were packaged just right ... I 'm very thankful ... and great job Amazon !!
 This shoe is true to size . Love it love it love it !!!!! And most stores are NOT carrying timberlands in kids sizes at the moment .
 These are really Great boots , ... . I would recommend these for any growing boy , or girl , ... . Just buy a half size larger !!!!!!
 This was perfect . . It was true to size brand New as suspected and I would recommend this product to anyone
 This is a great boot and my son loved it . We live in Hawaii and went home for Thanksgiving to Idaho . Since my son had never worn boots like this we were concerned he would n't do well with them . But he really loved them and they survived two weeks in the rain and snow of Washington and Idaho . And they looked great on him ! I definitely recommend them .
 I have a 3 year old who is hard on shoes . These are good inexpensive boots that last a while . Its definitely worth the money
 I love these boots they are perfect for my six year old . They are durable and I love the darker color so the dirt does not show as much . The price was great and shipping was fast
 this is a great product . i would buy this product again . i have no regrets on making this purchase . dj
 These are perfectly comfortable , I have had these boots before , so I knew I could not go wrong and the price was within my budget . I wear a ladies 5.5-6 and the 4.5 big kids fit great !
 Great boots , waterproof , attractive , fit true to size , highly recommended . Looks identical to photo , genuine Timberland boots . Great on rainy days , clean up well . Identical to the man 's version of this boot .
 The timberland field boots are wonderful . They are very comfortable and can be worn with any casual outfit . I own several pairs and I think they are the best Timberland boots made ever . You wo n't feel disappointed if you spend your money on these boots . They are worth it .
 Cheap shoes , doesnt look cheap at all , fun snickers well made , confortable . Wont regreat if you decide buying this pair . Good look
 just love these boots . needed a plain black pair . . didnt want a heavy boot or a ridiculous price . so of course i went to Amazon and looked for timberland boots . my favorite place to shop and my favorite boot manufacturer . got a great price - fast delivery and a pair of boots in perfect condition . very happy with this purchase . i am a womens size 7 = a 5.5 big kid in almost all timberlands . this is the only place that gives me the 3 things i need when buying tims , size , variety of design and prices i love ! best part is i can shop in my pajamas : -RRB-
 THE SHOES WERE DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE . GREAT JOB ! MY SON LOVES IT SO MUCH FOR THE COMFORTNESS AND SHOWING OFF HIS BOOTS TO EVERYONE HE KNOWS . NO REGRETS AT ALL AND WORTH BUYING !
 speedy shipping , package arrived before estimated time of delivery.gladly do business with seller again any day of the week .
 Looks just as I thought it would . The sizing is acurate no problems with shipping or anything ! I love them . And now I know a great way to purchase shoes without the holiday hassle
 My daughter wanted these timberland for Christmas , she has purchase them before so I known what she wanted . These are very nice boots
 i am very pleased with my purchase ! i purchased these boots for my sons birthday they arrived sooner than expected in great condition ! i had standard shipping and they arrived two days after i placed my order which was great so that i could complete my sons wardrobe for his birthday party ! they were in good condition and authenic timberland quality !!! i would highly reccomend this seller to someone else !
 I purchased this item and the very next day I received it at my door step . You ca n't go wrong with Timberland and the price was great .
 These are perfectly comfortable , I have had these boots before , so I knew I could not go wrong and the price was within my budget . I wear a ladies 5.5-6 and the 4.5 big kids fit great !
 Great boots , waterproof , attractive , fit true to size , highly recommended . Looks identical to photo , genuine Timberland boots . Great on rainy days , clean up well . Identical to the man 's version of this boot .
 The timberland field boots are wonderful . They are very comfortable and can be worn with any casual outfit . I own several pairs and I think they are the best Timberland boots made ever . You wo n't feel disappointed if you spend your money on these boots . They are worth it .
 I absolutely love love love these boots !!! I 'm a New Yorker living in Atlanta and im so used to wearing these boots so i was super excited to find them on Amazon ... On top of the fast shipping they arrived before Christmas ... These are my work boots and they were packaged just right ... I 'm very thankful ... and great job Amazon !!
 This shoe is true to size . Love it love it love it !!!!! And most stores are NOT carrying timberlands in kids sizes at the moment .
 These are really Great boots , ... . I would recommend these for any growing boy , or girl , ... . Just buy a half size larger !!!!!!
 This was perfect . . It was true to size brand New as suspected and I would recommend this product to anyone
 This is a great boot and my son loved it . We live in Hawaii and went home for Thanksgiving to Idaho . Since my son had never worn boots like this we were concerned he would n't do well with them . But he really loved them and they survived two weeks in the rain and snow of Washington and Idaho . And they looked great on him ! I definitely recommend them .
 I have a 3 year old who is hard on shoes . These are good inexpensive boots that last a while . Its definitely worth the money
 I love these boots they are perfect for my six year old . They are durable and I love the darker color so the dirt does not show as much . The price was great and shipping was fast
 this is a great product . i would buy this product again . i have no regrets on making this purchase . dj
 Cheap shoes , doesnt look cheap at all , fun snickers well made , confortable . Wont regreat if you decide buying this pair . Good look
 just love these boots . needed a plain black pair . . didnt want a heavy boot or a ridiculous price . so of course i went to Amazon and looked for timberland boots . my favorite place to shop and my favorite boot manufacturer . got a great price - fast delivery and a pair of boots in perfect condition . very happy with this purchase . i am a womens size 7 = a 5.5 big kid in almost all timberlands . this is the only place that gives me the 3 things i need when buying tims , size , variety of design and prices i love ! best part is i can shop in my pajamas : -RRB-
 THE SHOES WERE DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE . GREAT JOB ! MY SON LOVES IT SO MUCH FOR THE COMFORTNESS AND SHOWING OFF HIS BOOTS TO EVERYONE HE KNOWS . NO REGRETS AT ALL AND WORTH BUYING !
 speedy shipping , package arrived before estimated time of delivery.gladly do business with seller again any day of the week .
 Looks just as I thought it would . The sizing is acurate no problems with shipping or anything ! I love them . And now I know a great way to purchase shoes without the holiday hassle
 My daughter wanted these timberland for Christmas , she has purchase them before so I known what she wanted . These are very nice boots
 i am very pleased with my purchase ! i purchased these boots for my sons birthday they arrived sooner than expected in great condition ! i had standard shipping and they arrived two days after i placed my order which was great so that i could complete my sons wardrobe for his birthday party ! they were in good condition and authenic timberland quality !!! i would highly reccomend this seller to someone else !
 I purchased this item and the very next day I received it at my door step . You ca n't go wrong with Timberland and the price was great .
 I absolutely love love love these boots !!! I 'm a New Yorker living in Atlanta and im so used to wearing these boots so i was super excited to find them on Amazon ... On top of the fast shipping they arrived before Christmas ... These are my work boots and they were packaged just right ... I 'm very thankful ... and great job Amazon !!
 This shoe is true to size . Love it love it love it !!!!! And most stores are NOT carrying timberlands in kids sizes at the moment .
 These are really Great boots , ... . I would recommend these for any growing boy , or girl , ... . Just buy a half size larger !!!!!!
 This was perfect . . It was true to size brand New as suspected and I would recommend this product to anyone
 This is a great boot and my son loved it . We live in Hawaii and went home for Thanksgiving to Idaho . Since my son had never worn boots like this we were concerned he would n't do well with them . But he really loved them and they survived two weeks in the rain and snow of Washington and Idaho . And they looked great on him ! I definitely recommend them .
 I have a 3 year old who is hard on shoes . These are good inexpensive boots that last a while . Its definitely worth the money
 I love these boots they are perfect for my six year old . They are durable and I love the darker color so the dirt does not show as much . The price was great and shipping was fast
 this is a great product . i would buy this product again . i have no regrets on making this purchase . dj
 These are perfectly comfortable , I have had these boots before , so I knew I could not go wrong and the price was within my budget . I wear a ladies 5.5-6 and the 4.5 big kids fit great !
 Great boots , waterproof , attractive , fit true to size , highly recommended . Looks identical to photo , genuine Timberland boots . Great on rainy days , clean up well . Identical to the man 's version of this boot .
 The timberland field boots are wonderful . They are very comfortable and can be worn with any casual outfit . I own several pairs and I think they are the best Timberland boots made ever . You wo n't feel disappointed if you spend your money on these boots . They are worth it .
 just love these boots . needed a plain black pair . . didnt want a heavy boot or a ridiculous price . so of course i went to Amazon and looked for timberland boots . my favorite place to shop and my favorite boot manufacturer . got a great price - fast delivery and a pair of boots in perfect condition . very happy with this purchase . i am a womens size 7 = a 5.5 big kid in almost all timberlands . this is the only place that gives me the 3 things i need when buying tims , size , variety of design and prices i love ! best part is i can shop in my pajamas : -RRB-
 THE SHOES WERE DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE . GREAT JOB ! MY SON LOVES IT SO MUCH FOR THE COMFORTNESS AND SHOWING OFF HIS BOOTS TO EVERYONE HE KNOWS . NO REGRETS AT ALL AND WORTH BUYING !
 speedy shipping , package arrived before estimated time of delivery.gladly do business with seller again any day of the week .
 Looks just as I thought it would . The sizing is acurate no problems with shipping or anything ! I love them . And now I know a great way to purchase shoes without the holiday hassle
 My daughter wanted these timberland for Christmas , she has purchase them before so I known what she wanted . These are very nice boots
 i am very pleased with my purchase ! i purchased these boots for my sons birthday they arrived sooner than expected in great condition ! i had standard shipping and they arrived two days after i placed my order which was great so that i could complete my sons wardrobe for his birthday party ! they were in good condition and authenic timberland quality !!! i would highly reccomend this seller to someone else !
 I purchased this item and the very next day I received it at my door step . You ca n't go wrong with Timberland and the price was great .
 These are perfectly comfortable , I have had these boots before , so I knew I could not go wrong and the price was within my budget . I wear a ladies 5.5-6 and the 4.5 big kids fit great !
 Great boots , waterproof , attractive , fit true to size , highly recommended . Looks identical to photo , genuine Timberland boots . Great on rainy days , clean up well . Identical to the man 's version of this boot .
 The timberland field boots are wonderful . They are very comfortable and can be worn with any casual outfit . I own several pairs and I think they are the best Timberland boots made ever . You wo n't feel disappointed if you spend your money on these boots . They are worth it .
 I absolutely love love love these boots !!! I 'm a New Yorker living in Atlanta and im so used to wearing these boots so i was super excited to find them on Amazon ... On top of the fast shipping they arrived before Christmas ... These are my work boots and they were packaged just right ... I 'm very thankful ... and great job Amazon !!
 This shoe is true to size . Love it love it love it !!!!! And most stores are NOT carrying timberlands in kids sizes at the moment .
 These are really Great boots , ... . I would recommend these for any growing boy , or girl , ... . Just buy a half size larger !!!!!!
 This was perfect . . It was true to size brand New as suspected and I would recommend this product to anyone
 This is a great boot and my son loved it . We live in Hawaii and went home for Thanksgiving to Idaho . Since my son had never worn boots like this we were concerned he would n't do well with them . But he really loved them and they survived two weeks in the rain and snow of Washington and Idaho . And they looked great on him ! I definitely recommend them .
 I have a 3 year old who is hard on shoes . These are good inexpensive boots that last a while . Its definitely worth the money
 I love these boots they are perfect for my six year old . They are durable and I love the darker color so the dirt does not show as much . The price was great and shipping was fast
 this is a great product . i would buy this product again . i have no regrets on making this purchase . dj
 Wow ... what a great design and perfect young mans shoe . My son is styling in these sweet Adidas shoes that have a `` samba '' feel/look but do n't scream soccer . Only complaint is the tongue is a little stiff and had to manually break it in to minimize wear with the `` no show '' socks the kids like to wear . Little pricey compared to some of the other Adidas on Amazon 's site but they are very unique .
 THIS SNEAKERS ARE EVEN MORE BEAUTIFUL WHEN YOU CAN SEE THEM UP CLOSE , AND I RECCOMEND THEM IN EVERY COLOR , MY KID LOOKS AWESOME IN THEM
 These shoes are the slickest and coolest shoes ive ever worn theyre so comfortable i can practically sleep in them i recommend them to everybody
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 This shoes had been the best shoes that ha have been wearing till now . I play soccer all the time with them everywhere , they just seem never to give up ... best quality ever they are lasting more than two years playing soccer and running and wearing them all the time ... very unique adidas -LRB- adidas Samba 85 -RRB- I recomend them closed eyes ... . great great shoes to me . .
 i tried this fit before and since my feet are wider than most , i had to buy one size larger for it to fit . other than that it 's an awesome shoe . no problems . looks good and different from other white adidas superstars or italias that most people wear .
 These are perfectly comfortable , I have had these boots before , so I knew I could not go wrong and the price was within my budget . I wear a ladies 5.5-6 and the 4.5 big kids fit great !
 Great boots , waterproof , attractive , fit true to size , highly recommended . Looks identical to photo , genuine Timberland boots . Great on rainy days , clean up well . Identical to the man 's version of this boot .
 The timberland field boots are wonderful . They are very comfortable and can be worn with any casual outfit . I own several pairs and I think they are the best Timberland boots made ever . You wo n't feel disappointed if you spend your money on these boots . They are worth it .
 I absolutely love love love these boots !!! I 'm a New Yorker living in Atlanta and im so used to wearing these boots so i was super excited to find them on Amazon ... On top of the fast shipping they arrived before Christmas ... These are my work boots and they were packaged just right ... I 'm very thankful ... and great job Amazon !!
 This shoe is true to size . Love it love it love it !!!!! And most stores are NOT carrying timberlands in kids sizes at the moment .
 These are really Great boots , ... . I would recommend these for any growing boy , or girl , ... . Just buy a half size larger !!!!!!
 This was perfect . . It was true to size brand New as suspected and I would recommend this product to anyone
 This is a great boot and my son loved it . We live in Hawaii and went home for Thanksgiving to Idaho . Since my son had never worn boots like this we were concerned he would n't do well with them . But he really loved them and they survived two weeks in the rain and snow of Washington and Idaho . And they looked great on him ! I definitely recommend them .
 I have a 3 year old who is hard on shoes . These are good inexpensive boots that last a while . Its definitely worth the money
 I love these boots they are perfect for my six year old . They are durable and I love the darker color so the dirt does not show as much . The price was great and shipping was fast
 this is a great product . i would buy this product again . i have no regrets on making this purchase . dj
 just love these boots . needed a plain black pair . . didnt want a heavy boot or a ridiculous price . so of course i went to Amazon and looked for timberland boots . my favorite place to shop and my favorite boot manufacturer . got a great price - fast delivery and a pair of boots in perfect condition . very happy with this purchase . i am a womens size 7 = a 5.5 big kid in almost all timberlands . this is the only place that gives me the 3 things i need when buying tims , size , variety of design and prices i love ! best part is i can shop in my pajamas : -RRB-
 THE SHOES WERE DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE . GREAT JOB ! MY SON LOVES IT SO MUCH FOR THE COMFORTNESS AND SHOWING OFF HIS BOOTS TO EVERYONE HE KNOWS . NO REGRETS AT ALL AND WORTH BUYING !
 speedy shipping , package arrived before estimated time of delivery.gladly do business with seller again any day of the week .
 Looks just as I thought it would . The sizing is acurate no problems with shipping or anything ! I love them . And now I know a great way to purchase shoes without the holiday hassle
 My daughter wanted these timberland for Christmas , she has purchase them before so I known what she wanted . These are very nice boots
 i am very pleased with my purchase ! i purchased these boots for my sons birthday they arrived sooner than expected in great condition ! i had standard shipping and they arrived two days after i placed my order which was great so that i could complete my sons wardrobe for his birthday party ! they were in good condition and authenic timberland quality !!! i would highly reccomend this seller to someone else !
 I purchased this item and the very next day I received it at my door step . You ca n't go wrong with Timberland and the price was great .
 This is a very nice leather bag . Not too big and not too small and soft to the touch .
 These are perfectly comfortable , I have had these boots before , so I knew I could not go wrong and the price was within my budget . I wear a ladies 5.5-6 and the 4.5 big kids fit great !
 Great boots , waterproof , attractive , fit true to size , highly recommended . Looks identical to photo , genuine Timberland boots . Great on rainy days , clean up well . Identical to the man 's version of this boot .
 The timberland field boots are wonderful . They are very comfortable and can be worn with any casual outfit . I own several pairs and I think they are the best Timberland boots made ever . You wo n't feel disappointed if you spend your money on these boots . They are worth it .
 I absolutely love love love these boots !!! I 'm a New Yorker living in Atlanta and im so used to wearing these boots so i was super excited to find them on Amazon ... On top of the fast shipping they arrived before Christmas ... These are my work boots and they were packaged just right ... I 'm very thankful ... and great job Amazon !!
 This shoe is true to size . Love it love it love it !!!!! And most stores are NOT carrying timberlands in kids sizes at the moment .
 These are really Great boots , ... . I would recommend these for any growing boy , or girl , ... . Just buy a half size larger !!!!!!
 This was perfect . . It was true to size brand New as suspected and I would recommend this product to anyone
 This is a great boot and my son loved it . We live in Hawaii and went home for Thanksgiving to Idaho . Since my son had never worn boots like this we were concerned he would n't do well with them . But he really loved them and they survived two weeks in the rain and snow of Washington and Idaho . And they looked great on him ! I definitely recommend them .
 I have a 3 year old who is hard on shoes . These are good inexpensive boots that last a while . Its definitely worth the money
 I love these boots they are perfect for my six year old . They are durable and I love the darker color so the dirt does not show as much . The price was great and shipping was fast
 this is a great product . i would buy this product again . i have no regrets on making this purchase . dj
 just love these boots . needed a plain black pair . . didnt want a heavy boot or a ridiculous price . so of course i went to Amazon and looked for timberland boots . my favorite place to shop and my favorite boot manufacturer . got a great price - fast delivery and a pair of boots in perfect condition . very happy with this purchase . i am a womens size 7 = a 5.5 big kid in almost all timberlands . this is the only place that gives me the 3 things i need when buying tims , size , variety of design and prices i love ! best part is i can shop in my pajamas : -RRB-
 THE SHOES WERE DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE . GREAT JOB ! MY SON LOVES IT SO MUCH FOR THE COMFORTNESS AND SHOWING OFF HIS BOOTS TO EVERYONE HE KNOWS . NO REGRETS AT ALL AND WORTH BUYING !
 speedy shipping , package arrived before estimated time of delivery.gladly do business with seller again any day of the week .
 Looks just as I thought it would . The sizing is acurate no problems with shipping or anything ! I love them . And now I know a great way to purchase shoes without the holiday hassle
 My daughter wanted these timberland for Christmas , she has purchase them before so I known what she wanted . These are very nice boots
 i am very pleased with my purchase ! i purchased these boots for my sons birthday they arrived sooner than expected in great condition ! i had standard shipping and they arrived two days after i placed my order which was great so that i could complete my sons wardrobe for his birthday party ! they were in good condition and authenic timberland quality !!! i would highly reccomend this seller to someone else !
 I purchased this item and the very next day I received it at my door step . You ca n't go wrong with Timberland and the price was great .
 These pants are fairly nice for the price . I paid $ 9.00 shipped.I do n't think I can find pants for that price locally .
 I love these shoes ! They fit well and are super comfortable.They are great for people with high arches , and are the only shoes I 've found that let me forget that I have plantar faciitis .
 My feet were hurting so badly in my old shoes that I would have quit Jazzercise . Now I never miss and never want to take these shoes off ! They are SO comfortable and support my feet so wonderfully ! I actually received them , wore them twice and got back on and ordered three more pairs ! One for my Mom and one for my sister and one more for me because I never want to be without a pair !
 I am 6 ' and very skinny and wear a size 11.5 M . These shoes make my feet look like a size 9 and I like that . They are very soft and feel broke in the day you put them on . I probab ; y will pay more next time for this brand .
 just love these boots . needed a plain black pair . . didnt want a heavy boot or a ridiculous price . so of course i went to Amazon and looked for timberland boots . my favorite place to shop and my favorite boot manufacturer . got a great price - fast delivery and a pair of boots in perfect condition . very happy with this purchase . i am a womens size 7 = a 5.5 big kid in almost all timberlands . this is the only place that gives me the 3 things i need when buying tims , size , variety of design and prices i love ! best part is i can shop in my pajamas : -RRB-
 THE SHOES WERE DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE . GREAT JOB ! MY SON LOVES IT SO MUCH FOR THE COMFORTNESS AND SHOWING OFF HIS BOOTS TO EVERYONE HE KNOWS . NO REGRETS AT ALL AND WORTH BUYING !
 speedy shipping , package arrived before estimated time of delivery.gladly do business with seller again any day of the week .
 Looks just as I thought it would . The sizing is acurate no problems with shipping or anything ! I love them . And now I know a great way to purchase shoes without the holiday hassle
 My daughter wanted these timberland for Christmas , she has purchase them before so I known what she wanted . These are very nice boots
 i am very pleased with my purchase ! i purchased these boots for my sons birthday they arrived sooner than expected in great condition ! i had standard shipping and they arrived two days after i placed my order which was great so that i could complete my sons wardrobe for his birthday party ! they were in good condition and authenic timberland quality !!! i would highly reccomend this seller to someone else !
 I purchased this item and the very next day I received it at my door step . You ca n't go wrong with Timberland and the price was great .
 These are perfectly comfortable , I have had these boots before , so I knew I could not go wrong and the price was within my budget . I wear a ladies 5.5-6 and the 4.5 big kids fit great !
 Great boots , waterproof , attractive , fit true to size , highly recommended . Looks identical to photo , genuine Timberland boots . Great on rainy days , clean up well . Identical to the man 's version of this boot .
 The timberland field boots are wonderful . They are very comfortable and can be worn with any casual outfit . I own several pairs and I think they are the best Timberland boots made ever . You wo n't feel disappointed if you spend your money on these boots . They are worth it .
 I absolutely love love love these boots !!! I 'm a New Yorker living in Atlanta and im so used to wearing these boots so i was super excited to find them on Amazon ... On top of the fast shipping they arrived before Christmas ... These are my work boots and they were packaged just right ... I 'm very thankful ... and great job Amazon !!
 This shoe is true to size . Love it love it love it !!!!! And most stores are NOT carrying timberlands in kids sizes at the moment .
 These are really Great boots , ... . I would recommend these for any growing boy , or girl , ... . Just buy a half size larger !!!!!!
 This was perfect . . It was true to size brand New as suspected and I would recommend this product to anyone
 This is a great boot and my son loved it . We live in Hawaii and went home for Thanksgiving to Idaho . Since my son had never worn boots like this we were concerned he would n't do well with them . But he really loved them and they survived two weeks in the rain and snow of Washington and Idaho . And they looked great on him ! I definitely recommend them .
 I have a 3 year old who is hard on shoes . These are good inexpensive boots that last a while . Its definitely worth the money
 I love these boots they are perfect for my six year old . They are durable and I love the darker color so the dirt does not show as much . The price was great and shipping was fast
 this is a great product . i would buy this product again . i have no regrets on making this purchase . dj
 I purchased these shoes to wear in my wedding on the Island of St. Thomas in November 2007 . These shoes are very comfortable , I was on my feet all day dancling and mingling with friends . The monk strap is very hard to find in an ostrich skin . I would highly recommend these shoes for those that are into exotic skins .
 This shoe is incredibly handsome . What a looker ! My only disappointment is that you did not have them in brown in my size . Great shoe!I could use they both .
 I believe that ECCO shoes are the most comfortable in the world . These running shoes did not disappoint . Although I am older now and do not run much any more , my friend points out that it 's okay to walk in running shoes . These shoes are like walking on a cloud - very , very comfortable .
 all I can say is that the shoe is excellent quality and extremely comfortable like other Ecco brand name .
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 The shoes are just as adorable in person as they are in the picture ! They are a little stiff , just need to be broken in . Runs true to size -LRB- sizing same as the Skechers Women 's Bikers-Blush Mary Jane style -RRB- . I love that they are cute , a little bit dressy , and still WAY comfortable -LRB- like sneakers , really -RRB- .
 These are so cute . They seem to run true to size . Very comfortable . I 'm on my feet a lot and love wearing these shoes .
 These shoes `` rock out loud '' . I am a proud birkenstock worshiping gal , but I can put these on when I do n't feel like embarassing my daughter . Comfort and cool in one .
 I usually wear `` wide '' shoes and even though these are medium width , they fit fine ... if you have narrow feet , you may find these to be too generous in width . These are cute and look great even with bare feet and capris . They are okay for comfort , too ... not the best support , but flats rarely are . Overall , I am really pleased with my first ever Skechers purchase . I hope the `` embelishments '' do n't start falling off , because they really finish the shoes . My 8 year old wants a pair !
 todos los productos que he adquirido a trave de amazon han sido de muy buena caliad , excepto dos cosas . estos zapatos son comodos cubrieron mis expectativas
 These shoes are both cute and comfy . I love the embroidery on the toe and at the back . I love the way they feel.Excellent product .
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Very nice shoes and worth the money I plain to buy another pair soon.I also like the way they look .
 I do alot of walking at work and my feets always hurt until i got these light weight safety shoes . They are the perfect safety work shoes if you do alot of walking at work like i do .
 A very comfortable and stylish work shoe . It has a composite toe , and is therefore much lighter than the steel toe shoes .
 WAS HESITANT TO BUY THESE BECAUSE OF THE CONFUSING `` M/W ' WIDTH SIZE.I HAVE A WIDE FOOT AND THEY HAVE WORKED OUT WELL AND ARE QUITE COMFORTABLE . I NEEDED THE COMPOSITE TOE BECAUSE OF THE INDUSTRY REQUIREMENTS I WORK IN . A CROSS BETWEEN A BOOT AND TENNIS SHOE THEY ARE LIGHT AND FLEXIBLE . I PUT IN A PAIR OF DR. SCHOLL 'S INSERT WHEN BREAKING THEM IN BUT I DO THAT WITH ALL MY WORKSHOES . WILL HAVE TO SEE HOW THEY WILL HOLD UP BUT SO FAR SO GOOD ! LENGTH SIZE RAN TRUE ALSO BY THE WAY .
 I bought these shoes for my husband in Iraq for work and he has said they are the most comfortable shoes he 's had so thank you for being able to give him a little comfort in a time that deserves some .
 I AM A MARINER , AND NEEDED SAFTEY SHOES , THESE ARE GREAT.THEY ARE LIGHT AND COMFORTABLE.I JUST ORDERED ANOTHER PAIR THE LAST PAIR LASTED 2 YEARS.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE SHOES
 My 25 year old son -LRB- grocery store deli clerk -RRB- says they are the most comfortable shoes he has ever worn . Slip resistant shoes are required . Evidently he raved about them at work - management wanted to know what brand they were .
 These shoes lasted my 3/4 of a year -LRB- A composite Toe fell out -RRB- , but i streched them to 1 year . I work in shipping & when water started to leak into my shoes I drew the line . I did not re-order these shoes as they wore out faster than I wanted them to . If I was only doing light work these would have been perfect . They are light weight & comfy , and nice and warm in the freezer -LRB- I work in their alot to -RRB- . I did have to send a pair back -LRB- at my expense -RRB- because I ordered the wrong size . My feet are always between 11 to 12 . If you know your foot size & only need light-med work these are the shoes for you .
 Upon first trying , my husband liked these shoes . We just received them , so long term review is not possible yet . And though they are built and styled for business , they are attractive and smart looking . They do not look cheap . They are light in weight , which is what he wanted . The toe is protected . The bottom contains many little suction cups for grip , I guess . I hope they are as well made as most Nautilus products . I see they are made in China . The size 13 m/w he ordered runs true to size , not small .
 I previously had theNautilus Footwear Men 's 1710 EH Safety Toe Sneaker - which were great outside of the fact that living in a warehouse the mesh got torn up pretty quickly . I decided to stick with the Nautilus brand , and am pretty glad I did . These 5032 's are comfortable -LRB- noticeably warmer due to the leather outer as compared to the 1710 's -RRB- , and I like the slightly taller heal to protect the achilles heel . The only real complaint I have with the tread is from snow pack . Working in Colorado there is snow -LRB- duh -RRB- , and this tread is not meant for snow . After going outside , the tread becomes packed with snow , and makes the normally slip resistant treads turn into ice skates . Until you get the majority of the snow out , you 'll be doing the penguin walk . That is the one thing I very much dislike about these shoes . So if you plan on using these in snowy conditions , I 'd advise to get a more traditional tread . But that aside , they are comfortable for long use , seem to be able to hold up over time -LRB- I 've had them for about 4 months -RRB- , and are nice and light .
 Great pair of safety shoes very comfortable like walking on air and great quailty very good product thank you so much
 Okay , I thought the service was awesome ! And the shoes are incredibly chic . I got the shoes for my husband for x-mas and he loved them !
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 I really like the Puma Shoe but they sent me a size 9 instead of a size 10 . We did not notice this until today when my son went to put them on and they did not fit . We have already discarded the box so now we are stuck with a pair of shoes that he can not fit . Shoe is great just watch the company in which you purchase it from.Best regards
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I was desperate for a new pair of paddock boots , and did n't feel like investing a minor fortune in a new pair of Ariats , so I searched around and settled on these Dublin Reserve Paddock Boots.For the price , they are a nice solid boot . The leather is not as smooth on the interior as some of the pricier boots , but they are comfortable and well-made . The only thing I wish they had was a better interior sole cushion .
 These broke in really easy and are comfortable . My only issue is that the lace-hooks at the top seem to be rough and are wearing through the laces on a regular basis.Well worth the money .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I 'm in my forties and I should note that most people of my age grew up thinking of Mizuno as a `` speciality sport '' shoe . When I started wearing Wave Riders four years ago , the comments I got from friends were along the lines of `` I thought they made baseball -LSB- or volleyball -RSB- shoes . `` But , trust me
 I have not used these boots with crampons so I can not review that aspect.These are stiff and heavy boots , not intended for light day hiking . Walking on the road is not good , they are too stiff and not enough cushioning , but it is not what they are designed for.I have used them a lot in rough terrain and while carrying a heavy sack over broken ground for several days and they perform great . They have good sole and ankle support . There is a hint of flex in the sole , so walking is easy.They were comfy right out the box , never a single blister . The GTX lining is handy too .
 I love these shoes . They feel more like bedroom slippers . Very comfortable .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Real smooth sneaker ! Make sure you keep them clean though . The dirt is hard to get off if you do n't take care.Great color .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I have used Adidas Jawpaw since 2007 . I use them in dragon boat training and racing . They are non-slip , hug the feet and thin enough to dry out fast .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 These shoes are simply amazing ! Extremely comfortable and lightweight . I went originally to the shoe store in search of Climacools , but did n't like the current selection . I went looking at what else they had and these shoes were there . Picture a ruggedized Climacool and you 've got the Mali 's . These shoes have an injection molded insole with perforated sections to allow water to drain not just through the insole , but through the entire shoe ... right out the bottom and sides . It 's for these same reasons , that these shoes are well ventilated . You 've got to see these in person to appreciate their lightweightness and smart design features . I literally tried them on and in 30 seconds said , `` I 'll take them '' . They 're that good . The stlye and the fit make these shoes some of the best I 've ever owned , period .
 I got this for my very clumsy husband and it 's great ! Very durable and has lasted a lot of abuse !
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 I love Lelli Kelly shoes for my daughter . Granted , they 're pricey , but well made , and these boots are no exception . Love the style-factor the most ; people are always asking me where I get my daughter 's shoes and oftentime , she 's wearing Lellis.In my opinion these have moderate arch support , and my girl finds them comfy . They 're really her go-to boots ! Definitely a favorite style over here .
 Does anyone know where these shoes can be purchased other than the internet ? My daughter needs to try them on , etc. . Looking for Morris County NJ or somewhere close to that .
 Adorable ! These run 1 size bigger than most shoes such as Stride rite/Gap/TCP / Gymboree . My daughter is an 11 in those but a 10 in the Lelli Kellys .
 First , I must say that it is more helpful for the reviews to be about the boot itself and not about -LSB- ... -RSB- . The ratings become skewed and do not reflect buyer 's opinion of the PRODUCT and instead becomes a report card -LSB- ... -RSB- . That said , I , too , had ordered several of these as presents for my daughter and nieces and anyone else I could think of when they were on sale . I received several and several were on backorder . Yes , -LSB- ... -RSB- , I am thrilled that I was able to get whatever I could because these boots are darling . They are well-made with good quality materials . They have a rubber sole whuch prevents skids and slips . I have yet to have my daughter or nieces wear them as they are Xmas gifts , but just by the overall look and feel of the boot , I would not hesitate recommending them .
 I really love rhinestones . These have large stones & are so much fun to wear & look nice ! Great price !
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 Could n't be happier with this shoe . The 12M I bought fits perfectly -LRB- as usual for Tsubo -RRB- for my 11EE feet . Color is a very nice , true to picture , dark brown -LRB- OK , they call it chocolate , but what kind of chocolate may I ask - white , milk , bittersweet ... :-RRB- -RRB- Solid construction yet lightweight , exactly what I have come to expect from Tsubo . Now if they only made them in Japan rather than China ...
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 good est of boots , i dont think you need to spend the extra money on the pulse thing , but kangaroo leather would be nice .
 This is my first review , which I am only doing because of the only other review . This is a great shoe for kids . I have soley used this shoe as my four year olds tennis shoes since he was one . If sized right -LRB- my son has extra wide feet -RRB- , they are very long lasting . The shell toe does not wear down or become scuffed . He is on his 6th pair and not once had I need a replacement before he grew out of them . Great shoe !
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I 'm so glad the terrible 853 model is no more . These 854s are just as good as the 852s . Before wearing New Balance shoes as prescribed by my physical therapist , I would wear other brands like Reebok , Nike , and the like.New Balance shoes are simply made better . First of all , they carry different widths -LRB- I have narrow feet -RRB- , which was trend-setting . Second , they just last longer . Third , there is excellent pronation control , which was/is my main problem.I hope that any future models New Balance makes are just as good as the 852 and 854s !
 When New Balance began to phase out their popular 852 running shoes in favor of the 853s , I was really worried . Not only were the 853s ugly , but they felt horrible . I tried two different pairs and they both hurt my feet . With the 854s , New Balance has returned to both the style and feel of the 852s . What 's so good about them?I have narrow feet and overpronate . Until a couple of years ago , I thought most athletic shoes were just supposed to fit average . Once I was prescribed the 852s by my physical therapist , that all changed . I 'll never go with another brand . The quality and durability is simply superior to other brands . My knees -LRB- and wallet ! -RRB- thank me for buying the 854s .
 I really love rhinestones . These have large stones & are so much fun to wear & look nice ! Great price !
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 For the price , why have n't you added these boots to your fall/winter collection !? I have the black pair and I love to wear them with my skinny jeans . I get so many compliments and they are VERY well made . The suede and `` fur '' are so soft and the heel is just the right height . I wish they had my size so I could get other colors ! GREAT BUY !!!!
 These are wonderful boots . True to size , very well made , and stylish . I am looking forward to winter again so I can wear them .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I really love rhinestones . These have large stones & are so much fun to wear & look nice ! Great price !
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 great shoes for exercise , really let the feet breath , just a little peaved I had to pay duty/tax since I am in canada . 5 stars on the shoes , and 0 stars for east bay ...
 When I First Wore it , It Felt Like It Was Weightless!It Was so comfortable that i bought a few more pairs ...
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I really love rhinestones . These have large stones & are so much fun to wear & look nice ! Great price !
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I LOVE these shoes ; it is very comfortable and easy to walk in ; the inner part of these shoes have a soft felt comfort from heel to top ; you will feel like you are walking in slippers with heels !
 Shoe is cute , and comfy , but it ran a about a half size bigger than it is supposed to be . It is n't the type of shoe you can just add a thicker sock , so order accordingly .
 I have to tell anyone , who has lower back or foot pain , to try a pair of Merrells . When you try them on , they feel comfortable , but once you wear them for a week , you 'll never wear another brand of footwear -LRB- unless you have to -RRB- . Most of their shoes need no `` break in '' time . I own these in two different colors . My eldest daughter owns a pair . This photo is not a good example of the shoe , it is much nicer in person . I own more than 20 pairs of Merrells , I have been wearing these for years . The cool thing about them is , when you see someone else wearing a pair , it 's like you 're both in on a secret . You know , you 're walking in heaven .
 I own a number of Merrell shoes but it took some time to figure out the sizing . Merrell women 's shoes that are sized as a European 37 are not a U.S. 7 , but rather a U.S. size 8 . I am a U.S. 7 although occasionally for shoes with pantyhose or thin socks I wear a 6.5 . Knowing this disaparity , I order Merrells as a European size 36 rather than what I would usually order , a European size 37 . Merrell should fix this problem but this is a way to get great shoes in the right size until they wake up to this ludicrous customer service issue . Note that I have yet to talk to a shoe salesperson -LRB- Zappo 's , Shoemania , Nordstrom 's -RRB- who understands the problem or has figured it out !
 These shoes are space age in comfort ... I have had trouble all my life finding comfortable shoes . I refuse to be pinched , chafed , blistered , have sore knees or a bad back . But you ca n't wear supportive running shoes all the time . So these shoes are a blessing . They look good enough for the office and feel good enough to actually walk around in . Amazing .
 Title says most it.These are as comfortable as sneakers , but they look really cute and feminine with a pair of jeans . -LRB- They appear a little more clunky with a skirt -RRB- . My foot measures a size 10.5 . I found these on clearance in a store and tried them on off the rack in size 9.5 . Given that they were suprisingly not-too-tight I asked to see them in a 10 or 10.5 and was told that the 9.5 was the last pair . I bought them anyway and hope they 'll stretch with time . Even if they do n't they 're really not too tight , which is amazing . I usually buy a size 11 -LRB- just because 10.5 is a hard size to find -RRB- . DEFINITELY order these in a 1/2 size smaller than you 're normal size . 10.5 would have been too big . 10 would have been perfect for me - and even the 9.5 I have is manageable and still comfortable.And again - in NYC I 've always had to choose between comfort and style , and with all the walking , I 've had to pick athletic looking shoes . These just make my big feet look cute and trendy with a nice pair of bootcut jeans.I love them !
 the service was fine , the shoes are fine , but the wrong sizes , and it would have been easier to swap instead of the refund
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 These shoes are simply amazing ! Extremely comfortable and lightweight . I went originally to the shoe store in search of Climacools , but did n't like the current selection . I went looking at what else they had and these shoes were there . Picture a ruggedized Climacool and you 've got the Mali 's . These shoes have an injection molded insole with perforated sections to allow water to drain not just through the insole , but through the entire shoe ... right out the bottom and sides . It 's for these same reasons , that these shoes are well ventilated . You 've got to see these in person to appreciate their lightweightness and smart design features . I literally tried them on and in 30 seconds said , `` I 'll take them '' . They 're that good . The stlye and the fit make these shoes some of the best I 've ever owned , period .
 I got this for my very clumsy husband and it 's great ! Very durable and has lasted a lot of abuse !
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 these were great for the three years I have had them for running varsity track at my school . I have sprinted and hurdled faster and I am jumping higher in high jump . They come with spikes and a wrench . Perfect for a basic pair of spikes . Just loved them .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 I 'm very pleased with these sneakers . They are sleek and fit well . They are very lightweight and will be good for outdoor terrain . The spikes are easily removed for indoor use . They are ventilated so that your feet do n't overheat . The order was shipped in good time and the package arrived in excellent shape .
 These shoes are very comfortable and good looking for casual dress . Furthermore , on a really rainy day I found out how waterproof they are . I stood in 2 inch deep puddles and my feet stayed perfectly dry . 5 stars from me .
 I purchased these shoes a few weeks ago and have worn them a couple of times . The shoes feel true to size and width . They are not very comfortable to walk in for long periods of time or for long distances . They cause hotspots and blisters . The buckle on the strap across the toes can rub on the pinky toe and make it painful to walk after a while . The shoes have an attractive design and the details on the heel give it a special look . They can be worn at any occasion -LRB- formal or casual -- hoping you wo n't be on your feet for too long -RRB- . I would definitely recommend these shoes -LRB- if you are willing to sacrifice comfort -RRB- .
 These shoes are awesome . Worth every penny of the original $ 144 price tag but a steal at only $ 19.98 !!! They are beautifully made and very comfortable . I like that the front strap across your toes you can make one notch looser or in my case , one notch tighter , for a more exact fit . So far I do n't notice that the strap rubs on my toes like another reviewer stated but if it does I 'll adjust the strap accordingly . Also , plenty of notches to make the ankle strap looser or tighter , depending on your fit . I love everything about them . I got them in the linen accented with orange leather . Ca n't wait to take them on my trip to Florida in a few months and to wear the heck out of them this summer !
 These Shoes are comfortable for everday wear and look great . However , the white fabric in the front gets dirty really quick , and you have to manually clean it . That 's the only down side . Love it .
 That is just the shoes i like much ! ! ! snake snake snake snake snake
 Fantastic fit and feel . . negative heal-cup = comfort.found the best deal on the net , shoesontheweb.comOverstock said they price match . . but that turned out to be bunk.I 've had a pair of everything Birks , keen , . . My favorite pair was from Bass -LRB- suv series -RRB- . But they were discontinued . I could n't be happier with these . It 's been a few months too and they are wearing well . I use them like slippers -- mostly indoors .
 I have worn these shoes for years . They last me about 7 years -LRB- alternating black and tan ones , that is -RRB- . Have them re-soled several times . The leather is thick and high quality so the shoes are initially stiff and require breaking in . This takes wearing a few times and I have even gotten blisters during break-in . But , once they fit you , they are great and polishing and sole dressing makes them look new after several years of use .
 I used to buy these Florsheim Imperials when I was in college , 40 years ago and am very pleased that the quality has n't dropped one stitch even though they are n't American made . This is my second pair I have purchased and I am extremely pleased with the shoes .
 These are well made shoes in the perfect order of shoe manufacturing . The view of the product though does not shoe the difference between a pimpled finished as to a smooth gloss finish
 Anyone in the professional world knows that image and appearance matter . These shoes absolutely state prestige .
 The Florsheim Imperial was always a better than average shoe back when shoes were made all over the U.S. I saw these in black and thought `` uh oh '' . The Floesheim retailer does not have these and the guy at Florsheim ca n't tell me who has them . I took a chance on Amazon . The shoes fit just like a 10.5 D is supposed to . Amazing ! Stiff , shiny leather . They cut under both ankles and were close around the ball of the foot for a few days just like they were when you could buy them back in the ' 70 's . Preventative bandaid on the left heel for only one day . Two weeks later I have great looking , broken in shoes that actually fit . My feet are n't tired and overworked after walking around the office all day . I only wish they were made in USA . Nevertheless , the shoe has twice the character of the rubberized footwear so commonplace these days . Thank you Amazon for a great price on a real pair of shoes .
 I own the black and the cognac colors of this shoe . I only wish I could afford every color . These are my favorite shoes . They are very comfortable for a leather soled shoe . The first time I wore the black pair was to a wedding . Danced all night without a blister . Keep shoe-trees in them and they 'll last a long long time . They are true to size in my experience.My only criticism is that the laces are garbage . Order a few pairs of waxed laces for them . Much classier .
 These are traditional leather brogues - or oxford wingtips in US speak - as some have noted in previous reviews they need ` wearing in ' as the leather is stiff when new but they mould to the foot and quickly form into excellent fitting footwear . Great price , great presentation . Hard to beat for value/function/price .
 I think the shoe is a pretty good one for running . The sole of the shoe is pretty good and its very light.But I just have one problem with the shoe . The body of the shoe is made of a sort of perforated material . So when its cold out there , its not very comfortable to be wearing this piece of footwear . But other than that , I am very happy with the product .
 It 's very nice shoe . I would recommend everyone to buy it .
 Nice and comfy shoes that can be worn with several different outfits . I just wished is did n't look so wide on my foot .
 I can wear this shoe anywhere for anything . I 've worn them for biking as well as to work . They 're comfortable enough for mild activities , and they 're pretty enough to wear with skirts or nicer outfits . I would not wear them for running or aerobics ; there 's not a ton of support . Still , any activity that you would throw on a sandal for can easily transition to this shoe instead.The fish design is whimsical without overwhelming the simple lines of the shoe . The hook-and-loop strap adds additional fit customization.I 've bought this same basic design from Skechers in several style variants , and I 'm never disappointed . It 's a great shoe . I 'm just about ready to throw out my other slip-on casual shoes in favor of more pairs of these .
 They are excellent , to go to the beach , a Saturday in afternoon to the cinema . Cool and c ` modas . recommended 100 %
 I am not a `` sandal person '' but I am a devoted dr. marten customer and have been for about 20 years -LRB- showing my age -RRB- . Anyway , I bought these sandals in black and completely flipped ! They are great
 excellent product , up to the high standards you expect from the brand , & delivered quickly in top condition !!!!
 Two months in , and I would say these are some of the best flip flops I 've ever bought for under 20 bucks . Sturdy , supporting , and nice traction . And the comfort level is excellent . Highly recommended !
 Fantastic fit and feel . . negative heal-cup = comfort.found the best deal on the net , shoesontheweb.comOverstock said they price match . . but that turned out to be bunk.I 've had a pair of everything Birks , keen , . . My favorite pair was from Bass -LRB- suv series -RRB- . But they were discontinued . I could n't be happier with these . It 's been a few months too and they are wearing well . I use them like slippers -- mostly indoors .
 I bought these shoes to wear for work and they are so comfortable that I can wear them all day and still walk a mile home after work . These also look great with tights and a skirt or dress them down with jeans . Fits true to size . I was so pleased with these shoes that I bought 2 more pairs in different colours !!!
 Great shoe for colder days for good walking comfort and style . I get a lot of people saying how much they like these shoes when I wear them with skirts . I like them because the are so comfortable and low heeled and make me look good .
 I am , I admit , 5 ' 4 '' and weight 230 pounds . And so finding shoes that are comfortable , but also able to be worn at the workplace are very important to me . These shoes are perfect . They can be worn casually with jeans , or with dress pants in a business casual environment . They 're the best shoes I 've ever purchased , and I 'm on my second pair not . They might not last as long as I 'd like ... especially for the price . I 'm a cheapskate and do n't like to buy shoes more than necessary . These lasted about a year because the soles died and I had to replace them . It was worth every penny , though . I tromped all through London in them with no blisters or aching toes . Hit the buy button !
 I own two pairs and love them . I work in the city and do a fair amount of walking and these shoes are fashionable as well as professional and you can still walk in them ! I usually wear a size 8 and wear an 8.5 in these so do n't size down when buying them . I also have a wide foot and have a hard time finding comfortable shoes but these have been great . I do n't know if mine are the extra wide but the tag inside only says 8.5 so I think they are the medium width size .
 Great for work or weekends . Not recommended for a 10 hour day of sight seeing but very comfortable otherwise .
 This is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . Warning ! I wear a 9.5 street size - but in this particular model I wear a 9 - there are other Skechers that I need the 9.5 but this one is better a half size down . I have it in two sizes and three colors ! It 's the perfect travel shoe ! I must have walked an easy 10 miles a day in them and my feet felt WONDERFUL . I plan on taking all of them to Europe with me this summer as well . They can be washed easily if you step in mud or -LRB- yuck -RRB- other `` stuff '' on the ground . They dry overnight . LOVE , LOVE , LOVE these !
 GREAT price . I have another pair of these shoes I bought elsewhere at twice this price . Very comfortable . True to size .
 very happy I do not have to drive around looking for these shoes . I found the on amazon under two minutes . I find great value with time management and great communication from amazon always telling me about my order , I never have to ask !
 I have these same shoes in black and wanted another in brown . They are the most comfortable shoes ever . Versatile
 First pair of Skechers I 've owned . Sizing was true to my normal size . Do n't make my feet look wide like some comfortable shoes do . Wore them for several hours the very first day . They are so comfortable . Would like to order another color !
 This is the second pair of these shoes I have bought and I am pleased with them for an everyday shoe , whether for causal or a more dressed up look with pants . I have several pairs of Skechers in various styles and like them all .
 These are very comfortable and fit well . I did buy a half size bigger , but for most people I 'm sure their regular size would be fine .
 Having worn my first pair for the last three or four years , I was thrilled to find another pair so I have the security of knowing which shoes I 'll wear whether it 's 80F in the summer or -20 F in winter . My feet are always comfortable and happy .
 I found the shoe quitecomfortable , but was a bit disappointed that it was bigger than my other size 6 shoes . not wanting to go through the hassle of returning it , I 'm just dealing with it and wearing thicker socks for now . A no socks summer may be more difficult to manage .
 These shoes fit so well . They look nice with jeans or a step up and are very comfortable and stable .
 I have very difficult feet to fit as I have hammertoes on each toe , making it narly impossible to find a shoe that I can walk in without pain . These shoes are a life saver . I have three different pairs and and they are great for all occasions . They are so comfortable I can wear them for hours at a time in total comfort , yet I have the support I so desperately need . Thank you Skechers !
 I have many , many pairs of Skechers shoes . I have always found that Skechers Bikers are the most comfortable and run the truest to size of the various Skechers lines . I already own this exact shoe , but purchased these from Amazon because Skechers Bikers mary janes are becoming harder to find and the price was amazing .
 This is more a review about the easy return than the product itself . I own many pairs of these in different colors . You ca n't find them at the store any more so I ordered here . One shoe came with glue lumps under the sole that would n't even out . The other shoe was fine . Amazon refunded the money and I did n't have to pay return shipping .
 I got these shoes for $ 30 and absolutely love them . They are comfortable and stylish at the same time ... I would recommend these to anyone !
 Thank you for handleing Skeechers - they are the so comfortable Amazons price was far less than others - Thank you Amazon Sandee Hawk
 These shoes were one of only two pairs that I took with me for a year to Europe . They have been with me over cobbles and asphalt , rain and snow , winter and summer , and have been wonderful . As others have noted , the velcro wears out with heavy use , but I took mine to the cobblers and got the velcro and heel tread inexpensively replaced last year , and they 're still going strong . They work with skirts , trousers , and jeans ; the cross-strap keeps the shoe firmly attached across the foot , and I had no rubbing . I wear arch supports with almost all my shoes , and these are no exception , but they are still comfortable after a day on my feet . I have a pair in mesh that I wear without socks in the summer -- they certainly ventilate well ! -- but I find deodorizing balls keep the suede ones fine . Highly , highly recommended .
 Got these shoes to have something comfortable but more dressy than sneakers . While I would n't want to spend an entire day of walking in them , they are reasonably comfy . Great simple shoe from Sketchers : -RRB-
 These Skechers are just what I was looking for . . The color is hard to find , and the price is unbeatable !
 These are the best shoes for my mother . They are stylish and functional for her . She lives in a dementia assisted living place and she loves these shoes . They are easy to get into and out of and provides a rugged , substantial sole and rugged sole that assists in falls prevention . I am certain you never thought this would be something the people at Sketchers thought of when designing this shoe but it is a really good one for her.Thanks
 These are fantastic and I am looking for another pair now ! I have worn the first pair in sun -LRB- with no socks -RRB- and rain -LRB- with no leaks through the sole -RRB- . I 've even worn them in slush & snow -LRB- with more protection than expected with the open top -RRB- . They provide year-round protection and comfort and the shoes still look very new . The leather on the top looks brand new , in fact.But it 's the sole that matters . These are the best-fitting shoes I have worn in years . They fit perfectly and every step is cushioned in all the right places.I am only looking for another pair because I have finally worn them down after the several years of walking in them . The shoes themselves are still in great condition otherwise.I highly recommend them for everywhere from church to travel to commuting to work . You wo n't have to change your shoes to look great OR be comfortable .
 Do you want a comfortable shoe that looks good too ? You have to try this one ; it is very supportive and looks great with pants , skirts etc. . I normally wear a wide width in shoes but I wanted something different and stylish so I took a chance and tried them on I could n't believe that they fit ! I am very happy that I found them . I can wear them all day shopping and no longer have to stop and rest my tired achy feet . Now the only problem I have is deciding which color and style I am going to buy next ! Good job Skechers keep them coming .
 I bought my first pair a year ago for a week long tour of DC . I 've been wearing them almost daily to work since then and finally bought a second pair , not because the first wore out , but just to have another color to go with light colored slacks .
 I am very pleased with the sketchers that I got and am wearing them almost daily .
 I bought these shoes to take on a trip to Italy in September . I have been wearing them to break them in and they are so COMFORTABLE I find myself wearing them everyday . I can wear them with jeans or a sun dress so they will eliminate the need to take a bunch of shoes . They were sent lightening fast and every one says that they are so cool.I hear `` where did you get your cute shoes '' a lot
 I really like these shoes . They are comfortable and offer some arch support too . Went dancing all night in them . They are also very flexible - look cute with a skirt , or casual with jeans .
 WOW . . what ca n't I say about these shoes ... I 've bought two pair in different colors & absolutely LOVE them for their comfort and snazzy , fun appearance . They 're great at work and at play , and even during outings that require alot of walking . Highly recommend !!
 I absolutely love these shoes . I love them so much I bought a black pair too . They are very comfortable . I get compliments on them daily .
 product received in good time and we liked it because it was requested by me to give away and use
 My once in a lifetime trip to Italy could not be troubled by uncomfortable shoes . I needed a comfortable shoe that did not make me look like a tourist -LRB- Europeans do not wear tennis shoes like we do in the us -RRB- These shoes walked through Europe . They had enough style to take me from Pompeii to a Rome bistro . Nothing is more comfortable . I am hooked . I will buy more .
 Very comfortable , well made , and good looking enough for office wear . Prompt delivery , great price . So good , I bought another pair in another color .
 These shoes fit very well . They look great . They go with just about anything you wear . I do not hesitate wearing these shoes even in the rain . They are terrific !
 The most comfortable shoes to wear in the summer . I have a pair in white that was worn , and I bought black . I ca n't find white anywhere , otherwise I would buy 5 more pair , all at the same time . Still looking ...
 These shoes are very comfortable . My only wish is that the velcro fastener would last a bit longer . I keep coming back -LRB- I 'm on my third pair -RRB- because they work well with my foot issues .
 These are comfortable shoes , worn to work or after - can wear them all day without tiring . They look well with a skirt or slacks . I recommend them to anyone .
 My girlfriend received them as a X-mas present . She loved them and wore them everyday . She said they fitted like a glove on her feet . Also , they are really durable . The velvet-like texture of the front and sides does not lose its color ... Recommended ...
 These shoes are very comfortable and stylish . They are worth the money and it came in a timely fashion . If you 're looking for comfy shoes that are well put together and do n't look cheap , skechers are the way to go . I love them !
 I received these shoes in great time and they are comfy . They look great with jeans or even a long skirt and I love wearing them !! Would certainly recommend !
 Typically , when I wear sneakers , I wear a true sneaker . Otherwise I usually go for style first , comfort second . At 8 months pregnant though , I am definitely appreciating this `` fashion sneaker '' . I can just slip my foot in and slap the velcro strap closed without bending down . I did most of my Christmas shopping/errands in these and they had enough support to get me through some pretty long days on my feet . They are pretty versatile in that they look fine with sweats , nice pants -LRB- for work -RRB- and jeans . And what a great price -- I saw them at a shoe warehouse for $ 50 the day before I found them here for $ 27 !
 These shoes were shipped so quickly , I was very impressed ! As soon as they arrived , I tried them on . Perfect fit , adorable , and SO comfortable . They feel like sneakers , but have a versatile look - I wear these with jeans , or with a casual skirt and get tons of compliments on them ! I can wear them all day with no discomfort , and they seem very durable . I definitely recommend these for anyone looking for comfort in a cute shoe .
 I think these shoes are adorable . I bought 2 colors although I 'm not sure if they 're supposed to be worn with socks/without socks . Also , not sure what kind of outfit to wear them with ... jeans , shorts ? They are very comfortable though . It 's probably just my `` fashion sense ''
 Very comfortable . This is my second pair , replacing a pair that I had worn out . You can wear them almost anywhere
 I purchased these shoes for my mother . . wish I remembered her size in these Skechers shoes . Other than that there perfect . She alwaze wanted these shoes . She says there not dramatically big , so she would be still be wearing these since she 's comfortable . And alwaze one her feet
 I call these my Sunday-go-to-meeting sneakers . Because of Multiple Sclerosis I walk with a cane , and heels just do n't go with a cane . I have finally found sneakers that I can wear with a dress . Yay !
 When you need a confortable shoe that is dressier than sneekers because you will be on your feet for hours , this is the perfect shoe . It looks good with my linen pant-suits , and it is as comfortable as your favorite sneekers .
 I bought these to wear at school . I 'm on my feet all day on concrete floors . These are so comfortable .
 everything was perfect the shoes , the shipping was fast . I will be back I could n't of had any better ***** service
 More than I expectected . . really really light and comfortable ... its like walking on clouds . I love the color and it felt right true to size .
 Great shoe for winter , but too warm for summer . You need an insert or socks for this shoe or you will sweat too much in them . Very comfortable otherwise .
 I love these shoes so much I bought 3 other pair ! These are the perfect winter shoes for Tucson , AZ. . These shoes have really helped my planter facitis heal up ! Highly recommended .
 I bought these because I liked the look and found them to be VERY comfortable ! At my age - 40ish - it 's hard to find something stylish without trying to look like a teenager , but these manage to pull it off . I 've had many compliments from a wide range of ages . I 've also had foot problems , again my age :-LRB- , but I can wear these for a full day of shopping without foot discomfort - a definate plus !
 I wore them the first all day and it was like they were made for my feet . They are very comfortable , stylish , and true to size . Skechers are great shoes !! Amazon was cheaper that stores that i visited . I have them in two colors . So , yes i iove'em !! ^ __ ^
 I love these shoes ! Feel like sneakers , but acceptable in the working environment.The only drawback is they run a little wide for my feet .
 These are the most comfortable shoes I have . Actually I now have 4 at home -LRB- 2-blk , 1-dk brn , 1-lt brn -RRB- and I just ordered PEWTER . I really do wear these every , single day and you can wear w / slacks , gauchos or casual office skirt outfit.Love the leather strap -LRB- do n't like the elastic crossover strap Skechers -RRB- . Very secure and comfy !!
 I bought these shoes 3 months ago and have found myself wearing them several days a week in my retail position . Several co-workers have asked about them . I wear them with jeans and would also wear them with casual dressy outfits . I do n't think they look quite right with shorts . I have n't had the problems mentioned with arch-support , but I definitely agree with the reviewer about the smell ! The only thing I would recommend improving is the breathability .
 Must have for elementary teachers . I love this shoe for it 's comfort and style . It goes from recess to conferences and your feet still feel great !
 This is fantastic shoe . My only problem was buying them in medium . Depending on how a shoe runs , I can wear 9.5 wide or 10 medium or sometimes 10W . No wide sizes were available online anywhere for this shoe in my size for a very long time , so I got the 10M . It just did n't fit so I returned them . Eventually I was able to get the 9.5 W online and it 's perfect ! This is one of the best shoes ever - comfortable but stylish . Works well at the job or for casual events .
 I love these shoes . i have to be on my feet and running a lot on certain days and these are the shoes i pick . They look great whether in pants or skirt and do n't scream sneaker . Love them !!!
 I was looking for a shoe that I could wear with pants and skirts and not end up feeling crippled by the end of the day . With my Plantar 's fasciitis , finding a comfortable shoe that 's not my Brooks is nearly impossible , which I guess is a recommendation for Brooks , but they just do n't cut it with pants and skirts . These fit well -LRB- only exception is a slight pressure on the back of the left heel -RRB- , the velcro never comes undone as some have complained , and they look nice . I ca n't wear them for long shopping excursions , I still have to wear my Brooks , but anything else I always choose them . You wo n't be disappointed . If you 're looking for a sneaker , go for the Brooks !
 i love this shoe ! could not find it in a store at all ! found it here and bought 2 pairs ... took them out of the box and tried them on ... perfect fit ! i wore a pair to disneyland the next day for 16 hours and not a problem at all !!!!!
 I searched and searched in stores for wide-width Sketchers . There were none to be found - except on-line ! They fit great .
 this shoes are very comfortable and soft with my feet for a long work day . exactly as picture . I 'm from venezuela and shipping to my P.O box direction was fast .
 I bought these for my 92 year old Mom.She was thrilled with them . They run true to size and are great looking .
 Cute shoe , not as cushy as the same type in shape-up style . The heel counter was really stiff and took wearing a few times with different socks to soften up a bit . I like them with tights and skirts and with black socks and jeans or slacks . Versatile . I wore the shape-up version for 2 years and that 's when I ordered these . They are true to size and fit well .
 This my 3rd pair of this style sketchers . They are Si comfortable . I work on my feet most of the day and these are my favorite work shoes .
 I got these for fall because I liked my other Biker styles so much . These have a terrific look with the suede and leather uppers and are very soft . I do n't think they are very supportive -- the soles are just too thin for that , but they ARE comfortable for everyday wear . I also like the Biker treads for traction .
 I teach and am on my feet all day . These shoes are so comfy . I wear socks with them and am going to be able to wear them all winter with pants .
 I have been wearing this style for many years . My old brown ones , which I wore for over 6 years , were still in great shape exceptthat the Velcro that holds the strap was getting worn out . As a teacher , I wore these almost daily . I was thrilled to find these at amazon andlove wearing them . These are the most comfortable and cute shoes . Ihave received so many compliments when I wear them . They lookgreat with jeans and khakis as well as wearing them with skirts andtights . I know these will last for at least the new 6 years as the Skechersquality is great !
 These shoes are really comfortable and a great deal for the price . They are very cute and totally functional . I am able to wear these with a pair of thin socks and my feet dont smell . But thicker socks wont fit in these shoes as they are a bit narrow , nevertheless I really love them .
 A few years ago I had knee surgery and I ca n't wear heels any more and I am not allowed to wear gym shoes to work . These shoes give me the comfort and stability of a gym shoe and the style to be professioal . Love love love them ! Fabulous !
 I really wish skechers made this shoe in Navy . It is so comfortable i adore it . Though it is a lightweight shoe , it gives good support . My foot feels really solidly placed in this shoe and it has good traction . It is hard to make such a comfortable shoe cute , but Skechers succeeded completely . MORE COLORS !! I 'll buy all of them !
 Very cute with jeans , comfortable at first , did a lot of walking my first time wearing them and by the end of the day my feet were killing me . . I still love them though .
 I LIKE THESE SHOES BUT WISH THE SOLE WAS A LITTLE THICKER . I HAVE FOOT PAIN AND I COULD WEAR A LOT LONGER IF THERE WERE EXTRA PADDING . OTHER WISE THEY ARE GOOD .
 This is the second pair of the exact shoes I have owned . Love the fact that they are casual shoes but look more like dressy shoes .
 These are very comfortable shoes . I often wear an 8.5 , but these are fine in size 8 for me . I would recommend . I have 2 pair , the brown and black .
 This is still and always my go-to shoe -- cute enough to wear at work , comfortable enough for casual wear . I have lots of shoes in other brands that I like , but I have to have these , in black and brown , and I 'm on my second pair of both . Great shoe , good for walking .
 I Love this sneaker . It is very comfortable . I will recommend this sneaker . Its a most have , great buy . d
 My sister surprised me with these shoes , she always reads my wish list and will surprise me with something from it , just because she loves me . These shoes are everything I thought they would be , comfortable , great fit and look . You can wear them with anything .
 I purchased for my wife and she loves them . &#34; Very comfortable &#34; . Happy wife ... six more words required-oh well . I like them too .
 Contenta con la compra , tal cual como se muestra en la imagen , el envi&oacute; eficiente y todo r&aacute;pido , excelente calidad
 I had purchased the brown shoes just like these about 5 years ago . They are still in great shape , so I wanted to get the black ones . These were immediately comfortable the very first day .
 I love these shoes . They are easy to put on , comfortable and I loved the cushioned sole . They can be worn with jeans or dress pants - they look good with anything .
 I am thoroughly enjoying these shoes . They are total comfort on my feet and I have difficult feet to say this about . Yesterday I worked the General Election and stood on my feet for over 13 hours - guess what ! No discomfort at all . I have several pair of Sketchers and enjoy every one of them . I certainly will , over time , purchase more .
 I recently purchased these to wear to work and absolutely love them . They are super comfortable , and `` nice '' enough looking that I can wear them with a dress and tights . My high arched feed appreciate the support and after a few days of continuations wear -LRB- to work and then playing with my kids after work -RRB- I have n't even had any discomfort as the shoes break in . I am very glad I made this purchase !
 This little Mary Jane is really comfortable and stylish at the sametime.I needed something for work and then just casual dressy , so I bought this Skecher.I feel I have a dressy sneaker , attractive and at the same time I do n't even realize I have them on . I would recommend buying two because they are very popular . Very happy w/product .
 Exactly what I hoped for and expected in terms of fit and comfort , though I do n't like the dual-fabric business as much as I thought I would .
 I like these shoes because they work for dressy and casual wear . But I really liked the price compared to other places I looked ... and the service was fast , no shipping , and they were just like the photo !!
 I 've tried a lot of Skechers shoes , but not any shoes feel and fit as great as these do . You can even forget that you 're wearing them . They also have very beautiful fashion with two colors of leather .
 Los compr&eacute; hace 4 meses y a&uacute;n los sigo usando , no molestan para nada , son tan c&oacute;modos que puedo caminar todo el d&iacute;a y usarlos todo el d&iacute;a que no molestan en los pies ni tampoco sientes cansancio en los mismos , este modelo que yo lo llamo el convencional es excelente , ya he comprado varios en otros colores y son realmente un buen calzado ! Eneris Molina de Lic&oacute;n
 This was the best price I found for these shoes . The shipping was fast -LRB- and free -RRB- . I have been wanting these shoes but was n't going to pay the $ 70 retail price . Got them for alittle over half price !
 These are VERY comfortable shoes . They look good with slacks & jeans . My feet are n't fatigued by the end of the day in these .
 I COULD NOT BELEIVE THAT SKETCHERS CAME IN WOMENS SIZE 12 . THESE SHOES ARE SO COMFORTABLE AND FIT BEAUTIFULLY .
 I am so relieved after reading these reviews . I love these shoes but the smell after wearing them is so bad . I am glad to see that I am not the only one with this problem . Has anyone been able to remedy this ? This is such a GREAT shoe that goes with anything . They look dressy and feel great too ! But the smell , oh the smell : -LRB-
 It takes a little time to get used to the Negative Heel feature of Earth 's shoes . The company is right when they say you feel like you are walking barefoot in the sand . I am on my feet for the majority of the day and always had sore feet , aching knees , and a stressed lower back at the end of the day . These shoes have relieved all of that tension and soreness and actually make me want to stand and walk . This particular model , the Stride , looks like a casual shoe but has the internal features of Earth 's athletic shoes so you feel comfortable running in them . I have worn them a few times to the gym and feel completely comfortable on the treadmill and elliptical . The Earth brand of shoe will likely be the only brand that I buy from now on .
 I had been looking at these shoes for a while but the price was a little much ... So waiting paid off !!! These shoes fit perfect they have a great arch and if they are working out my legs and bottom I ca n't tell !! Thats how comfortable they are !! I own another pair of sandals from earth and am looking to get a pair of boots . . Thanks Amazon
 I loved the looks of these , and when I got them , I walked around my house in them , and found it just a little different . The slope is a little down from the heel , and I know that is how they are supposed to be , but I could n't get used to it !! I even tried to wear them a few more times around the house , but then they rubbed my foot on the outside edge -LRB- I have a little wider foot -RRB- . Anyway , my friend loves hers , but I tried and could n't wear them ! Too bad ! : o -LRB-
 This is my absolute favorite summer shoe . I have it in brown , green and cream . Super comfy and stylish all the while a life saver for your back . I have an antique shop and am on my feet all day on concrete . Since I started wearing these sandals my sore feet and back are so much better . Comfortable from the first day of wearing them . They do leave a bit of a mark on the top of your foot if you wear them all the time . It 's worth the comfort and cute style !
 I absolutely love these ` sandals ' and have received many compliments . Will purchase again and in every color available .
 Very nice product and would gladly recommend it to anyone . High quality , easy slip on design , comfortable and highly durable sole . Great for rough use and water resistant . Its a fantastic cool looking boot .
 I was pleased that I purchased these boots for ease and comfort of wear and recommend these boots for others to buy , my only concern is that docs do n't make them in England any more , they went to China .
 The shoe is a little more stiff than leather , but that is to be expected . Good fit and comfort level is high .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 This shoe is wonderful . It has class and sophistication . It is a must have for all wardrobes . It can dress up a pair of jeans for a nice night out or top off an evening for a business dinner.This shoe runs small for Nine West . I normally wear a size 8.5 in all shoes , but Nine West I usually wear an 8 . I purchased and 8 and it is a bit tight but nothing drastic.Highly recommended !
 I wore this to work and rode with it on vacation . It 's great . I would recommend it to everyone .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 I had been looking at these shoes for a while but the price was a little much ... So waiting paid off !!! These shoes fit perfect they have a great arch and if they are working out my legs and bottom I ca n't tell !! Thats how comfortable they are !! I own another pair of sandals from earth and am looking to get a pair of boots . . Thanks Amazon
 I loved the looks of these , and when I got them , I walked around my house in them , and found it just a little different . The slope is a little down from the heel , and I know that is how they are supposed to be , but I could n't get used to it !! I even tried to wear them a few more times around the house , but then they rubbed my foot on the outside edge -LRB- I have a little wider foot -RRB- . Anyway , my friend loves hers , but I tried and could n't wear them ! Too bad ! : o -LRB-
 This is my absolute favorite summer shoe . I have it in brown , green and cream . Super comfy and stylish all the while a life saver for your back . I have an antique shop and am on my feet all day on concrete . Since I started wearing these sandals my sore feet and back are so much better . Comfortable from the first day of wearing them . They do leave a bit of a mark on the top of your foot if you wear them all the time . It 's worth the comfort and cute style !
 I absolutely love these ` sandals ' and have received many compliments . Will purchase again and in every color available .
 Perfectly packaged and shipped ! These shoes are really comfy especially if you have a slightly wider foot .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 I had been looking at these shoes for a while but the price was a little much ... So waiting paid off !!! These shoes fit perfect they have a great arch and if they are working out my legs and bottom I ca n't tell !! Thats how comfortable they are !! I own another pair of sandals from earth and am looking to get a pair of boots . . Thanks Amazon
 I loved the looks of these , and when I got them , I walked around my house in them , and found it just a little different . The slope is a little down from the heel , and I know that is how they are supposed to be , but I could n't get used to it !! I even tried to wear them a few more times around the house , but then they rubbed my foot on the outside edge -LRB- I have a little wider foot -RRB- . Anyway , my friend loves hers , but I tried and could n't wear them ! Too bad ! : o -LRB-
 This is my absolute favorite summer shoe . I have it in brown , green and cream . Super comfy and stylish all the while a life saver for your back . I have an antique shop and am on my feet all day on concrete . Since I started wearing these sandals my sore feet and back are so much better . Comfortable from the first day of wearing them . They do leave a bit of a mark on the top of your foot if you wear them all the time . It 's worth the comfort and cute style !
 I absolutely love these ` sandals ' and have received many compliments . Will purchase again and in every color available .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 The shoes look so good except the shoelaces . If the color of shoelace is just like the picture -LRB- brown -RRB- it will be perfect !!!
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Comfortable and very wearable right out of the box!Would recommend to anyone who likes Happy Feet while trudging on the job!Have bought Wolverine boots before the only type I Buy!Very sure Footing and water Proof!Thanks the the Great Work Boots !
 We gave our 36 year old son these Wolverine boots for Christmas and he is delighted , saying `` Best boots I 've ever owned . They have every feature I want . ''
 Perfect for my job ! I work Outside 24/7 . During the cold season . These are all I need to protect my feet . I only wear one pair of regular socks and my feat are sweating !
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 A wonderful boat shoe . A great fit , support and stylish . Wish I could have bought more in any color available .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 This boot is a good value . Although the boot does not have the vent hole filters or Vibram sole of the more expensive boots , it will last several years and the price is great . The lightweight uppers and the sole make it an excellent boot if you do alot of walking . It gives good ankle and arch support . Be sure to keep in mind this boot runs large . If you do n't plan to wear heavy socks all the time you should probably order it a size smaller than your foot size .
 I just bought my third pair of these boots in five years . I found them to be almost indestructible for light machine shop and daily use on the street . They are VERY COMFORTABLE , ideal if one is on your feet all day.They also polish up well and are presentable WORN as a dress boot/shoe . They felt like a favorite , comfortable old pair of shoes from the first time I put them on ... SORT OF INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH BUNNY SLIPPERS!The boots are very well made from real leather.They are not heavy duty enough for heavy construction , logging or concrete work . Good for light farm work and driving.THEY ARE THE BEST WEARING WORK BOOT , I HAVE FOUND FOR DAY TO DAY WEAR.The soles have some tread , giving you fair traction in the grass , snow and ice plus have excellent wear resistance.Also ... the boot 's sole patterns does not leave large clumps of the outside on the kitchen floor , while stepping into the house.The boot sizing is pretty much exact . Only buy your exact sizeExcept a WIDER SHOE if you plan to wear multiple pairs of thick socks in the winter.They have an excellent size / width selection . I usually need a 14 EEEEE in a boot.The boots are almost waterproof , you will need to apply a reasonable coat of waterproofing silicone spray or mystery oil leather treatment . KIWI SHOE POLISH makes them shine up very well.The leather uppers are well cut out pattern and sewn together with care.I never had problems with the leather , material , sewn seams splitting or tearing , and no loosening or unusual wear with the heels or soles.The leather is thick enough to protect but still thin enough to be flexible.I have bought both he 6 inch and 8 inch versions of this farm boot.Both boot heights are just as easy to get on and off , however the eight inch high boot does gives you a bit more ankle support.So , I prefer the eight inch height.The only thing I can recommend extra for these boots ... Order a bit thicker , round nylon boot laces , instead of the flat , cotton shoe laces that come FACTORY standard with these boots.If you need soles with more traction get something with a VIBRAM sole.However , trust me , your wife will remind you , often , to remove your boots before coming into the house with VIBRAM soles on.The only tougher and better boots I have seen and bought , have been just as happy with , are the White 's Smoke Jumper Logging Boots and they COST ALMOST $ 500.00 The FARM BOOTS are a great deal ! I wish more American companies made things with this amount of care / pride in the product , a good design philosophy , used quality materials and all put together with wonderful workmanship!The people at WORK AMERICA remind me and hearken back to an earlier time in this country , when something that was stamped AMERICAN MADE or MADE IN USA meant often this product was the best made in the world!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008D94HNQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I had been looking at these shoes for a while but the price was a little much ... So waiting paid off !!! These shoes fit perfect they have a great arch and if they are working out my legs and bottom I ca n't tell !! Thats how comfortable they are !! I own another pair of sandals from earth and am looking to get a pair of boots . . Thanks Amazon
 I loved the looks of these , and when I got them , I walked around my house in them , and found it just a little different . The slope is a little down from the heel , and I know that is how they are supposed to be , but I could n't get used to it !! I even tried to wear them a few more times around the house , but then they rubbed my foot on the outside edge -LRB- I have a little wider foot -RRB- . Anyway , my friend loves hers , but I tried and could n't wear them ! Too bad ! : o -LRB-
 This is my absolute favorite summer shoe . I have it in brown , green and cream . Super comfy and stylish all the while a life saver for your back . I have an antique shop and am on my feet all day on concrete . Since I started wearing these sandals my sore feet and back are so much better . Comfortable from the first day of wearing them . They do leave a bit of a mark on the top of your foot if you wear them all the time . It 's worth the comfort and cute style !
 I absolutely love these ` sandals ' and have received many compliments . Will purchase again and in every color available .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 These shoes , in grey , are really stunning . The grey suede , tan leather tie , and the wickerish heel and platform work beautifully together.I have to admit that I have n't even worn them yet , so I ca n't vouch for comfort , although they feel pretty good when I try them on every now and then . I just have n't had the proper occasion to actually wear them.I guess I have the Rachel Zoe attitude -LRB- though not her money , figure , or social life -RRB- about fashion -- it can be artwork . I should probably get them out of the box and put them on display to get my money 's worth !
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 I would recommend getting 1/2 to 1 full size smaller than you typically wear . It 's not the most comfortable shoe , but you will get lots of compliments !
 Again another great product from NINE WEST ! . These shoes are made of soft leather that seems to conform to the shape of your feet ! I was never a fan of enclosing shoes , especially not the pointed-tip variety -LRB- I thought they were hell on the feet -RRB- , but NINE WEST has definitely converted me ! It is as if the soft leather caresses you foot as you walk . I believe I was UNDER-charged for these shoes when I compare the price I paid to the quality and comfort received in return.I would DEFINTELY recommend this brand to anyone and DEFINTELY purchase from them again .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 I had been looking at these shoes for a while but the price was a little much ... So waiting paid off !!! These shoes fit perfect they have a great arch and if they are working out my legs and bottom I ca n't tell !! Thats how comfortable they are !! I own another pair of sandals from earth and am looking to get a pair of boots . . Thanks Amazon
 I loved the looks of these , and when I got them , I walked around my house in them , and found it just a little different . The slope is a little down from the heel , and I know that is how they are supposed to be , but I could n't get used to it !! I even tried to wear them a few more times around the house , but then they rubbed my foot on the outside edge -LRB- I have a little wider foot -RRB- . Anyway , my friend loves hers , but I tried and could n't wear them ! Too bad ! : o -LRB-
 This is my absolute favorite summer shoe . I have it in brown , green and cream . Super comfy and stylish all the while a life saver for your back . I have an antique shop and am on my feet all day on concrete . Since I started wearing these sandals my sore feet and back are so much better . Comfortable from the first day of wearing them . They do leave a bit of a mark on the top of your foot if you wear them all the time . It 's worth the comfort and cute style !
 I absolutely love these ` sandals ' and have received many compliments . Will purchase again and in every color available .
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 The Danner Mountain Light II seems to be a good boot , but not a great boot . I have a wide foot and used to wear Vasque Sundowners in their wide sizes . The Vasques fit great and have a very good design , but the last two pairs seem to be made of cheaper materials -LRB- both the soles and the leather uppers seem to wear out quickly -RRB- . I tried the Danner Mountain light in EE size and have been mostly pleased . The boot seems well-stitched and sturdy , but seems a little odd in the shape . The wide size seems to be made for someone with a fat foot rather than a wide foot -LRB- there is a difference between having a thick fat foot and a wide splayed foot -RRB- . The leather is soft enough that eventually the boot mostly molds to the shape of your foot , but it 's not the perfect fit for the wide foot that some wide EE sizes give.The boot does n't come with an insole , so adding and insole seems to help the fit much . This seems odd to sell the boot without the insole . You can easily buy an insole , but it does add time and cost to the boot.Another small issue is that the gusset on the tongue of the Danners does n't go all the way up the tongue . This allows water to enter the boot if you step into a shallow stream during a crossing . It 's not a huge deal , you just have to keep this in mind when you are walking in wet conditions . My old Vasques had a full gusset and this was nice for water crossings.On the whole , I 'd say the Danner Mount Light II is a good boot , and looks well made . If it came with an insole and had higher gussets , it would be even better . Still , I would recommend this boot for someone looking for a nice sturdy hiking boot .
 I got a pair of these 13 years ago for light pack and no pack hiking in Japan and they have held up like no other pair of boots I 've ever had . Used to hike a lot in my younger years , but getting a little long in the tooth now but I 'll stick with my Danner Mountain Light IIs and when I finally need a new pair , it 'll be another of the same . The leather was getting a little worn looking , but was amazed after a little polish and some nikwax to restore the waterproofing they look like new or better . You really ca n't go wrong with these boots ; they may be a little steep in price compared to the sneaker looking things I see sold in stores , but what you 're getting is YEARS of wear from them , and they can be resoled ; try that with the sneakers ! Go Hike !
 Terrific combination of comfort and stability . Even better than the Acadias I purchased years ago , albeit for a different purpose .
 I purchased these boots to use for shorter day hikes and for wearing around town in winter , because it will be easy to have them resoled down the road ... not so much with my Lowa Trekkers . I have a narrow , lower volume foot with a narrow heel , and have inserted PowerSteps insoles in my pair of boots . This helped fill in some of the volume , and made the boots quite comfortable . However , the heel cup is still a bit wide for me and I 'm probably going to have to add some moleskin/padding to secure my foot more.I 've had the boots for a little over two weeks now , and they 're finally breaking in some . I say finally because I wore them for too long at first , and developed a few blisters before I knew it . Since then I 've taken it more slowly and they are starting to feel great . I did encounter the blister over my Achilles tendon as mentioned by others , and think this was mostly due to my foot not taking up enough volume in the boot.They 're nice looking boots that offer some warmth and dryness , and are easy to resole . If you 're wanting some tough boots for day hiking , then you might want to try on a pair .
 I have owned danner boots since 1997 and would never purchase any other brand . Danner boots are the best boot out there .
 Just received . I loved it at the first sight.I will review the product again after hiking.but only one pair of shoelaces . It would be better will we can have one more yellow pair of shoelaces .
 EXCELLENT product !!! well made boot should last for years if taken care of . I highly recommend this boot ! Other reviews say heavy boot however lighter than my old wolverines and made much better !
 Great boots . Were a little stiff at the beginning but soon became very comfortable . Would recommend these boots for their durability and hardiness .
 After sorting through a lot of reviews , I finally decided to take the plunge and buy up these boots . I had reservations about getting them due to the negative reviews . I tend to mainly focus on the negative reviews to see what type of problems/issues may arise . I also look at the positive reviews and try and ignore the `` lovers '' and `` haters '' who will post completely one-sided reviews . I definitely recommend looking at some of the lower star reviews , but also keep in mind they are very negative . They bring about some valid points :1 . You will most likely need to get new insoles . Almost every review recommends the superfeet . The boots come with a plastic pair which I do n't think are intended to be the sole support for the boot . Also , the size I bought was too big because there is n't an insole . I bought a pair of insoles -LRB- the superfeet -RRB- and it sucked up the excess volume and the boots fit near perfect . So , there is play with sizing depending on the type of insole you decide to go with -LRB- e.g. thick or thinner insoles -RRB- .2 . These boots will dig into your achilles . The fold over tongue design will put pressure on the top of your foot . HOWEVER , this was from the first several times I took them outside to WALK . I have had these for about a month . With a proper break in , these will become non-issues . Please do n't expect to immediately take them out of the box and go hiking . You will pay for it . If you break in the boot , you will be rewarded by your patience with a pretty comfortable boot . Now , I say `` proper '' , which I consider to be wearing the boot casually for awhile -LRB- e.g. wear them to work , walking the dog , etc. -RRB- . To be honest , I am still breaking them in a bit . The leather is pretty soft and will probably break in easier than most boots , but do n't expect the one week break-in period some reviews claim unless you choose alternative break in methods which may speed up the process -LRB- e.g. soaking the boots in warm water , showering , etc. -RRB- . Those were the main `` negatives '' I remember from all of the reviews . A few other notes - I was mainly concerned with the heel cup and the ability to lock in my narrow heals . With the right insole and working with the boot and lacing them , I can get them locked in pretty well . As I am still breaking them in , I do n't get as much rubbing on my heal anymore and expect that to only get better the more I wear them . Another note I noticed from reviews is that the 5 '' does n't provide enough ankle support . I disagree , but each person is different . The top of the boot just comes to the top of my ankle , thus , providing ankle support -LRB- again , you can play with the height by thicker or thinner insoles -RRB- . Some may desire more coverage . I have skinny ankles and during my break-in period , I had to work on the boot and lacing to get the desired `` tightness '' around my ankle . The top of the boot is wide and it was initially tough for me to get the desired ankle support out of it . With good lacing , this negative can be negated -LRB- good lacing resource - -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . A lot of reviews skip over the break in period and go straight to stating the fact that they have had the boots for 20 years strong . I do n't doubt that claim , but the boots take some initial work , but the investment will pay off . Also , I get the impression that a lot of the negative reviews did n't give the boot the proper attention - I am probably wrong on some but not all.The three take-a-ways from this review should be 1 -RRB- buy this boot , 2 -RRB- they need a break-in period , and 3 -RRB- definitely work on lacing the boot during the break-in period that matches your needs . I did n't discuss the third point too much , but I ca n't stress that enough . The way you need the boot to be laced will be uncomfortable and put unwanted pressures and pains in undesirable places , but the boot will break-in . Then , hopefully , the boot will last you 10 + years . A good review that I found informative and pushed me over the fence is by upadowna -LRB- web search it -RRB- . Good luck.Edit
 I have researched hiking boots for some time always trying to justify the price for these boots . They are worth every penny and head and shoulders above the competition . The leather weight and finish is the best quality . The form is snug and very comfortable . I 'm still in the breakin period and will update after a few hikes . Sidenote
 Danner makes some truly outstanding boots . I don &#8217; t buy there china made products but a pay the big bucks for their USA made footwear . You wear shoes or boot roughly half of your life . It pays to buy the best .
 After hearing a few ` word of mouth ' reviews from friends , I decided to look into Danner to see if I would pay this much for a pair of boots . Suffice it to say , I am glad that I did . Taking the boots out of the box I immediately noticed the fine workmanship and attention to detail . The leather used in the upper feels like what good leather should feel like . I am still getting used to the fact that the tongue comes over the side instead of up the middle . I do n't know if other shoes/boots do this , but I certainly find it unique and adds to the overall comfort . Adding to that comfort are the &#34; airthotic &#34; inserts that Danner includes . At first I chose to leave them out , but after deciding to leave them in for a day , I found that they 're comfortable enough to leave in . I 've been wearing them around regularly but have n't done any serious hiking yet . I 'll update after that . Until then , buy these boots . They feel good , every one of their components are of the utmost quality , and the stitch-down construction is pretty freaking cool .
 I love the style of this boot so much ~ ~ Everything is perfect expect its weight . Next time I think I will buy a less heavier danner boot .
 I ordered a pair of these boots last week , When they came I was disappointed in the quality of one boot 's leather , which was very thin , more like glove leather than boot leather . I am reticent to return items and for fifty years I never did . However , something priced over $ 200 seems a good candidate for a return if it does n't meet expectations.I shipped the floppy-leather pair back to Amazon myself . I might say please take advantage of their UPS pickup option as the price to ship them yourself is way above the reimbursement you will receive . The return was received yesterday and the new boots arrived today.One thing I immediately noted about the new pair versus the old is that the new came wrapped in tissue paper , with several inspectors tags in the box and with a product tag zip-tied to the boot . The other pair had none of these , which confirmed my suspicion that I 'd received someone else 's return the first time.The quality of these new boots is much better than those of the previous pair , more like the Danners that I 've worn since the I was discharged from the army in 1980 . They still do n't seem quite as heavy as the old-timey Danners but this is to be expected because the company is making boots advertised to have no break-in period . Right out of the box , they are soft and comfortable and my 10-year-old Danners are quite jealous of their bright new look .
 Last pair had to be retired , after 21 years , and I have no idea how many miles , and 2 additional souls I have gone through probably 20 pairs of so called hiking boots to supplement the fleet , but nothing compares . A truly great product and worth every cent !!!
 Good , comfortable.sturdy and look good.Expected as much from Danner.Look foreward to lots of hiking knowing I can have them resoled.Minor problem ; did not ship with orthodic insert . would have liked to try it outWould recomend to others.Thank You
 I just got them and they are actually lighter than I expected . It was like slipping a glove on . They feel great.I will start breaking them in tomorrow , but It is not going to take a lot of time . They are super . I have a wide foot with a high instep . No problems there . I have had Vasque and a couple others . I love my Vasque from 1972 , but they seemed to have slipped in the styling and manufacturing . These look rugged and feel like slippers . We 'll see in the next couple of days .
 I write this after having just received and unboxed the boots earlier today . After only a few hours they appear to be amazingly well built.I have been an avid hiker and backpacker across the years , but have scaled back the last few as I entered into fatherhood.Merrells tended to be my brand of choice , with the all leather ones faring the best.As time went on , I changed my boots for my budget , from Vasque to North Face , and most recently to the Asolo FSN95s.The last pair I bought based on both price and glowing reviews.I had thought I sized them correctly , but they have always felt rather narrow and tight overall.I wear size 11 for nearly all my footwear and did the same for those , but should have gotten the 11.5 s in hindsight.They were adequate for day hikes , but I nearly tore off my heels on a recent backpacking trip into the Adirondack high peaks.Enough was enough , and I began my look elsewhere with more of an eye on comfort , fit , and quality than on overall cost.Again my eyes tended towards my faithful Merrell Wilderness boots , but then I found the Danners.These are all leather , and gore tex lined for breathability and waterproofing , well fitting out of the box , and better yet - USA made.The price on these retails as the Merrell Wilderness , but with sale pricing they were nearly half off , and a far better all american bargain -LRB- which Merrells are no longer . -RRB- I had purchased these in 11EE , so it should have been wider than normal.So I was rather surprised to find the fit as good as it was on the sides , which tells me these tend to run narrow - so size your pair accordingly.The cost is more than your average sneaker style boot , but considering how well leather will mold to the feet , I expect these to fit and endure far better after a short breaking in period.The boots can also be resoled -LRB- only by Danner for a fee -RRB- , and there are many reviews from long time users all over with 10-20 years of wear with nothing but pride in their written words.I look forward to fully breaking these in , and expanding on my review , but the hours I 've walked around the yard and in my home , are enough to tell me I 've certainly made the right choice for a quality product that can easily outlast 4 pairs of other branded boots , and cost far less in the end.I will be applyingObenauf 's LP Boot Preservative -LRB- 8 oz -RRB- in the next few days , which will enhance the leather , speed up the breaking in , and help them last.Bring on the years and miles !
 This review is for those who need a wider , medium duty hiking boot . I wear 9 4E in sneakers . At 9 2E , and with thick socks these Danner Mountain Light II boots are very comfortable . My experience with Goodyear welt and Vibram soled leather boots includes super stiff Vasque and Alico Summits . I am -LRB- or was -RRB- a heavy pack hiker needing excellent support only stiff boots like this can provide . The Vasques and Alicos are wonderful for heavy pack hiking in mountainous terrain . But in my old age , these Danner Mountain Lights are better since I can no longer carry a pack . The Danners are lighter . They are more flexible and they are not padded or insulated . The GoreTex lining is effective . During several hikes , my feet stayed reasonably cool . Leather quality is excellent . They come supplied with some odd but very comfortable hard plastic orthotics . I did not think these would work but they are great.As to stiffness , these boots can not compare to the Vasques or Alicos . But for general use they are much better than the sneaker based rubber soled , so called `` hiking boots '' that most manufactures have switched to . Now , I know there are those who think that light duty hiking boots are acceptable for long hard hikes . I can tell you , at age 59 I out hiked a bunch of younger folks wearing sneaker boots . Their feet were so sore they could barely walk . If you are planning any kind of serious hiking , especially with a pack , you need stiff soled boots . The Danners are not that kind of boot . But they will walk the guts out of any sneaker boot . If you do buy those super stiff boots , wear them around for at least a month so your feet can acclimate to them . The Danners wo n't need much break in . They are great for regular no-pack hiking . Two additional pluses
 Danners Mountain Light II is a hiking boot with a very long heritage , going back to 1957 . Before then , hikers pretty much used work boots or very expensive European mountain climbing boots.The Mountain Light II is constructed using what is often called the `` stitchdown '' method , otherwise known as Norwegian Welt . The upper leather flares out where it meets the midsole and the two parts are joined by stitching which is visible around the outside edge of the boot . This method has a couple of advantages
 These were a gift for my husband . He had his last pair of Danner boots for 13 years , and wore them daily through harsh winters , hiking trips , all over Europe , had them resoled at least two times . Finally , this year , he was ready for a new pair . He insisted on getting exactly the same kind , and even waited several months after Christmas , for his size to come in . He is thrilled with his new pair , and has n't even needed a breaking-in period . These are high quality , waterproof boots -- built to last !
 I hike , bike or xc ski at least once a week . I bought a pair of merrill hiking boots which I used just for winter hiking . When I got them out I found that the sole had separated from the uppers . I went online and was looking at boots with stitched on soles . I decided on these Danners ' . They are very well-built and they are fairly comfortable right out of the box . One reviewer noted the lack of padding around the top and I did notice it at first but it does n't bother me at all now and I do n't have to worry about the foam rubber padding breaking down or tearing . For less than $ 100 more that I paid for the Merrills ' , I have a pair of boots that I can re-sole when needed and with care should last a life-time . And they are made in the U.S.A. !
 A while back I was preparing for an extended trip to Alaska and my trusty old USMC Belleville 's were , frankly , a bit long in the tooth and not exactly what I wanted to bring along . With a wide foot , I searched high and low , in more places than I can even recollect , before I happened to come across these boots . I ordered a pair and , when they arrived , they fit like a glove . I wore them around locally before carrying them to Alaska because the last thing you want to experience in remote parts of Alaska is a failure in any manner of equipment , let alone among the most important pieces of equipment like solid footwear.To boil it down - these are amazing . I could not wait to take them to Alaska and , once there , I wore them every single day , through 20 + hours of daylight , in every condition imaginable . I was absolutely brutal on these boots , putting them through every thing you can think of . They were soaked , but , thanks to being waterproof , my feet were dry and warm . They were submerged in mud , dirt , hiked over rocks , through forest , through riverbeds , glaciers , dirt trails , gravel , etc. , etc. , etc. . I ca n't tell you how much I put these through but , through everything , the only damage they managed to sustain was a small nick on the toe of the left boot . Since then , I 've also worn them in the Smokies , the snow , the ice and swampy marshes . They never fail to deliver the absolute best protection , traction and comfort.More importantly , they were , and remain , the most comfortable pair of footwear I have ever owned in my life . I absolutely love these boots and , if my wife would n't hit me over the head with a cast-iron skillet , I 'd wear them to bed . Kidding aside , they are incredible and , although they cost more than any pair of shoes/boots I 've ever had , they are worth every penny.For upkeep , definitely get someHUBERD SHOE GREASE 7.5 Oz Shoe Grease . It is by far one of the superior products I 've ever used on my boots and , after coming back from Alaska , I worked a fresh coat of Huberd 's into these boots and they looked absolutely brand new . My wife was amazed at how they appeared , especially her knowing first hand what I put them through . Outside of that little nick I mentioned on the left boot , you would have thought they had just come out of the box.I ca n't recommend these boots highly enough . Worth every bit of acclaim and every penny they cost . They will last you many , many years.Highly recommended .
 I 've been hiking for 30 years , and for most of those years I 've been wearing my Danner Mountain Lights -LRB- the same pair -RRB- . They have kept my feet warm , dry , and grounded in all kinds of terrain and all kinds of weather . Somehow , they keep feet warm and dry in the rain yet are agile and ventilated in 110 degree summer hikes . I do the minimum maintenance , and have never needed repairs.These are real leather , so they have some weight to them and they need a few hours of breaking in . It 's a boot , not a sneaker . Do n't confuse these with the cheap plastic `` hiking boots '' that are dumped on U.S. consumers from overseas , sell for half the price of a real boot , and last for just one or two seasons .
 These are the most durable and comfortable boot made . I like the supports included with them .
 2010 '' '' '' '' ` danner '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' ' 2E ' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' The size problem is commensurate to the nike sport footwear , brief greater part stack . Hope that the energy is resolved the actual problem because size problem is difficult to choose , the size that the amazon provides standard , not want to assume a reference with that size . If you like to have towel socks on , my personal meaning is that big half yards alternative shoes , this way can make foot more spacious being well more .
 awsome hiking boot a true class act.made very well.made in u.s.a. just is good as german boots.hope to do alot of hiking this year.the eiger north face .
 DANNER is my favorite is also one of the best quality of leather shoes . Thanks to the amazon can let me buy satisfaction and preferential price of the shoes , the shoes work and appearance are very good , wearing is very comfortable . I will continue in the amazon to buy everything I ever needed , every shopping is a pleasant experience ... Below put forward my a little advice , if amazon can be like me so of old customer regularly send promo code I think I will more in the amazon of shopping . Thanks again for the amazon all employees to make sure we can have such a happy shopping experience thank you !!!
 I just finished cleaning and conditioning my Danner boots that I have owned and operated for 18 years . They look identical to this boot . They have been all over the world -LRB- also exposed to many different conditions -RRB- and proven to be a solid , dependable boot.Although I have been really bad over the years about not keeping them clean and conditioned , they have held up remarkable well . I decided to clean them up and condition/waterproof them again and was amazed at how much they look like the day I bought them -LRB- like the picture shown for this product -RRB- . It is proof that Danner makes a quality product . I remember when I was in college buying them and the sales person at the local outfitter asked me if I wanted a pair of boots that would last a lifetime . I was a little hesitatant b/c I had not heard of Danner but I am thankful I listened . If I ever have to buy another pair of boots -LRB- not looking to good for the outfitter industry -RRB- , I will certainly buy another pair of Danners . In fact , I would buy the boot being sold here.About the boot - the cut is perfect . Not too high but high enough to offer the support you need . I have been in many compromising positions and these boots gave me the grip and support I needed . They look cool!Thanks , Danner !!! You did n't cave in to making an inferior product like all the trendy manufacturers do these days.Pretty cool they are made in the USA . That does n't happen often .
 These boots are kicking ass so far . been wearing them everyday around campus , have n't taken them on a hike yet . Two weeks has gone by and they are finally starting to break in and become comfortable consistently . The leather is getting soft and is forming to my foot . The quality of these boots seems pretty superior to a merrell boot made overseas . I own a pair of 240 dollar Chippewa work boots , more time is needed to compare my new Danners to those . Def buy the brown boot dressing off of Danners website .
 So I 've gone through several pairs of Danner 's -LRB- I reviewed the Explorer , only style I could stand for more than 2 weeks -RRB- . There really was no break in period but it took a few days to find the right sock combination -LRB- do n't be surprised if you need two pairs -RRB- . The laces are holding up fine to 15 mile a day overland use -LRB- one reviewer had issue with the laces , good review by Hank Wordsmith , I recommend reading his as well -RRB- . I 'm not sure the boots are going to last me more than a year , but I got them for MUCH less than the $ 310 retail price , and less than several similar pairs of work/outdoor boots I 've tried.I had some rubbing at the heel , and I had read about this from reviews here on Amazon and elsewhere . It went away after 3 days . The boots have conformed to my feet , and I use green Superfeet insoles -LRB- I tried the blue , did not work for me - took out too much volume in the heel area and I was getting bad heel lift -RRB- . There is no heel shank , just a heel cup , and I 've had to adjust my way of walking along basalt side slope so accommodate this but it has not affected the performance or my satisfaction with the boots . I have no heel rolling . There is still enough leather to prevent that.The soles work well for me . I travel over basalt , through mud , through several seral stages of forests , granite , and everything else . They slip on loose scree , but what really would n't ?? I 've had no issues of consequence.While I 've been happy with these , and they are very comfortable , the fact that I 've had to go through 5 styles and 7 pairs has soured me on Danner , and I will most likely try Limmer or another brand of boots when these wear out . I hope they last through at least one re-soleing , as I 'd like to see how Danner 's customer service and the whole process works.I stated this in my Explorer review and I 'd like to restate it here - it seems Danner boots MUST GO BACK TO DANNER to be resoled . They use a new proprietary process and heat bonding glue that must be done through Danner . I 've checked with two cobblers and they have both said they can not resole the new Danner boots.let me know if this has been helpful !
 Not everyone is an extreme day long hiker ; but , everyone needs a good pair of boots . I could not find a retailer in my area that sells `` old school '' welted hiking boots so , I purchased a pair of Danner Mountain Light II boots from Amazon . Right out of the box , they were a great fit . My foot is a 10 D and the Danner boots felt custom made . Before our trip to Yellowstone , I wore them a few times . The boots were hardly worn nor broken in before the trip . Once we got to Yellowstone the boots were on my feet for 12 + hours per day for 6 straight days . Not once did I think about the boots nor felt any discomfort . I climbed in and out of the car countless times , walked on gravel trails , paved roads , wooden boardwalks , in town and in stores , up and down steep grades on loose gravel carry camera equipment . We did some long back country hikes over rocks , dead trees , mud , through streams and up and down dirty dusty paths and the boots were never an issue . The traction was very good . I wore wool light weight socks and nothing even close to a blister developed . I even drove over a thousand miles while wearing these boots . The boots were not too heavy for driving . In the past , I have owned the sneaker style hiking boots with soles that always come unglued or the soles wear out and the boots are trash . After a long day in those sneaker boots my arches and calves hurt . If these Danner boots ever wear out , I plan to send they back to Danner for reconditioning and new soles -LRB- a nice benefit of the welted construction -RRB- . I very highly recommend these boots for every day and all day use in a vacation spot like Yellowstone . If you are reading this review , it must mean you are considering buying these boots . In my opinion , these boots held up fine in every possible condition and the boots were very comfortable . If I ever take a day long 25 mile hike -LRB- doubtful -RRB- this review will be updated . For every day use and trail walking on hard and soft surfaces , these boots are great .
 I currently own two pairs of Danner boots - these , and a pair of special forces desert boots that I 've owned since special forces started wearing them a dozen or so years back - both are of similar construction although the desert boots are taller and offer ankle support in a way these do not , and the desert boots are meant to allow air to flow around the foot while keeping out sand and dirt -LRB- which they do well -RRB- and these are waterproof so do not breath like desert boots - other than that this review works for both with minimal modification . I probably have as much experience with this type of boot as anyone for what it 's worth.I first had a pair of Danner boots made this way when I was a teenager and wore daily into my 30 's . I threw them away because they got so filthy and ugly that I could no longer clean them enough and the vibram soles were worn down almost flat at the ball of the feet but they were still fully functional and waterproof . I remember they cost $ 60 which was a crazy high price for hiking boots 40 years ago , much more than $ 300 is today . A shopping cart of food was $ 10 and gas was about a quarter per gallon.This type of construction lasts far longer than anything else still on the market . They are expensive but well worth the price - they 'll out live many pairs of 100 + dollar boots so , in the end , they are much cheaper . Unlike most boots made now , they can be re-manufactured and repaired properly . You could conceivably keep these boots for the rest of your life.They are made of the highest grade materials and are truly built to last as long as a boot can last . They take a bit to break in but form to your feet in about two weeks -LRB- constant , everyday wear or a LOT longer if you just wear them on hiking excursions -RRB- until they feel like they were custom made from a mold of your feet . The loose parts tighten around your feet , the tight parts loosen up . They are NOT comfortable when you first put them on -LRB- unless they just happen to fit right out of the box -RRB- but will be after taking the long time to break them in properly . Remember that these boots are old school craftsmanship - we are a society accustomed to instant gratification and you wo n't find that in a boot like this . When I was young , any high quality shoe took time to break in so it does n't bother me . Many shoes today do n't even last as long as it takes to break in a great pair.Make sure you put the laces through the tiny slits in the tounge or it will slide off sideways . It takes some doing to get it through . The tounge design is bulky and you 'll need to take some care while breaking in to get it to set in a way that is comfortable to you . If you just tighten the laces and go , you may end up with a bunch of leather in an uncomfortable position . If you set it right for your feet , it will quickly gain a memory of that position and fall into place every time.The heel is wide and takes time to form - thick wicking socks are a must for these boots espescially at first or your heel will slide around . The moisture from your feet eventually shrinks them into fit but that 's the part that takes the longest.These boots are not for everyone . They are somewhat expensive up-front and take time to become truly your boots . If you want instant comfort , be prepared to buy new boots every year or two . If you are willing to break in a pair of these , they will be comfortable for many , many years .
 These are just the best hiking boots out there in my opinion . Extremely well made in the USA , short break-in period and last for years . Sure , they 're a bit more expensive than the Chinese sweatshop boots , but they are bombproof & supremely comfortable . I think they have made this style for many years as they are a classic that never goes out of style !
 This is my 2nd pair of Danner hiking boots . . It takes a little walking to get them broke in . . The rub on the ankle will go away in no time !! The 1st pair are 15 years old and i will keep them for yard work , ect . . I am sure this pair will last just as long for casual wear and light hiking/walks . . Spend a little extra for U.S.A. made quality and these boots will be with you for a very , very long time . .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 The Danner Mountain Light II seems to be a good boot , but not a great boot . I have a wide foot and used to wear Vasque Sundowners in their wide sizes . The Vasques fit great and have a very good design , but the last two pairs seem to be made of cheaper materials -LRB- both the soles and the leather uppers seem to wear out quickly -RRB- . I tried the Danner Mountain light in EE size and have been mostly pleased . The boot seems well-stitched and sturdy , but seems a little odd in the shape . The wide size seems to be made for someone with a fat foot rather than a wide foot -LRB- there is a difference between having a thick fat foot and a wide splayed foot -RRB- . The leather is soft enough that eventually the boot mostly molds to the shape of your foot , but it 's not the perfect fit for the wide foot that some wide EE sizes give.The boot does n't come with an insole , so adding and insole seems to help the fit much . This seems odd to sell the boot without the insole . You can easily buy an insole , but it does add time and cost to the boot.Another small issue is that the gusset on the tongue of the Danners does n't go all the way up the tongue . This allows water to enter the boot if you step into a shallow stream during a crossing . It 's not a huge deal , you just have to keep this in mind when you are walking in wet conditions . My old Vasques had a full gusset and this was nice for water crossings.On the whole , I 'd say the Danner Mount Light II is a good boot , and looks well made . If it came with an insole and had higher gussets , it would be even better . Still , I would recommend this boot for someone looking for a nice sturdy hiking boot .
 I got a pair of these 13 years ago for light pack and no pack hiking in Japan and they have held up like no other pair of boots I 've ever had . Used to hike a lot in my younger years , but getting a little long in the tooth now but I 'll stick with my Danner Mountain Light IIs and when I finally need a new pair , it 'll be another of the same . The leather was getting a little worn looking , but was amazed after a little polish and some nikwax to restore the waterproofing they look like new or better . You really ca n't go wrong with these boots ; they may be a little steep in price compared to the sneaker looking things I see sold in stores , but what you 're getting is YEARS of wear from them , and they can be resoled ; try that with the sneakers ! Go Hike !
 Terrific combination of comfort and stability . Even better than the Acadias I purchased years ago , albeit for a different purpose .
 I purchased these boots to use for shorter day hikes and for wearing around town in winter , because it will be easy to have them resoled down the road ... not so much with my Lowa Trekkers . I have a narrow , lower volume foot with a narrow heel , and have inserted PowerSteps insoles in my pair of boots . This helped fill in some of the volume , and made the boots quite comfortable . However , the heel cup is still a bit wide for me and I 'm probably going to have to add some moleskin/padding to secure my foot more.I 've had the boots for a little over two weeks now , and they 're finally breaking in some . I say finally because I wore them for too long at first , and developed a few blisters before I knew it . Since then I 've taken it more slowly and they are starting to feel great . I did encounter the blister over my Achilles tendon as mentioned by others , and think this was mostly due to my foot not taking up enough volume in the boot.They 're nice looking boots that offer some warmth and dryness , and are easy to resole . If you 're wanting some tough boots for day hiking , then you might want to try on a pair .
 I have owned danner boots since 1997 and would never purchase any other brand . Danner boots are the best boot out there .
 Just received . I loved it at the first sight.I will review the product again after hiking.but only one pair of shoelaces . It would be better will we can have one more yellow pair of shoelaces .
 EXCELLENT product !!! well made boot should last for years if taken care of . I highly recommend this boot ! Other reviews say heavy boot however lighter than my old wolverines and made much better !
 Great boots . Were a little stiff at the beginning but soon became very comfortable . Would recommend these boots for their durability and hardiness .
 After sorting through a lot of reviews , I finally decided to take the plunge and buy up these boots . I had reservations about getting them due to the negative reviews . I tend to mainly focus on the negative reviews to see what type of problems/issues may arise . I also look at the positive reviews and try and ignore the `` lovers '' and `` haters '' who will post completely one-sided reviews . I definitely recommend looking at some of the lower star reviews , but also keep in mind they are very negative . They bring about some valid points :1 . You will most likely need to get new insoles . Almost every review recommends the superfeet . The boots come with a plastic pair which I do n't think are intended to be the sole support for the boot . Also , the size I bought was too big because there is n't an insole . I bought a pair of insoles -LRB- the superfeet -RRB- and it sucked up the excess volume and the boots fit near perfect . So , there is play with sizing depending on the type of insole you decide to go with -LRB- e.g. thick or thinner insoles -RRB- .2 . These boots will dig into your achilles . The fold over tongue design will put pressure on the top of your foot . HOWEVER , this was from the first several times I took them outside to WALK . I have had these for about a month . With a proper break in , these will become non-issues . Please do n't expect to immediately take them out of the box and go hiking . You will pay for it . If you break in the boot , you will be rewarded by your patience with a pretty comfortable boot . Now , I say `` proper '' , which I consider to be wearing the boot casually for awhile -LRB- e.g. wear them to work , walking the dog , etc. -RRB- . To be honest , I am still breaking them in a bit . The leather is pretty soft and will probably break in easier than most boots , but do n't expect the one week break-in period some reviews claim unless you choose alternative break in methods which may speed up the process -LRB- e.g. soaking the boots in warm water , showering , etc. -RRB- . Those were the main `` negatives '' I remember from all of the reviews . A few other notes - I was mainly concerned with the heel cup and the ability to lock in my narrow heals . With the right insole and working with the boot and lacing them , I can get them locked in pretty well . As I am still breaking them in , I do n't get as much rubbing on my heal anymore and expect that to only get better the more I wear them . Another note I noticed from reviews is that the 5 '' does n't provide enough ankle support . I disagree , but each person is different . The top of the boot just comes to the top of my ankle , thus , providing ankle support -LRB- again , you can play with the height by thicker or thinner insoles -RRB- . Some may desire more coverage . I have skinny ankles and during my break-in period , I had to work on the boot and lacing to get the desired `` tightness '' around my ankle . The top of the boot is wide and it was initially tough for me to get the desired ankle support out of it . With good lacing , this negative can be negated -LRB- good lacing resource - -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . A lot of reviews skip over the break in period and go straight to stating the fact that they have had the boots for 20 years strong . I do n't doubt that claim , but the boots take some initial work , but the investment will pay off . Also , I get the impression that a lot of the negative reviews did n't give the boot the proper attention - I am probably wrong on some but not all.The three take-a-ways from this review should be 1 -RRB- buy this boot , 2 -RRB- they need a break-in period , and 3 -RRB- definitely work on lacing the boot during the break-in period that matches your needs . I did n't discuss the third point too much , but I ca n't stress that enough . The way you need the boot to be laced will be uncomfortable and put unwanted pressures and pains in undesirable places , but the boot will break-in . Then , hopefully , the boot will last you 10 + years . A good review that I found informative and pushed me over the fence is by upadowna -LRB- web search it -RRB- . Good luck.Edit
 I have researched hiking boots for some time always trying to justify the price for these boots . They are worth every penny and head and shoulders above the competition . The leather weight and finish is the best quality . The form is snug and very comfortable . I 'm still in the breakin period and will update after a few hikes . Sidenote
 Danner makes some truly outstanding boots . I don &#8217; t buy there china made products but a pay the big bucks for their USA made footwear . You wear shoes or boot roughly half of your life . It pays to buy the best .
 After hearing a few ` word of mouth ' reviews from friends , I decided to look into Danner to see if I would pay this much for a pair of boots . Suffice it to say , I am glad that I did . Taking the boots out of the box I immediately noticed the fine workmanship and attention to detail . The leather used in the upper feels like what good leather should feel like . I am still getting used to the fact that the tongue comes over the side instead of up the middle . I do n't know if other shoes/boots do this , but I certainly find it unique and adds to the overall comfort . Adding to that comfort are the &#34; airthotic &#34; inserts that Danner includes . At first I chose to leave them out , but after deciding to leave them in for a day , I found that they 're comfortable enough to leave in . I 've been wearing them around regularly but have n't done any serious hiking yet . I 'll update after that . Until then , buy these boots . They feel good , every one of their components are of the utmost quality , and the stitch-down construction is pretty freaking cool .
 I love the style of this boot so much ~ ~ Everything is perfect expect its weight . Next time I think I will buy a less heavier danner boot .
 I ordered a pair of these boots last week , When they came I was disappointed in the quality of one boot 's leather , which was very thin , more like glove leather than boot leather . I am reticent to return items and for fifty years I never did . However , something priced over $ 200 seems a good candidate for a return if it does n't meet expectations.I shipped the floppy-leather pair back to Amazon myself . I might say please take advantage of their UPS pickup option as the price to ship them yourself is way above the reimbursement you will receive . The return was received yesterday and the new boots arrived today.One thing I immediately noted about the new pair versus the old is that the new came wrapped in tissue paper , with several inspectors tags in the box and with a product tag zip-tied to the boot . The other pair had none of these , which confirmed my suspicion that I 'd received someone else 's return the first time.The quality of these new boots is much better than those of the previous pair , more like the Danners that I 've worn since the I was discharged from the army in 1980 . They still do n't seem quite as heavy as the old-timey Danners but this is to be expected because the company is making boots advertised to have no break-in period . Right out of the box , they are soft and comfortable and my 10-year-old Danners are quite jealous of their bright new look .
 Last pair had to be retired , after 21 years , and I have no idea how many miles , and 2 additional souls I have gone through probably 20 pairs of so called hiking boots to supplement the fleet , but nothing compares . A truly great product and worth every cent !!!
 Good , comfortable.sturdy and look good.Expected as much from Danner.Look foreward to lots of hiking knowing I can have them resoled.Minor problem ; did not ship with orthodic insert . would have liked to try it outWould recomend to others.Thank You
 I just got them and they are actually lighter than I expected . It was like slipping a glove on . They feel great.I will start breaking them in tomorrow , but It is not going to take a lot of time . They are super . I have a wide foot with a high instep . No problems there . I have had Vasque and a couple others . I love my Vasque from 1972 , but they seemed to have slipped in the styling and manufacturing . These look rugged and feel like slippers . We 'll see in the next couple of days .
 I write this after having just received and unboxed the boots earlier today . After only a few hours they appear to be amazingly well built.I have been an avid hiker and backpacker across the years , but have scaled back the last few as I entered into fatherhood.Merrells tended to be my brand of choice , with the all leather ones faring the best.As time went on , I changed my boots for my budget , from Vasque to North Face , and most recently to the Asolo FSN95s.The last pair I bought based on both price and glowing reviews.I had thought I sized them correctly , but they have always felt rather narrow and tight overall.I wear size 11 for nearly all my footwear and did the same for those , but should have gotten the 11.5 s in hindsight.They were adequate for day hikes , but I nearly tore off my heels on a recent backpacking trip into the Adirondack high peaks.Enough was enough , and I began my look elsewhere with more of an eye on comfort , fit , and quality than on overall cost.Again my eyes tended towards my faithful Merrell Wilderness boots , but then I found the Danners.These are all leather , and gore tex lined for breathability and waterproofing , well fitting out of the box , and better yet - USA made.The price on these retails as the Merrell Wilderness , but with sale pricing they were nearly half off , and a far better all american bargain -LRB- which Merrells are no longer . -RRB- I had purchased these in 11EE , so it should have been wider than normal.So I was rather surprised to find the fit as good as it was on the sides , which tells me these tend to run narrow - so size your pair accordingly.The cost is more than your average sneaker style boot , but considering how well leather will mold to the feet , I expect these to fit and endure far better after a short breaking in period.The boots can also be resoled -LRB- only by Danner for a fee -RRB- , and there are many reviews from long time users all over with 10-20 years of wear with nothing but pride in their written words.I look forward to fully breaking these in , and expanding on my review , but the hours I 've walked around the yard and in my home , are enough to tell me I 've certainly made the right choice for a quality product that can easily outlast 4 pairs of other branded boots , and cost far less in the end.I will be applyingObenauf 's LP Boot Preservative -LRB- 8 oz -RRB- in the next few days , which will enhance the leather , speed up the breaking in , and help them last.Bring on the years and miles !
 This review is for those who need a wider , medium duty hiking boot . I wear 9 4E in sneakers . At 9 2E , and with thick socks these Danner Mountain Light II boots are very comfortable . My experience with Goodyear welt and Vibram soled leather boots includes super stiff Vasque and Alico Summits . I am -LRB- or was -RRB- a heavy pack hiker needing excellent support only stiff boots like this can provide . The Vasques and Alicos are wonderful for heavy pack hiking in mountainous terrain . But in my old age , these Danner Mountain Lights are better since I can no longer carry a pack . The Danners are lighter . They are more flexible and they are not padded or insulated . The GoreTex lining is effective . During several hikes , my feet stayed reasonably cool . Leather quality is excellent . They come supplied with some odd but very comfortable hard plastic orthotics . I did not think these would work but they are great.As to stiffness , these boots can not compare to the Vasques or Alicos . But for general use they are much better than the sneaker based rubber soled , so called `` hiking boots '' that most manufactures have switched to . Now , I know there are those who think that light duty hiking boots are acceptable for long hard hikes . I can tell you , at age 59 I out hiked a bunch of younger folks wearing sneaker boots . Their feet were so sore they could barely walk . If you are planning any kind of serious hiking , especially with a pack , you need stiff soled boots . The Danners are not that kind of boot . But they will walk the guts out of any sneaker boot . If you do buy those super stiff boots , wear them around for at least a month so your feet can acclimate to them . The Danners wo n't need much break in . They are great for regular no-pack hiking . Two additional pluses
 Danners Mountain Light II is a hiking boot with a very long heritage , going back to 1957 . Before then , hikers pretty much used work boots or very expensive European mountain climbing boots.The Mountain Light II is constructed using what is often called the `` stitchdown '' method , otherwise known as Norwegian Welt . The upper leather flares out where it meets the midsole and the two parts are joined by stitching which is visible around the outside edge of the boot . This method has a couple of advantages
 These were a gift for my husband . He had his last pair of Danner boots for 13 years , and wore them daily through harsh winters , hiking trips , all over Europe , had them resoled at least two times . Finally , this year , he was ready for a new pair . He insisted on getting exactly the same kind , and even waited several months after Christmas , for his size to come in . He is thrilled with his new pair , and has n't even needed a breaking-in period . These are high quality , waterproof boots -- built to last !
 I hike , bike or xc ski at least once a week . I bought a pair of merrill hiking boots which I used just for winter hiking . When I got them out I found that the sole had separated from the uppers . I went online and was looking at boots with stitched on soles . I decided on these Danners ' . They are very well-built and they are fairly comfortable right out of the box . One reviewer noted the lack of padding around the top and I did notice it at first but it does n't bother me at all now and I do n't have to worry about the foam rubber padding breaking down or tearing . For less than $ 100 more that I paid for the Merrills ' , I have a pair of boots that I can re-sole when needed and with care should last a life-time . And they are made in the U.S.A. !
 A while back I was preparing for an extended trip to Alaska and my trusty old USMC Belleville 's were , frankly , a bit long in the tooth and not exactly what I wanted to bring along . With a wide foot , I searched high and low , in more places than I can even recollect , before I happened to come across these boots . I ordered a pair and , when they arrived , they fit like a glove . I wore them around locally before carrying them to Alaska because the last thing you want to experience in remote parts of Alaska is a failure in any manner of equipment , let alone among the most important pieces of equipment like solid footwear.To boil it down - these are amazing . I could not wait to take them to Alaska and , once there , I wore them every single day , through 20 + hours of daylight , in every condition imaginable . I was absolutely brutal on these boots , putting them through every thing you can think of . They were soaked , but , thanks to being waterproof , my feet were dry and warm . They were submerged in mud , dirt , hiked over rocks , through forest , through riverbeds , glaciers , dirt trails , gravel , etc. , etc. , etc. . I ca n't tell you how much I put these through but , through everything , the only damage they managed to sustain was a small nick on the toe of the left boot . Since then , I 've also worn them in the Smokies , the snow , the ice and swampy marshes . They never fail to deliver the absolute best protection , traction and comfort.More importantly , they were , and remain , the most comfortable pair of footwear I have ever owned in my life . I absolutely love these boots and , if my wife would n't hit me over the head with a cast-iron skillet , I 'd wear them to bed . Kidding aside , they are incredible and , although they cost more than any pair of shoes/boots I 've ever had , they are worth every penny.For upkeep , definitely get someHUBERD SHOE GREASE 7.5 Oz Shoe Grease . It is by far one of the superior products I 've ever used on my boots and , after coming back from Alaska , I worked a fresh coat of Huberd 's into these boots and they looked absolutely brand new . My wife was amazed at how they appeared , especially her knowing first hand what I put them through . Outside of that little nick I mentioned on the left boot , you would have thought they had just come out of the box.I ca n't recommend these boots highly enough . Worth every bit of acclaim and every penny they cost . They will last you many , many years.Highly recommended .
 I 've been hiking for 30 years , and for most of those years I 've been wearing my Danner Mountain Lights -LRB- the same pair -RRB- . They have kept my feet warm , dry , and grounded in all kinds of terrain and all kinds of weather . Somehow , they keep feet warm and dry in the rain yet are agile and ventilated in 110 degree summer hikes . I do the minimum maintenance , and have never needed repairs.These are real leather , so they have some weight to them and they need a few hours of breaking in . It 's a boot , not a sneaker . Do n't confuse these with the cheap plastic `` hiking boots '' that are dumped on U.S. consumers from overseas , sell for half the price of a real boot , and last for just one or two seasons .
 These are the most durable and comfortable boot made . I like the supports included with them .
 2010 '' '' '' '' ` danner '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' ' 2E ' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' The size problem is commensurate to the nike sport footwear , brief greater part stack . Hope that the energy is resolved the actual problem because size problem is difficult to choose , the size that the amazon provides standard , not want to assume a reference with that size . If you like to have towel socks on , my personal meaning is that big half yards alternative shoes , this way can make foot more spacious being well more .
 awsome hiking boot a true class act.made very well.made in u.s.a. just is good as german boots.hope to do alot of hiking this year.the eiger north face .
 DANNER is my favorite is also one of the best quality of leather shoes . Thanks to the amazon can let me buy satisfaction and preferential price of the shoes , the shoes work and appearance are very good , wearing is very comfortable . I will continue in the amazon to buy everything I ever needed , every shopping is a pleasant experience ... Below put forward my a little advice , if amazon can be like me so of old customer regularly send promo code I think I will more in the amazon of shopping . Thanks again for the amazon all employees to make sure we can have such a happy shopping experience thank you !!!
 I just finished cleaning and conditioning my Danner boots that I have owned and operated for 18 years . They look identical to this boot . They have been all over the world -LRB- also exposed to many different conditions -RRB- and proven to be a solid , dependable boot.Although I have been really bad over the years about not keeping them clean and conditioned , they have held up remarkable well . I decided to clean them up and condition/waterproof them again and was amazed at how much they look like the day I bought them -LRB- like the picture shown for this product -RRB- . It is proof that Danner makes a quality product . I remember when I was in college buying them and the sales person at the local outfitter asked me if I wanted a pair of boots that would last a lifetime . I was a little hesitatant b/c I had not heard of Danner but I am thankful I listened . If I ever have to buy another pair of boots -LRB- not looking to good for the outfitter industry -RRB- , I will certainly buy another pair of Danners . In fact , I would buy the boot being sold here.About the boot - the cut is perfect . Not too high but high enough to offer the support you need . I have been in many compromising positions and these boots gave me the grip and support I needed . They look cool!Thanks , Danner !!! You did n't cave in to making an inferior product like all the trendy manufacturers do these days.Pretty cool they are made in the USA . That does n't happen often .
 These boots are kicking ass so far . been wearing them everyday around campus , have n't taken them on a hike yet . Two weeks has gone by and they are finally starting to break in and become comfortable consistently . The leather is getting soft and is forming to my foot . The quality of these boots seems pretty superior to a merrell boot made overseas . I own a pair of 240 dollar Chippewa work boots , more time is needed to compare my new Danners to those . Def buy the brown boot dressing off of Danners website .
 So I 've gone through several pairs of Danner 's -LRB- I reviewed the Explorer , only style I could stand for more than 2 weeks -RRB- . There really was no break in period but it took a few days to find the right sock combination -LRB- do n't be surprised if you need two pairs -RRB- . The laces are holding up fine to 15 mile a day overland use -LRB- one reviewer had issue with the laces , good review by Hank Wordsmith , I recommend reading his as well -RRB- . I 'm not sure the boots are going to last me more than a year , but I got them for MUCH less than the $ 310 retail price , and less than several similar pairs of work/outdoor boots I 've tried.I had some rubbing at the heel , and I had read about this from reviews here on Amazon and elsewhere . It went away after 3 days . The boots have conformed to my feet , and I use green Superfeet insoles -LRB- I tried the blue , did not work for me - took out too much volume in the heel area and I was getting bad heel lift -RRB- . There is no heel shank , just a heel cup , and I 've had to adjust my way of walking along basalt side slope so accommodate this but it has not affected the performance or my satisfaction with the boots . I have no heel rolling . There is still enough leather to prevent that.The soles work well for me . I travel over basalt , through mud , through several seral stages of forests , granite , and everything else . They slip on loose scree , but what really would n't ?? I 've had no issues of consequence.While I 've been happy with these , and they are very comfortable , the fact that I 've had to go through 5 styles and 7 pairs has soured me on Danner , and I will most likely try Limmer or another brand of boots when these wear out . I hope they last through at least one re-soleing , as I 'd like to see how Danner 's customer service and the whole process works.I stated this in my Explorer review and I 'd like to restate it here - it seems Danner boots MUST GO BACK TO DANNER to be resoled . They use a new proprietary process and heat bonding glue that must be done through Danner . I 've checked with two cobblers and they have both said they can not resole the new Danner boots.let me know if this has been helpful !
 Not everyone is an extreme day long hiker ; but , everyone needs a good pair of boots . I could not find a retailer in my area that sells `` old school '' welted hiking boots so , I purchased a pair of Danner Mountain Light II boots from Amazon . Right out of the box , they were a great fit . My foot is a 10 D and the Danner boots felt custom made . Before our trip to Yellowstone , I wore them a few times . The boots were hardly worn nor broken in before the trip . Once we got to Yellowstone the boots were on my feet for 12 + hours per day for 6 straight days . Not once did I think about the boots nor felt any discomfort . I climbed in and out of the car countless times , walked on gravel trails , paved roads , wooden boardwalks , in town and in stores , up and down steep grades on loose gravel carry camera equipment . We did some long back country hikes over rocks , dead trees , mud , through streams and up and down dirty dusty paths and the boots were never an issue . The traction was very good . I wore wool light weight socks and nothing even close to a blister developed . I even drove over a thousand miles while wearing these boots . The boots were not too heavy for driving . In the past , I have owned the sneaker style hiking boots with soles that always come unglued or the soles wear out and the boots are trash . After a long day in those sneaker boots my arches and calves hurt . If these Danner boots ever wear out , I plan to send they back to Danner for reconditioning and new soles -LRB- a nice benefit of the welted construction -RRB- . I very highly recommend these boots for every day and all day use in a vacation spot like Yellowstone . If you are reading this review , it must mean you are considering buying these boots . In my opinion , these boots held up fine in every possible condition and the boots were very comfortable . If I ever take a day long 25 mile hike -LRB- doubtful -RRB- this review will be updated . For every day use and trail walking on hard and soft surfaces , these boots are great .
 I currently own two pairs of Danner boots - these , and a pair of special forces desert boots that I 've owned since special forces started wearing them a dozen or so years back - both are of similar construction although the desert boots are taller and offer ankle support in a way these do not , and the desert boots are meant to allow air to flow around the foot while keeping out sand and dirt -LRB- which they do well -RRB- and these are waterproof so do not breath like desert boots - other than that this review works for both with minimal modification . I probably have as much experience with this type of boot as anyone for what it 's worth.I first had a pair of Danner boots made this way when I was a teenager and wore daily into my 30 's . I threw them away because they got so filthy and ugly that I could no longer clean them enough and the vibram soles were worn down almost flat at the ball of the feet but they were still fully functional and waterproof . I remember they cost $ 60 which was a crazy high price for hiking boots 40 years ago , much more than $ 300 is today . A shopping cart of food was $ 10 and gas was about a quarter per gallon.This type of construction lasts far longer than anything else still on the market . They are expensive but well worth the price - they 'll out live many pairs of 100 + dollar boots so , in the end , they are much cheaper . Unlike most boots made now , they can be re-manufactured and repaired properly . You could conceivably keep these boots for the rest of your life.They are made of the highest grade materials and are truly built to last as long as a boot can last . They take a bit to break in but form to your feet in about two weeks -LRB- constant , everyday wear or a LOT longer if you just wear them on hiking excursions -RRB- until they feel like they were custom made from a mold of your feet . The loose parts tighten around your feet , the tight parts loosen up . They are NOT comfortable when you first put them on -LRB- unless they just happen to fit right out of the box -RRB- but will be after taking the long time to break them in properly . Remember that these boots are old school craftsmanship - we are a society accustomed to instant gratification and you wo n't find that in a boot like this . When I was young , any high quality shoe took time to break in so it does n't bother me . Many shoes today do n't even last as long as it takes to break in a great pair.Make sure you put the laces through the tiny slits in the tounge or it will slide off sideways . It takes some doing to get it through . The tounge design is bulky and you 'll need to take some care while breaking in to get it to set in a way that is comfortable to you . If you just tighten the laces and go , you may end up with a bunch of leather in an uncomfortable position . If you set it right for your feet , it will quickly gain a memory of that position and fall into place every time.The heel is wide and takes time to form - thick wicking socks are a must for these boots espescially at first or your heel will slide around . The moisture from your feet eventually shrinks them into fit but that 's the part that takes the longest.These boots are not for everyone . They are somewhat expensive up-front and take time to become truly your boots . If you want instant comfort , be prepared to buy new boots every year or two . If you are willing to break in a pair of these , they will be comfortable for many , many years .
 These are just the best hiking boots out there in my opinion . Extremely well made in the USA , short break-in period and last for years . Sure , they 're a bit more expensive than the Chinese sweatshop boots , but they are bombproof & supremely comfortable . I think they have made this style for many years as they are a classic that never goes out of style !
 This is my 2nd pair of Danner hiking boots . . It takes a little walking to get them broke in . . The rub on the ankle will go away in no time !! The 1st pair are 15 years old and i will keep them for yard work , ect . . I am sure this pair will last just as long for casual wear and light hiking/walks . . Spend a little extra for U.S.A. made quality and these boots will be with you for a very , very long time . .
 great shoes ... are very reliable . though after say 3 years of daily use , the fronts will start to come un glued and thus forcing you to buy new ones ... other than that a great looking , feeling shoe .
 The product was delivered in two days ' time , just as described . The shoes are comfortable and durable , I was very happy to find a pair for so cheap . The seller is very reliable !
 I love this style of shoe ! I 've had them in sooo many different colors . After the injuries I have had to my feet these are very comfortable shoes . Ill buy them again ... no doubt
 Was looking for adidas superstar shoes , but could n't find them anywhere ! However , I found them on amazon.com ! They were at a great price and I got them fast ! I am very happy !
 Love this shoe . I will order my next shoe a half size bigger because it fit just a tad bit snug .
 I have very wide feet and have been looking for a good , wide basketball shoe for a long time . I think I have finally found them ! The shoes are very comfortable and well-made . It is nice to not have sore/numb feet after player for a couple hours !
 He said that the shoes fit - to that means that Amazon was right in the sizing . He liked them a lot - he said that they were comfy and light.Thank you - from me - Amazon for the comfortable price of $ 29.00 . Very nice!And He says thank you - To Amazon for coming through with this miricle shoe .
 I had previously owned a pair of these shoes , same size and color , and I really wanted another pair . No store that I went to carried them anymore so I decided to check online . I checked a couple shoe stores online along with ebay and amazon.com and amazon.com had the best price . The item came exactly as I ordered and very early shipping , an all around good shopping experience .
 Love this shoe . It 's perfect for comfort wearing , looking good or sports . THE PERFECT SHOE , YO !
 I originally got my first pair of this shoe at Sears like 5 years ago , and they rocked , lightweight , easy to clean , comfy . But then I moved overseas to my next assignment , and I forgot them at my parents house ! And guess what my Dad gave them to Salvation Army , so now here I am reunited with the best shoes in the world I think . Thank god I found them on Amazon ! Someone out there maybe still got a free pair of great shoes for free : - P
 I bought this shoe knowing the reputation of its close cousin , the Superstar II . So I went around and tried out both models , and though I knew that the originals looked a lot better , the Superstar 2G is altogether a more comfortable shoe . So there 's the distinction ! Superstar II for the look , 2G for practicality.The rubber shell toe is definitely an interesting feature , since I 've never worn anything like it before . The problem is it scuffs easily , think pencil eraser that does n't slough off . The great thing is though that the shell on the 2G is streamlined ; get out a toothbrush/toothpaste and it 's clean . You 'll have to do this every two weeks or so though to keep it looking decent . OTOH the Superstar II 's shell has a deeper crosshatch pattern , so I 'm not sure if it would be as easy to clean.The silver stripes on the side are actually silvered threads that are woven perpendicular to the overall axis of the stripes . Occasionally things can get stuck , and on my particular pair the stripes CREASE when I walk ! Probably not very noticeable but anyway you might want to know.Weightwise this shoe is tremendously LIGHT . Also , since the tongue is hard and thick , you could easily walk around with the laces untied and tucked . It might feel tight at first up top but just keep the laces loose until the shoe gives.Overall I 've never been as happy about any pair for a long time ! I love these shoes . If you have to pick a more fashionable shoe though , you might want to take a harder look at the classics .
 Bought several pairs of this shoes and I have always been very satisfied . They are comfortable , durable , and well-priced .
 I have worn the Adidas Supertar 2G shoe for working-out and walking -LRB- never for playing Basketball -RRB- for over 20 years . When this pair wears out , I 'll be hard pressed to find a suitable replacement . Excellent form , fit and function . Too bad it has been discontinued !
 I had the originals back in grammar school in 1969 & always loved them.I have gained weight in the ensuing years & needed a very supportive shoe , so I looked into these again.This is a great shoe with lots of support for very overweight people , & highly recommended for them .
 Very happy w/the product , shipped right away , fits true to size .
 So I got them out , I said , `` Wow , these are light-weight ! '' I liked them , I really did . Well , I took them for a walk . It was sunny winter day , birds heading south , cool winds whirling around my head , a great scene for a brisk walk down to the local university and back . A take a few steps and think , ` these are quite comfy . ' I smile , another great purchase . I look down . I blink . I look down again to my amazement . The white leather uppers have started to change colors ! A darker red at the seams and a lighter pink on the surface of the leather . I continue my walk . A pink storm begins to overwhelm my white beauties ! Now , I 'm not worried about it , you know , I can handle pink , but deep down inside , I really wanted them to be white . I finish my walk , my macho-ness slightly tainted , re-enter my home , take of my pink three-striped wonders , and set them down to think . They changed back ! They are white again . Twas the sun that made them pink . The end.Anyway , has this happened to anyone else ??? Just wondering . Nice shoes , just kind of a strange surprise . Color-changing leather . . what will they come up with next . .
 I was 16 when I -LRB- or more accurately my mom -RRB- purchased my first pair of Superstar 2g 's . I immediately fell in love with the comfort and durability of this shoe . I 'm an avid tennis player and have been using these shoes when I play for the past 10 years . I have no complaints about them . The thick outsole and `` seashell toe '' or whatever it 's called are perfect on court wear.I typically go through one pair a year . The tread on the sole seems to be the first thing that wears down . Other than that , the rest of the shoe , even after lots of miles , still holds up well.For the price , I submit that one can not find a basketball or tennis shoe of better quality .
 It was so fast , i 'm so happy whith my shoes , all was correct size and color . i recomend this seller .
 I like the shoes and buy them because of this reason . I still feel the pricing of Adidas clothes and shoes out of line .
 I use these shoes for working out and playing basketball . They are pretty much perfect . Very snug fit and very comfortable .
 As a waiter , I 'm on my feet all day . Before I bought these shoes , my legs , knees , and hips , would hurt after a long day at work . Now that soreness is entirely gone . I 've worn these rugged shoes to work for 8 months and they are still comfy and are not yet worn out . They are a good alternative to Danskos if you want a shoe that offers more stability and will not fall off your feet .
 I have extremely wide and high feet , and I have a hard time finding shoes that fit . These shoes are extremely comfortable , and since they are all leather and pretty good looking , I feel comfortable wearing them to my business casual workplace . I 've had this pair about a month and they seem to be wearing well . Also , people have approached me and commented , `` Are those Keen shoes ? I love Keens . They 're so comfortable . '' -- I guess I 'm not the only one who enjoys them .
 I have this shoe for over a month now , this is the most comfortable shoe i 've ever put my feet in . It 's stylish , the craftsmanship is superb . It is just a wonderful shoe . When you put your feet inside the shoe , it is as if the leather gently massages your foot . It is great . I dont regret buying this shoe .
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 This is a nice comfortable shoe . I wear this shoe on the weekend when I am walking a lot . I would purchase this shoe again if they had any available . I like the way it feels and looks good on my foot .
 These are great leather shoes . THey are one of the few shoes that are wide enough to fit both my foot and my orthotics ! Since they are leather they have some stretch , and clean very well . They look good with both dress pants and jeans . Highly recommend in ALL colors !
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 Well , ten dollar shoes . Great price . I love how everyone is complaining about how they are 1 size smaller than what they say.Actually you 're WRONG . Asics is a company based in Kobe . If you looked at the seller 's size charts , you would have clearly seen the international size chart.So it was more of your error for not selecting the correct size . So please , do n't complain about the Flat . These reviews are about the QUALITY of the item ... not about how it was n't what you ordered . They gave you exactly what you wanted.So people , look at the size chart . < 3
 , . RECOMMENDED ... . QUALITY AND DESIGN ... VERY GOOD PRICE IN SALE ... VERY GOOD PRODUCT ... RECOMMENDED ... . QUALITY AND DESIGN ... VERY GOOD PRICE IN SALE ... VERY GOOD PRODUCT ... RECOMMENDED . .
 I ordered these for my daughter , she has wide and flat feet , so I was a little worried about the sizing but they were perfect!I recommend ordering a size to a size and a half larger than your normal size .
 Great shoes ! My daughter is not a beginner , but they lasted as long as the more expensive shoes . After trying we bought several more of those .
 purchased this item for my 11 year old just starting in point class , excellent quality very helpful on the phone .
 This is a great pointe shoe for the price . The fit chart was very accurate , making it much easier to order online . I saved over $ 25 buying online with free shipping . The only problem we have with this shoe is it 's durability . As my daughter 's pointe skills improved and her workouts intensified , these shoes failed to hold up for more than 3 months , approximately 14 classes . That can get expensive . However , we 've not found another shoe that holds up better AND fits and feels so well on her feet . These are really easy for her to break in and do n't leave blisters or in-grown toenails . Other brands we 've tried have hurt her feet . We purchased the Capezio `` ballet pink '' ribbon in 3 yard length which matches these shoes perfectly . I also found some Gaynor Minden elastic in the same color that also matches these shoes and the ribbon , all purchased from Amazon . See my reviews for these products .
 These have been the best pointe shoes for my daughter . She has a slightly wide foot with bunions and the wider box fits her perfect . Please note all pointe shoes should be fitted professionally and nobody should ever be on pointe unless your dancer teacher tells you that you are ready and please make use your school has qualified professional teachers . Starting pointe work too young can cause serious problems .
 My 2 year old daughter is just starting dance and these shoes are perfect for her . She thinks that she is just it with her new shoes . The fit is great.I found these shoes originally on Amazon , however I actually ordered then from Discount Dance Supply . The shoes are the smae price however the shipping was 1/2 the price . The service from them was fantastic . Within 2 hours of placing my order , it was shipped and I received my order within 5 days . www.discountdancesupply.com
 Posting this to counter-balance the pointless one star review . My daughter has used these slippers for years and they hold up well to the rigours of her dance classes . The price is very keen too.We find the sizes to be pretty accurate too
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 I bought they shoes to wear on my wedding day , and they are very comfy . They are very lovely once you see them in person . They fit , but pinch a little by my pinky toe -LRB- only on my right foot , which is larger -RRB- , so they need breaking in . I do not have wide feet , but I could see them being a problem for people who do . They run true to size .
 I would suggest buying your ` normal ' size . And these tend to be narrow so if you have wide feet you might not want to bother , or go up a size .
 The shoe is very nice , but unfortunately Dr. Scholl 's tend to run a bit small , especially if you have wide feet . Despite the shoe I ordered being too snug , I could tell that they were comfortable when you get the right size - there 's a nice gel sole built into the shoe . My only other complaint is that the shoe looked more like it had a cloth fabric on the outside when in fact it 's just a hard shoe that 's actually quite glossy .
 These shoes are not only very pretty in person , but they are sooooo comfy !! The soles are very flexible and the padding makes them a dream to wear . I was concerned about the size because I do n't typically buy shoes or clothes online and I like to try things on before I get them . I got an 8 , and I wear a 7.5 or and 8 depending on the shoe . They fit just fine . The color is a little darker than it looks in the picture .
 Not my first nor will it be my last Whiting and Davis purse . They are classic - and this little evening bag is no exception . Great looks , and just enough capacity for a CC or two , ID , lipstick and compact . Better have small set of keys to toss in there tho ! -LRB- LOL ! -RRB- Sweet little bag - perfect for a nite on the town dancing or New Year 's eve .
 This little bag is beautiful , so simple it will go with any outfit and add some sparkle . It has room for a phone and keys , without being packed tight . I like the cross body style in a formal bag , for holiday parties where I might be handed a beverage and an appetizer . - Christine J W
 This bag was purchased to accompany me to my daughter 's wedding . I just wanted to be able to carry a few small items including my cell phone , and be able to hang it over my shoulder & forget about it . This bag did more than that - it enhanced my outfit . Love it !
 This is such a cute , fun purse ! I have bought several for gifts and my girlfriends have all loved it . You can carry this to jazz up jeans or wear it to something fairly formal . The picture makes it look a little `` disco '' and it does have a slight retro look with the snake type shoulder strap , but overall I think it 's a very classy , fun and versatile bag .
 Excellent quality mesh . The rope strap prevents snags . Perfect for jeans or a dressy occasion . Has an interior side pouch for slipping in your ID & card .
 Top grain leather , ergonomic design , very well made shoes . Made by New Balance , great quality . I highly recommend these . Probably best outdoor shoes ever made .
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 I love this shoe ! Even though I can really only wear them with jeans and feel secure . It can really dress that look up alot .
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 Recieved this from the east coast in about a week after ordering , so no issues with the seller . Can opens up with a twist of the turn dial , and I used a regular hand rag to apply to shoes after applying generously to rag . I used plenty of elbow grease and rubbed it in all over shoe . After I was done it looked like I just brought them home from the shoe store . Looks like new , but as with any shoe polish it depends on what kind of work or walk environment as to how long the polish will last , but I did n't use that much so there is plenty to go around for the low price I paid . I have never used any other shoe polish before so I do n't have anything to compare it to otherwise I would have given it 5 stars . Would recommend though for sure .
 Used this on my brown leather dress shoes and it brought life back to them . Works well and easy to apply .
 A good polish for the color brown shoes I have . Spreads smoothly and evenly a good value for the money and I did n't have to go to Wally World to get it
 Kinda impossible to go wrong with Kiwi Brown . It 's been around forever and it just does what it 's supposed to do . Definitely recommend . Great packaging design , too .
 I bought this to use on brown cowboy boots , and a pair of dr. martins . Worked great on both , neither one look as old as they really are .
 I have been using Kiwi shoe polish for many years and have never been disappointed in it . It applies easily and evenly and without too much effort can be brushed into an excellent shine . It 's thick enough to nicely fill in little nicks in your shoe leather . The third-party seller delivered it to me promptly , although this observation may not be of too much value to you because you may be buying from a different seller .
 It worked great and came quick . It is not old like I thought it would be , except it had a hole in the middle - maybe it was suppose to come that way because it had a sticker over the whole ?
 I have n't used this one I bought from Amazon yet , but I always buy Kiwi for my shoes . I found this one for a great price so I had to get it .
 My daughter in law loves these shoes . They are soft , made very well and look great on .
 I really like these shoes . They are very flexible and go on very easily . There are too many shoes out there that have hard soles for infants and are difficult to put on . Not these ! Not to mention , these shoes are absolutely adorable !
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 This shoe is a perfect shoe for anyone , especially if you want comfort and protection from the pavement . It can be used with orthotics , I understand . I only wish there were more colors ! It is easy to slip into and very comfortable .
 I just purchased my second pair of these shoes , after completely wearing out the first pair . They 're comfy , fast to slip on and off , and I can even walk the dog around the block without my feet tiring . Overall , a good shoe .
 I can wear these shoes with a sport outfit or elegant one . They are perfect for any situation .
 Very pleased with these ! I have a hard time finding comfortable fitting shoes that do n't squish my toes in the width , and these work very well for me . My feet are ` slightly ' wide . They are very comfortable and the insole is velvety soft so your feet wo n't get sweaty . Feels like a slipper . I got tan but I would describe them as more of a light brown with a slight reddish tint . Very nice though , with a two-tone look . I 'm happy with them and am thinking about purchasing in another color as well .
 This particular shoe fits me like a glove . I do have a wider foot and appreciate a shoe that can accommodate that . I am disappointed that Clarks Artisan shoes are seeming to eliminate the shoe from the collection.This shoe is ultra comfortable from the first try , providing you get the correct size . The shoe bed has distinctive inner sole . The arches may initially stand out as odd , but I found them super comfortable on the first wear . -LRB- There are `` balancing '' arches in the inner sole . -RRB- Great shoes all around . Now , I am wondering if I should order other oolors !
 Great looking shoe and very comfortable . A bit on the large side for Clark but not and issue .
 These shoes run just a little big , which makes them fit me perfectly . Very comfortable !
 Great ballet slippers for the price . No one wants to spend a fortune on a little kid 's ballet shoes , but you want their little feet to be comfortable . Good buy and they fit well . If you are wondering , these ballet slippers are true to street shoe sizing -LRB- not all are -RRB- . All leather , suade bottoms , with cloth interior lining and ties that adjust to their little feet .
 These boots are the only ones my husband will own . He 's on his third pair . He wears them at least five days a week and wears them until they are coming apart . They last him roughly two years . Great value !
 These boots are the only ones my husband will own . He 's on his third pair . He wears them at least five days a week and wears them until they are coming apart . They last him roughly two years . Great value !
 This is the second pair of these I have purchased . It is a neat looking and very comfortable choice . It is a great shoe if you are on your feet a lot . Purchased my first pair at a retail store , and , when I found them so favorable , I immediately looked for them on Amazon .
 Grasshopper Jensen 's are my favorite ` comfy ' shoes . I like the leather styles -LRB- those are called smooth -RRB- and also the twill/canvas , which breathe more than the leather . I have several different pair , and have also purchased these as gifts .
 When I put them on , they were comfortable and fit well from thebeginning , I like them a lot . They also look good on the footand feel good . I wear them quite a bit .
 I bought these to replace a pair of flat Keds . Although I could n't find the exact shoe again , these are attractive and comfortable . I would buy them again .
 These Grasshoppers are an identical replacement for a pair I have worn to shreds and could n't bear to part with as they are comfortable and durable and fit well . They were hard to find and I was delighted to find them on Amazon.com . My purchase went smoothly and the order arrived as promised.Roz
 This shoe lives up to the Grasshopper name . Comfortable and washes well . It is true to size and cool on your feet .
 These are the best slip-on sneakers I have ever owned . So comfortable , true to size and easy to put on . I have washed them in the washing machine and they came out great . I would not hesitate to buy another pair . I highly recommend them .
 I love these shoes ! You will too!PRO 'S : - The leather is so soft and comfortable . - The inside soles of the shoes are like gel pillows - so comfortable . - The color is actually prettier than it appears in the picture . - True to the size they say . I ordered a size 6 , my normal size , and they fit perfect.CON 'S : - Ca n't think of any . - Of course a cheaper price would always be better , but I paid $ 34.95 and they are well worth every penny!If you want comfort and a simple , clean looking style - these are for you ! They look great with shorts , jeans , or casual pants .
 Ever since I purchased my first pair of this style shoe , I have gotten them in several colors , and this is a replacement of my last pair in this color . Great comfort - walk all day - lasting quality . Price wise , I find Amazon has the best deals of all the websites I have visited when choosing Grasshopper shoes .
 She loves Grasshoppers , and she just loves these ! She says they are very comfortable and last forever . She has been buying Grasshoppers for many years and says there is nothing out there like them !
 These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased . They are great to wear to work and great to walk in . I am buying more shoes from Grasshoppers , forget Rockport and Easy Spirit .
 Very satisfied-very long wearing-comfortable shoe-have worn Grasshopper shoes-many styles the last three year-will continue buying them .
 Product line is favorable ... prices fair ... I ahd a pair just like this 3 years it lasted ... then the inside collapsed at the heal ... into the trash they went ... was happy to find them again ...
 These are the only shoes my mom can wear comfortably . Great product and good price . Have ordered other colors for her
 I 've worn Grasshoppers for years ! Always keep 3 colors on hand . When they finally wear out , they make great yard shoes .
 I purchased a pair of these shoes while on vacation in Virginia some eight years ago or so . I loved them ; however , they finally just wore out . I searched for an identical pair and found them here on Amazon . These are identical to my original pair and I love them !
 The shoe runs very slightly longer and a smidge wider than my other grasshoppers and must be worn with socks . However , it is very comfortable and the slightly higher heel makes walking easier . These will be my favorite shoe for the fall and I wish they still made them but in other colors . The fact that these only come in 11M indicates to me that they are no longer making them and these were the left overs maybe .
 I love these shoes . I am so pleased that I will be ordering another pair because they are so difficult to find . I want to make sure I have a pair when the pair I have wears out.Thank-you , Kathleen morin
 These shoes are very well made and one of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned . I plan to purchase another pair in another color .
 Received the shoes sooner than expected . Will do business with you again . Thanks .
 I already own a pair of grasshopper slipon shoes . I wanted a new pair and you had them in black and my shoe size . They came very promptly and they fit perfectly . They are really comfortable plus they slip on .
 Purchased for my 84 year old Mother since she has foot/arch problems.She loves them . She had same style but , wanted in the black leather .
 The first time I tried a pair of the Grasshoppers jensen leather shoes -LRB- slip-on -RRB- my feet fell in love with it ... I left the store with the shoes on and since then on any other pair of shoes I wear do n't feel as confortable . I wear my Grasshoppers everyday -LRB- this is my fifth pair -RRB- . I wear them to go to work , on my days off to go to the supermarket or shopping , when I go on vacation and lately even on some social ocasions . I just wish they would come on some other colors to match different outfits . Here is my suggestion
 This is my second pair of these shoes - they wear very well , are extremely comfortable and look good . I love them !
 This is the most comfortable shoe that I 've worn in years.I also have this shoe in white and beige and so glad to have found it in the color black . I hope it is never discontinued . The soft leather is amazing.I 'm very satisfied and thank you so much .
 Love Love Love these shoes , they are the most comfortable shoes in the world and I mean that . I am so happy with these shoes I will most certainly buy more pairs , just as some others have voiced . You can wear these shoes all day and your feet will be comfortable all day and night , they are fully padded inside and the vamps are higher also which gives you a lift especially if you are short like I am . They feature a good quality canvas upper and quality stitching all around . I am currently wearing them just around my home as house shoes , sometimes I even forget I am wearing them because they are so comfortable that I accidently wear them outside , that 's how comfortable Grasshoppers are . In my opinion these shoes should be renouned for comfort . Believe I will continue to purchase these shoes as long as they make them . I recommend these shoes to everyone who is seeking a quality made most comfortable shoe . And a big plus they even supply you with a shipping label with your order , that 's the sign of a confident manufacturer . Added to my review this is a update to my last review , these Grasshopper Jensens slip on shoes is that they did not last as long as I thought or expected to last it is now a year later and their are signs of wear these shoes were only worn inside my home and never worn outside my home , this latest update will not deter me from purchasing these most comfortable shoes however it will be a disappointment as far as how long they last , this is the only disappointment I have with this brand .
 I bought these on sale just to try out . I use them as a work shoe and a walking shoe . They are very comfortable and durable . They are also easy to slip on . If you get a chance buy them and try out .
 I just received my first pair and they were not true to size -LRB- 9 1/2 -RRB- so I have to return them and get larger size . Beware .
 They have changed inside of the shoe since the last time I purchased it.It has more padding and is more comfortable . I have worn out several pairs of this style .
 I 'm pretty satisfied with these shoes . They run true to size and are very comfortable . They had limited colors and I bought `` bone '' . The color is all right and I 'm was able to wear them when the season changed . They are not made of leather and that 's why they lost a star .
 The shoes are WONDERFUL ! They fit perfectly and feel great on the feet . I 'm sure my wife will be ordering more of them in the future .
 I wore these sandals from 7 am to 7 pm at a trade show - walked a million square feet in them ! They looked good and felt good all day . If they passed that test , a regular old day in the office will be no problem !
 Naturalizer Perth Slingback is a great shoe , very comfortable , the right height and the color was perfect .
 I love my Naturalizer Perth sandals so much that after I got them in white , I started searching everywher for more in other colors . I now have three pair of these , and they are the most comfortable shoe I own .
 These are my `` go to '' strappy shoes . For a quick trip to the store or a night out , I toss these on with anything and everything . The color is almost a neutral/nude , like a warm birch hue maybe . Because of this , they go with everything . I wear mine with skirts , dresses , jeans , ... I even wore them with a silk party dress for an evening wedding . They are as comfortable as tall platform strappy sandals could be . The platform itself is wood and natural . In the other colors , the wood is tinted slightly as to coordinate with the leather . I have them in red as well and it makes for a good combination .
 These boots are the only ones my husband will own . He 's on his third pair . He wears them at least five days a week and wears them until they are coming apart . They last him roughly two years . Great value !
 These boots are the only ones my husband will own . He 's on his third pair . He wears them at least five days a week and wears them until they are coming apart . They last him roughly two years . Great value !
 These boots are the only ones my husband will own . He 's on his third pair . He wears them at least five days a week and wears them until they are coming apart . They last him roughly two years . Great value !
 Used these on some cleats . Length is true to description ... color is slightly more orange than burnt orange -LRB- not safety orange , though ! -RRB-
 I 've used them for a while now and they stand more than i expected them to last . I used them on my basketball shoes and they have lasted way longer than expected
 These laces are 54 '' and if you ask the seller , there is a chart on the back of the package that will tell you what size you need . These were the perfect size for my women 's 8.5 running shoes . It 's a beautiful orange , not a neon color . Pure orange that is a little deep . They add some brilliant color to my shoes ! I would recommend this product to anyone who loves orange and would like to make their tennies a little more colorful ! Great price and fast shipping , great quality ! Thanks , Tiff
 These boots are the only ones my husband will own . He 's on his third pair . He wears them at least five days a week and wears them until they are coming apart . They last him roughly two years . Great value !
 good est of boots , i dont think you need to spend the extra money on the pulse thing , but kangaroo leather would be nice .
 I greatly thank Discount Dance Supply for their wonderful products at wonderful prices . The shoes we ordered are great for our beginning dancer !
 I love these shoes . They looked good on the website and even better in person and on my feet . Many people in my office have commented favourably on them and I just love them : -RRB-
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 These boots are the only ones my husband will own . He 's on his third pair . He wears them at least five days a week and wears them until they are coming apart . They last him roughly two years . Great value !
 They are shoe laces and they are yellow . If you need yellow shoe laces , these will do the trick . I used them in conjunction with a pair of Adidas I also bought on amazon in order to replicate a pair of Zissou shoes from the movie Life Aquatic .
 If you want yellow laces then you 've come to the right place . These are by far the most yellowest laces I 've had in awhile .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 These shoes are light , comfortable and provide good support . They are perfect for walking and staying on your feet most of the day . I have two pair !
 Love the tennis , very good service , exactly wat i expected and my husband is very happy with his gift !!!
 I like the design , but the bottom was kind of weird . They feel kind of strange walking around in them , but I 'm not sure if that 's just because I have yet to break them in , or because the design inherent in the shoe is messed up . You have to do up the laces all the way up the shoe 's tongue yourself .
 The folks at New Balance seem to have me in mind when they made these . There Comfy , functional , & Stylin .
 Great price , got here super fast , exactly what I expected , the product is awesome , and I 'm wearing these right now .
 These shoes are incredibly comfortable . One of the few shoes I 've ever purchased that I can stand in them all day , and not complain about my feet hurting . It was a great buy , and the quality is excellent . Highly recommended .
 Having reviewed numerous other styles of ` casual ' type sneakers , I opted to go with several pairs of this New Balance style , in different colors . But I particularly favor this particular Navy / Grey color style . Stylish and comfortable , I have n't any complaints after wearing these for several weeks now -LRB- and I 've even ordered a second pair of this color scheme -RRB- .
 It 's very good product . It 's not too confortable like the other brands . So , if you spent a little more bucks , you can buy one better product .
 I have owned various pairs of this model shoe over the last 8 years . Every year or so I 'll just buy another pair ... they are the perfect shoe for jeans , shorts , or khakis.Frat-tastic !!
 I would rate that shoes more than 5 stars.It is extra light.Very comfortable for walking.Excellent value for the money.I have paid 250 $ for New Balance Men 's MR2002 Training Shoe & it is less comfortable than 50 $ shoes !!
 Great buy pluss good confure , worth the money.And great look for casual dressing , they feel like walking on air.I recommend this foot ware to any one that like to feel there feet in confert . Worth the money .
 The men 's New Balance 574 has been around for many years . It 's a ` retro ' style in that it 's based on an older style and comes in MANY different color combinations for the fashion-forward thinkers out there . They look vastly different than the current crop of ` minamalist ' running shoes every shoe manufacturer is producing.Fashion aside , the New Balance 574 is actually a pretty decent running shoe . I 've had them before many times over and they fit the shape of my foot perfectly . I do , in fact , use them for actual running . I put about 5-10 miles a week on them and they are durable , supportive , and well-cushioned . They are , however , based on ` old-shoe ' technology and I 've added Superfeet green insoles now that I 've gotten older -LRB- see my review here on Superfeet for more information -RRB- . In all fairness , most running shoes - even the high-dollar , current crop - have very poor insoles in them from the factory . The reason I 've been told is because there 's little ` shelf-appeal ' with an insole ! The only shoe I 've found lately that does n't need any help is the New Balance 990-series . Those shoes , however , are now in the $ 140-150 range and out of my budget.Try on a New Balance 574 the next time you 're in a shoe store . Yeah ... they may be marketed as a ` fashion ' shoe now , but they are actual RUNNING shoes from a day when running shoes were meant to do one thing well - perform!Jae
 I 've been looking for that color a long time . I was about to custom make them from sears which they can personalize them on line . Very happy with the sneaker . Still looks good after having them twenty years ago
 I have another pair of 574 's that I now wear for dirty work because I 've worn them to death , and I have this pair for normal things . They are very comfortable shoes , and they go well with everything
 Got these for a family member for a gift and they are nice colors and seems to be nice shoes .
 These New Balance are the most comfortable shoe I have ever encountered . It is the only shoe that I can walk in for hours and my feet still do not hurt . You will not regret buying these shoes !!!!
 Ca n't go wrong with the New Balance M574 . These look awesome . True to size , well made , just a great shoe !!!
 The shoes were exactly what I wanted , correct size and fit perfectly . They were shipped promptly , arrived at the correct location etc. .
 I have been wearing these shoes for almost a decade now . I am now on my 4th pair now . I simply can not find any other shoes that are as lightweight and comfortable . Their style goes with just about anything and they are very affordable . I love my 574 's !
 Looked in all the stores and could not find these shoes . Should have started with Amazon first as this site has never let me down .
 Been using my pair for 2 years now . They are durable and quite comfortable . What I love about New Balance is that they are available in many widths , mine is 4E . It is almost impossible for me to find a pair in shopping malls . This one fits perfectly . I think the price is not too steep compared to other brands.It is my everyday shoes for work and recreation . It is described as walking shoes but I also use it for some light jogging & tennis . Nice minimalistic simple design . Leather is supple ... and yes , the biggest reason I bought it is velcro .
 I got my first pair about 3 years ago . This shoes is probably the most comfortable and durable model , I think I have ever come across . The style is so versatile that with just a simple color change it looks like a completely different shoe . Perfect for long distance running , although I do have to agree with a previous reviewer in the fact that the only think that needs to be fixed is the tread which wear a little thin . But the shoe is so perfectly designed that the tread really does not affect your running.Awesome shoe !
 Nice solid old school looking shoe . Not as comfortable as a lot of athletic shoes I own , but not bad either .
 nice looking shoes for a very low price , very smooth and the blue is intense
 I used to be a sneaker salesman , and this is one of the more comfortable causal sneakers out there . I had a few pairs that lasted many years before having to buy a new pair . Also tends to look better as it gets a little dirtier ... if that makes any sense .
 I ca n't really judge the answering machine since I have not yet had the time to install it . It looks OK .
 I bought these shoes at full MSRP $ 49.99 at New Balance Shoes . From the moment I tried these shoes on my knee stopped hurting and even better because I have been wearing them for a year now and my knee trouble is totally gone . The only weakness I could find in the shoe was that the color fades a bit when you wear the shoes in the rain .
 these shoe 's are so comfortable . had another pair but , wanted the grey color option . walk a lot around the city & my calves ache
 NB is the only sneaker I will buy . Love the look of this one and it is very confortable . Great colors too .
 My son sent me his list from the University of Florida and these were on them / he opened and put them on Christmas day and they r a perfect fit - thanks !
 This New Balance is very comfortable and looks great ! the 574 it 's one of the coolest NB on the market
 Man when I walk around in these , I look so fresh and so clean I have to beat the ladies off me ! Half might be the shoes half might be my incredibly large shlong !
 These are the best sneakers I have owned . They came quickly and in excellent condition . I followed a reviewer 's recommendation and ordered them a half size larger and they fit perfectly .
 I have several pair of New Balance shoes that I wear when running . When I saw the 574 line , I thought that the shoes would be great to wear to work . When I got the shoes , I was a little surprised that the back of the shoes were reflective , but otherwise the shoes were exactly what I expected . They are typically comfortable for NB shoes . I stepped right in and had no issues . I would have liked them better without the reflective surfaces and the big &#34; N &#34; on the side -LRB- after all , I am wearing them to work -RRB- , but I do like them and will be wearing the to work . I typically put in a lot of walking time at work , so I have to have comfortable shoes and I really can not get away with the typical sneaker look . So these shoes should work well for me .
 This was my first New Balance shoe ever . I 've seen people wear New Balance brands so I decided to try it . This shoe is VERY comfortable , cushioned , and make great for street walking . I am not very active and normally wear sandals or dress shoes so perhaps this is why they are comfortable . I have not worn athletic shoes in years . I am definitely going to buy New Balance in the future . I like the look of this shoe and the look of their other shoes .
 Great color to add to the collection . Own roughly 15 different pairs of New Balance 574s , currently . Have received many comments on the color from people . Make sure to spray with water proof/stain resistance before wearing to ensure long dirt free life . Would recommend to anyone looking for a colorful sneaker . Order a half size larger than you would normally wear as the shoe seems to run small .
 These shoes are the awesomest shoes ever ... had mine for three years and plan to replace them with the exact same shoes . For a guy with big feet these were comfortable from the baginning and now feel like a second pair of really comfortable socks .
 While I enjoy my 574 's , and I plan to buymore pairs , they are not made in theUSA as a previous reviewer indicated . My574 's say `` Made in China '' on the tongue .
 I must say that a large part of the glowing review I 'm about to give is due to the color of my shoes , which , incidentally , is not shown among the dozen or so variants available here . My pair of 574 's are mostly black , with light grey `` N '' logos stitched on , a white strip above the sole , white portions by the top lace eyelets , and a PALE YELLOW rear `` kick guard '' or whatever you 'd like the call the plastic strip on the back . This particular combo looks killer , and I do n't see it here.But I digress ... Typically , when one goes to buy a casual sneaker , they have two things in mind
 I love my 574 's . Got the black and silver with the dark gray foam about a year ago -LRB- my 3rd pair -RRB- , and walked all over Mexico in them . They 've stood up really well , and have aged really well too . Prices seem to fluctuate a lot on them , but whatever you end up paying , they 're pretty much worth it . I like darker colors because of their versatility , and their durability , and if you can avoid the white foam I highly advise it because the dirtier your shoes get , the worse they look . An who wants to pay good money to look a shambles ?
 I got these sneakers for my husband after months of searching in stores . New Balance must not make them too much anymore . Anyway , our entire family owned a pair at one point and we must say it is by far the most comfortable , lightweight sneakers we have ever worn . Considering the price and comfort it is an excellent deal .
 These shoes are really comfortable - so much so that I decided to stop wearing skateboard shoes altogether and just walk and skate in these .
 I have run for years in the 990 's . It was time to switch to a shoe that would fit an &#34; everyday &#34; lifestyle . I was first fitted @ a NewBalance store -LRB- which I HIGHLY recommend -RRB- . They determined that I had a wider foot -LRB- aka . &#34; D &#34; -RRB- and also noted that instead of me buying my regular 10.5 ... I would be better suited for an 11 . So I purchased an 11D . I am happy to report that I was pleasantly surprised with a great fit and comfort that rivals the 990 's . If you need to take a break from a running shoe ... these are a must for people with wider feet and need room in the front.Also , Amazon handled the delivery with high marks -LRB- under 2 days -RRB- ! Well done NB , Amazon , and the NB shoe store !
 These are them . Everyone wants them . They blew up this year and everyone is getting special colors , but the real deal are the gray suede .
 I love these shoes and will continue to order these wide shoes and I absolutely love these comfortable shoes . They are also long lasting and durable for all occassions .
 This shoe has many positive features . First it is reasonably priced and attractive . It also is comfortable , lightweight and sizing is accurate.I think it is superior to much more expensive Nike sneakers that I have . Nikes are somewhat lighter but do not have the support that this shoe provides . I am on my feet several hours a day coaching basketball and these shoes are great . With Nikes my feet are tired and sore.I plan on buying at least one more pair of these New Balance sneakers.Great shoe , great value . Highly recommended .
 Perfect condition , but just a little thing.I Selected the Black ones -LRB- which have the black and silver picture -RRB- but came whole black . Please refresh the pictures of the black selection to avoid future mistakes.Thanks : -RRB-
 Shoes were fantastic , got to me quickly , and exactly as Amazon promised . The only thing I added to them were some SuperFeet insoles , which you can also buy on Amazon . These should be fit to you by a foot specialist to determine your exact foot type .
 My son is very happy with this shoe ! Very comfortable for getting around campus . The style seems to work with any casual wear .
 These shoes are light weight for runnung or in my case work and seems to be built pretty sturdy . One caution is these shoes are not that good on wet surfaces and ice Im sure . you slide pretty easy
 Have had these for three years now , and they have been great the whole time . I wear them almost daily . They are so comfortable !!! Definitely going to New Balance for my other needs as well .
 Do n't trust anyone who says these shoes are not made for running , They are either not a real runner or too young to know what they are speaking of . These are classic New Balance shoes simply styled after the days when long distance running in the western world was at its apex The 70s-early 90s . The reason they may be marketed as `` sneakers '' is simple . Todays rage is minnimalist running which in plain terms is as close to bare foot as you can get . Having tried this after running extensively for over 30 years I can assure you this is for the most part a fad that will result in far more injuries that P.R.s. Companies will always try to market the newest rage as `` the best '' at least until the next rage comes along!Ask youreself if you owned New Balance and could market running shoes for 200 dollars would you rather hype that or 60 dollar shoes that arent as high tech . It doesnt mean they do n't work , just not as trendy . I examined this shoe thoroughly and there is no reason it could not be used to run up to several miles per day . If you run more than that and like classic styling I would bump up to a 990 but the price is much steeper . This shoe is modeled after the classic NB 770 The highest tech running shoe of the late 80s a shoe I owned ran thousands -LRB- yes thousands -RRB- of miles in including a 24 hour race . New Balance shoes were always famous for great comfort , padding and soles that wore out after a few hundred miles and needed shoe goo . But they always blew away Nike Brooks Asics in runnability . These should be no different . Would I run a marathon in them ? No ! would I run 3-6 miles in them Of Course ! thats 30 plus years of running speaking . I 'll put it up against any of these reviews . Thanks NB for making classic shoes again !
 I wore these to school -LRB- as a teacher I am on my feet all day -RRB- . Best shoe I have bought for school and at a reasonable price . I have bad knees and need something with cushioning and support . At the end of 4 days my knees hurt much less than usual and these shoes breathe enough so my feet were n't sweaty .
 I just keep buying this model year after year , they are perfect tennis shoes , very comfortable , great quality , I still have a pair from 5 years ago . Very good for training , running , nothing fancy . just perfecct .
 I have to say these are by far the best shoe I have ever owned . These are my go to shoes for many occasions . From everyday errands , walking the street , shopping , going for walks , and if that is n't enough I use them year round even during the winter with snow on the ground but please be careful on slippery surfaces otherwise this shoe is awesome . I have put these through just about every aspect of daily use , driven in them for 5 hours , used them for comfort on a 10 hour flight , I highly recommend this exact type of New Balance and in my humble opinion you wont go wrong and your feet will love you too !
 This is the 2nd pair of these same shoes I 've purchased -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- , and I love them ! They fit just as expected , are lightweight , and have a really versatile color . Since they 're a neutral color , I can wear them with both casual clothing and slightly nicer clothes like khakis with an untucked polo . I may even buy another pair in 3 or so years when this pair wears out !
 Fresh , clean , cheap for what it is . My favorite shoe . Came with extra laces . Very comfortable and fashionable . -LRB- filler , filler -RRB-
 These are some of the best shoes I have ever bought . Would recomend them to everyone looking for good fit , and good value .
 This is my forth pair of new balance 574s and I love them . They are very comfortable and well made . so far each time I 've had to get a new pair it was from my wearing the soles down , not from falling apart . One of the things I really like about the shoes too is that aside from looking nice and being well made , they are relatively cheap . I wear a size 15 so it normally cost me a decent amount of money to get shoes . These are generally between $ 30 - $ 45 when I buy them on Amazon . If you are looking for a comfortable everyday-shoe then these are a great option especially if you wear larger sizes .
 Know your size , they run small i wear a 12 or 13 in other brands , have to order 14 in new balbance . They are light , comfortable , good lookin !
 This is great pair of sneakers for walking or running . I prefer walking . They are stylish and go great with a pair of black or blue jeans . Plus the sole looks durable .
 I 've never owned this brand before . But , I liked what I saw in the picture ... They simply looked comfortable . And I was right . Their light weight , style and color was just what I was looking for.From my experience with these great shoes , I would buy this brand again .
 Just got my second pair of these for Christmas and I absolutely love them . They are very comfortable and I would recommend these to anyone !
 Although I ordered the sneakers for my husband in his size , they were too small . Luckily they fit my son . He 's happy with them.I have learned to never order shoes on the internet . They must be tried on .
 After having to return them because they did n't fit , I got the perfect pair of shoes . They even paid for the return shipping . They look great !
 This is one of the best deal . The shoes are attractive , very affordable , durable . Just love the . Get a pair today
 I received the ited as described and within the expected time frame.Everything went well and I really ca n't complain so far .
 I purchased these for my son for everyday wear . He likes the support also . Great shoe at a great price .
 The Amazon picture me to believe that I was choosing a fresh pair of white/black men 's 574 but the -LSB- ... -RSB- site somehow translated my zealous choice into a short nightmare . How about getting that IT team and product management to sync so that the pic I click on at Amazon to checkout actually is what I receive from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The white/black/and RED pair I received today was listed under white/black description and I would like to know whether or not this is a common practice or can I count on you guys to get what I see in the pictures from now on ? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0015QXDJS/ref=ox_ya_oh_product
 Shoes arrived quickly . Great shoes . Even came with white and grey laces . I thought that was cool . If you 've stoen NB before you wo n't be disappointed
 Really like these shoes . They are a perfect fit for me . I may get another pair so I can switch off wearing the same shoe everyday .
 i got the sneakers in two days !!! Really happy when i got them fit great and look great love new balance .
 IDK why there is such a price variation between colors , but this color scheme was at least $ 20 cheaper than the others without looking fugly . I 've been getting a new pair of 574 's every year or so for the last 5 years , and I 'm always happy with the fit and durability , considering I wear them daily . This is the first time I bought shoes at Amazon , but only because I know which size will fit . They also have a good selection of sizes available too , which is great .
 Received these shoes just TWO days after ordering . Got ta love that . The shoes themselves are great . As soon as I took them out of the box and slipped them on , they fit like a glove . I walked around the house for a short while and they seem to have good cushion & support . Have n't walked around in them long enough to see how they hold up in distance , but they are not `` running '' shoes . These are meant to be just a nice comfortable casual shoe . They look great -LRB- I got the black & gray combo -RRB- , feel great and the price was great . Another great purchase from my favorite place to shop online . Highly recommended .
 I bought these shoes to use as casual footwear around town and out with friends . I would n't suggest them as workout or running shoes , so do n't buy them if you want that kind of shoe.I wore these shoes on a 1,000 mile road trip from Florida to north Virginia . I used them to walk around St. Augustine , Savannah , Charleston , Raleigh , Richmond , and various other cities across various terrains including rocks , sand , road , dirt trails , beaches , shells , etc. . . These shoes stayed comfortable , did n't get damaged in all the crap I put them through , and managed to be cleaned up easily too !
 I ordered these shoes from Amazon . They came packaged well but kind of slow on the shipping . I normally can order an item from Amazon and have it within a week . I ordered the New Balance 574 and it took close to three weeks for me to receive my shoes . The good thing is , I was able to track the shoes via the Amazon tracking system which gave me at least peace of mind . The shoes looked exactly like the photo and were brand new , never worn . The New Balance 574 is an amazing shoe . I needed to get a new shoe and a friend recommended I try a New Balance shoe . I must say , this is one of the most comfortable shoes around . Went to a store where they measure your foot to make sure I get the right shoe . It truly does make a difference . If you are considering purchasing this shoe , I suggest this as an option . I hope this review helps . YMMV ... NEOSOUL .
 I remember I got my first pair when I was 17 years old as a junior in high school . When I tried them on my feet were in love because they were so comfy . I 'm almost 23 & still enjoy wearing the 574 's . Alot of my friends do n't wear them too much but I still do since they 're just too comfortable . I recommend it to everyone I know .
 These shoes are really comfortable and look really nice too . I 'd definitely recommend them . They are the first new balance shoes I 've gotten and I think my next pair will be New Balance too : -RRB-
 I bought these shoes mainly because of the color , I always wanted red shoes . This the first time I have been able to find the right shade , I like dark reds . I have had New Balance before , so I already know they are a good brand . I was surprised how good they feel when I walk . I am not in great shape , but was able to walk six miles strait though , with no breaks .
 I have a little wide foot , and these shoes are the best one in my life.I always put on this shoes 24 hours :-RRB- Thank you !
 I love these shoes ! They are so comfortable , I end up wearing them all the time . They are great for days at the gym when I 'm doing weight days -LRB- so I do n't have to wear my running shoes -RRB- . I love walking around town in these shoes . My other shoes always made my feet hurt after a while . I 've been complemented so many times on these shoes . I will probably buy my brother a pair of these for Christmas.The only issue I have , which is slight , is that the bottom sole seems to be made out of a flimsy plastics . Other than that the fabric of the shoe is very high quality , and the toe has a nice suede .
 shipped fast ordered around christmas at the last minute and were brand new as listed size was right have held up great
 I love just about anything in these sneakers . They have classic look , sturdy construction and suede.Couple of things to mention : a -RRB- These are quite warm , thus are not the best for a hot summer ; b -RRB- The sizing seems to be perfect , I have a foot 11 inch long and these fit me perfectly in size 11 -LRB- US -RRB- ; c -RRB- I bought non-suede version at first and I must say they look less durable and not that awesome . So , I would suggest the suede versions only .
 Way better than I though it would be . escpecially for $ 50 . Love this shoe and I plan on buying a couple more pair in different colors . . amazon has the cheapest price i 've found especially if youre with prime .
 The shoe looks and feels great ! My only complaint is that after being on my feet all day -LRB- my job requires it -RRB- , my feet were a little sore . I do n't think these shoes have as good of arch support as some that I have had , but I 'm still happy with the purchase .
 Very Comfortable and easy to wear great buy , i would buy it again and recommend it to anyone . I also enjoy the color , the seude but the white bottom outer sole gets dirty fast
 The shoe is very comfortable.size is correct . Most of all it looks great . I am a prime member that is why delivery is quick . I guess another new balance is on the horizon
 I have a wide foot and struggle to find stylish sneakers I can wear . These fit the bill . I got the grey ones ... they were a little snug when I first put them on , but two nights of wearing them untied around the house broke them in enough . I got them on Wednesday and by Friday I could comfortably tie them and walk around like they were my favorite old kicks.My only complaint is that most of the `` fun '' colors are n't available in wide . C'mon , New Balance . Give the fat footed what we want !
 These shoes are great . Light , comfortable , and durable . I found these shoes to be great for walking or running . These shoes performed well in the test of time . After six years of regular use , I bought the New Balance 574 shoes again .
 Good shoes for everyday wear . I would not recommend working out in these shoes , especially if you are and under-pronator . There is extra inner arch support that would benefit those who need it .
 The color 's a little strange , but I bought them for working out in the Wellness Center at work , and they 're excellent shoes for that purpose at an amazing price .
 This shoe is the next big thing . Coming in so many different colors and varieties , they 're also very comfortable . I got mine at Champs , and at most stores you can get two pairs for $ 89 . These shoes will match with anything ! Good for walking all day , good for anything really . New balance is made in the United States , which also means you 're getting quality too . I would recommend this shoe to anyone , especially one particular about matching and their colors . Very fashionable , I got at least three compliments within two hours of buying them .
 The shoes look great ! I 've been a loyal customer to New Balance for a long time now . I own 6 pairs of New Balance shoes at this point . I have to say that these are the most uncomfortable pair that I have purchased . The back of the shoes rub my achiles heel and I have to wear thick socks or band-aids when I wear these shoes . I almost returned them , but I get so many compliments on how cool they are . I am going to keep these shoes and continue to wear them in hopes that I wear them in.Thanks !!
 Purchased these for a family member . They really like them ! She says the shoes are extremely comfortable ! I purchased this model of shoe due to the great reviews by others who purchased them .
 excellent product , I really liked 'm very pleased with the purchase ...
 bought my husband a pair of these to replace his vans and they have held up very very well , look great too !
 This cleat is by far the best soccer cleat ever made . I am 26 and have played soccer my entire life and this is the only way to go . When you buy the Umbro Speciali , make sure that it is made in Italy and not China . You can not go wrong with this boot and it is definitely worth the price .
 The Umbro Speciali is the best shoe I 've ever owned -LRB- I 've worn Kings , Copas , Accelerators , etc. -RRB- Having played on state ODP teams , high school and college varsity soccer , I put a lot of miles on my cleats . None perform better than Specialis.They are not the easiest to find in soccer shops though . You will probably have to order them online unless you live somewhere with a great selection.Not the most durable shoe , as they seem to wear through on the toe after around two years of use . But well worth it .
 Dwyane Wade went crazy when he wanted these shoes made.They are very comfortable , great for basketball , and more !!!!!!!! If I was you i would buy these shoes fast .
 I LIKE THE SHOES I WOULD LIKE TO ORDER CONVERSE MENS WADE MID IN A SIZE 7
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 I bought these cleats as a practice pair and I have to say they not only met but exceeded my expectations . Not only do they look great -LRB- I have received many complements from teammates -RRB- but they perform very well . There is synthetic coating on the upper -LRB- the top and side of the cleat , where one would be kicking the ball -RRB- which I actually like , but some may not feel the same . I have been using them 5 days a week for a couple weeks now and they are holding up remarkably well . I would recommend these as a great pair of secondary or backups cleats for a serious player . If you do not play competitively then these are a great pair of cleats for you ... they 'll last you a while and you 'll look good in them . All in all a fantastic product for the price , very pleased . ** Just a warning , these cleats seem to run a half-size small . I am a 11.5 but I ordered a 12 and they fit quite snugly .
 I got these because I have a pair of Puma walking shoes and I love the way they fit my feet . Turns out the same goes for the cleats . After one game they were broken in , and they feel like wearing nothing at all .
 These are cool looking shoes . I am new to soccer . So maybe I did n't know how the cleats would fit . I find this to be very snug . A little bit uncomfortable to run with also . Then again , I am new to soccer .
 As good as expected , just a bit of more inforamtion regarding the material would have given you the 5 stars .
 The item arrived in a timely manner in good condition . It 's true these things are half size small . The color is white , which is kinda gay , but hey , I could n't care less . I just want something affordable with above average performance .
 I was afraid that these platform stilettos might look like a cheap pair of stripper shoes . To my surprise when I opened the box they were packaged with care , each shoe in it 's own cloth sack . Like many women 's high-heels they were a bit smaller than the size should be , but I anticipated this and ordered one size up from my actual size . They fit like a dream ! No squeezing on the foot and/or toes . The open toe design and sheer height of the heels makes this one SEXY pair of sandals .
 I bought these for my husband for his first Father 's Day and he loves them ! They should be ordered a size larger to make sure they fit but they are nice looking and he says they are very comfortable . Not recommended for outside wear b/c of soft leather soles . Great gift idea and , so far , great product !
 Every one noticed this shoe and it is comfortable enough to wear all day - a favorite
 I received these boots yesterday and put them on right away . I walked around the mall and ran around town doing this and that , and my feet stayed warm and comfortable the whole time . I have constant problems with shoes not fitting right , or being just plain uncomfortable so far the only shoes that I have n't had problems with are these Warmbats and Birkenstock sandals ! They are so soft inside and out , yet the sole is sturdy and gives great support . I 'm thinking about buying them in a couple more colors ! I like them much better than UGGS on several levels . Not only are they super comfortable but beautiful as well ! I ordered a half size bigger than I normally wear and they are a perfect fit , though if they are too big for you they come with inserts to guarante a perfect fit . They also come with a water resistant spray to protect them , I sprayed them with it last night and it rained when I went out today , and they were just fine !
 I have been wearing sheepskin boots for a few years now . I have Uggs -LRB- made in China -RRB- and another pair that were made in Australia and these Warmbat boots are by far the most comfortable and best looking in my opinion . -LRB- It seems all the good shoes are made in China now -RRB- . I love that they include a bottle of protection and the fit is perfect . My other boots have stretched over time and this company includes extra insoles that can be put under the lining if they get loose . I 'm sure I will need to use them because I have worn them every day since they came to my door !! Great grip in the snowy weather that has finally hit the ground here . I LOVE these boots !!
 Wonderful boots ! Great deal for the price , also . They come with optional memory foam inserts that you can use with other footwear , if you wish , and a bottle of treatment that works great . They are easy on/easy off , and keep my feet warm , even in -30 * F temps . I 've never owned a pair of Uggs , and now that I 've tried the Warmbats , I probably never will .
 Just got these - I wear a 9 and I ordered the women 's 9 , seem to fit nicely . They are just as attractive as Ugg 's and while I ca n't vouch for their longevity since I just bought them , they seem to be a very nice boot . Fast shipping !
 I am wearing my Warmbats for the first time today -LRB- bought them in the Chestnut color ... very nice ! -RRB- . They are very warm and comfortable . The soles are a little heavier than the other expensive brands but I am sure with a little use , I will get used to the weight . Love them and highly recommend them . The price is wonderful and the look is very `` in '' !
 I have unusually wide and short feet - I can wear anything between a 4 in kids -LRB- I have a pair of knock-off boots like these from Target 's kids section in a size 4 -RRB- , to a 7.5 in women 's -LRB- I have another knock-off pair from Target in a women 's size 7 -RRB- . None of my cheaper pairs are comfortable after wearing them a few times , nor are they especially warm.I was surprised when I slipped these on upon their arrival today at how well they fit . I immediately applied the weatherproofing spray that came with them , and , also included were a pair of inserts.This was a great deal . After two-day shipping , I paid about $ 50 , which is about the combined total of my other two pair of cheap boots . I bought the unisex pair in a men 's 6/women 's 7 . The true test will be how well they hold up trudging two blocks each morning to work in the snow , and around campus this winter a couple of days a week , but I was really glad that I was able to get these right on . They are only slightly snug around the calves -LRB- I 've got some muscular ones -RRB- .
 I LOVE THESE BOOTS ! I just got them yesterday , but I loved them from the moment I first slipped them on . I was worried about the fit because some other reviewers said they ran small ... I ordered my normal size and while they are a tad snug , it 's not uncomfortable at all , more like a little furry critter gently hugging your foot ! I think with a little bit of breaking-in they 'll loosen up to be just right . The quality of these boots are so great . I 've ordered EMUs for the kids and a pair of Staheekums for my husband and those totally suck in comparison to MY boots . I wish I 'd known about these before I ordered theirs .
 Just came today -LRB- 5 days earlier than expected -RRB- ! I must be honest , I ordered these boots knowing they 're not the most attractive shoes but they are actually cuter than I expected them to be ; I can weart them to school without feeling like a dope . Mine are chestnut and the color is prettier than most chestnut ugg boots . They are also extremely comfy ; I 'm weariong them still right now . Only thing is that they did n't come with the Sheepskin Water repellent that was promised but I 'll contact them and see if they can send me it .
 So very warm , snuggly , comfy . This is my second pair of Warmbats -LRB- had a pair a few years ago and wore them so much they eventually fell to pieces ! Great price , and wonderful for those of us who do n't like to have cold feet .
 I bought these and was pleased that I followed instructions to buy a size larger than usual . I got them in black and wore them , as you are supposed to , without socks . The black came off on my feet a lot but they still get full stars because they are very good looking , so comfortable and warm .
 These boots are warm and comfortable , like my sheepskin slippers . My feet are toasty , even when it 's freezing outside . They have a thicker sole than some other styles , which makes this boot great for walking in snow and ice . I love the warm brown of the chestnut . They look great ! At 50 % off , the price was great , too .
 When your feet are cold , it 's hard to get warm . With these boots , your feet are toasty keeping the rest of you comfortable .
 Great boot ! Well made ! Strong and durable for any type of weather condition ! Comfy and stylish ! Affordable and well worth the price !
 I did order half size up because of other reviews and the length is perfect . However , the unisex width is way too wide for me . I have a pair of Ugg men 's Ultimate and they are not as wide.Overall , I still think Uggs are a little better and more comfortable .
 These slippers are perfect for beginner ballet , they are a great price and very durable .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 My husband loves these he says they are very comfortable feel like slippers , but they are a little tight to get on , the way the slip cord is around the shoe as a tie . They have held up fine for him he has had a year now does n't wear them daily though .
 I use this as a small diaper bag when making quick trips with my new baby - while not HUGE it is big enough to carry a few diapers and wipes , a spare outfit , burp cloth , a bottle and my wallet . And it does so in style !
 I LOVE this tote bag ! I use it everyday to and from work . It is just as nice as the more expensive name totes too ! I would and probably will make other purchases from this line .
 I bought this as a present for my grandma and she loves it . She really likes that it has a bunch of pockets and it big enough to fit all of her stuff . It seems pretty well made too .
 Great size . Love all the pockets . Works quite well for work and is very attractive .
 Love this bag , going to order one in a different patten . Can always find what am looking for . If you need to carry lots of stuff , this is the bag for you . Nice matterial and made well . The handles are a good size , can be carried or over shoulder .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 Soft leather , flexible yet solid sole . I 've worn these so much since I received them , they 're wonderful !
 Xmas gift for my wife and she is happy , so that is all that matters!Fair price nice looking boots .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 I bought these ballet shoes along with the tap shoes and am very satisfied . Very top quality and comfortable for my little girl . I highly recommend these slippers .
 I where these shoes all the time . They are really comfortable to run in .
 My girlfriend love this shoes ... . she said that are very confortable and so light weight . The amortiguation it 's good after 3 month use it . . Well thats what she told me .
 I like the look of the shoes and the shiny parts are easy to clean , although the cloth parts are difficult to keep clean . I have a high arch and they seem to support well so I would say over all they were a good choice .
 Shoe pretty true to size , good shoe for the money . I buy Nike Shox often and decided to try these for the price . Not as cushy as a Nike Shox but also half the cost or less ! For the price it is a comfy shoe and I would recommend it if you have wider feet and or do n't want to send $ 90.00 and up for Shox .
 Well , i bought those shoes for my sister when they go onsale , roughtly 21 $ . Price is very good for addidas shoes , and the degisn is nice , too . But only thing my sister does not like is the the plastic base . you feel it is prertty hard when you wear shoes . she like the softer heel .
 These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had . I am so happy with them ! It is so difficult for me to find a pair of shoes that feels like they 're made for me - but these are GREAT !
 the shoes fit ; they arrived in a timely fashion and best of all , they were on sale . I work in a laboratory and am on my feet 8 hours a day on concrete floors and these are very comfortable and kind to my feet and legs . What a deal !
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 I have arthritis in my feet which makes walking painful . These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I can walk pain free for extended periods of time . They are like walking on pillows .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 I was very pleased to use the shoes when it arrived after only five days on Free Shipping ! It fits fine and very nice to work around . It really helps me with my work .
 I would say these are great work boots . I bought them for my Husband which wears a size 13 , it is hard to find him shoe type boots anywhere else . I would recommend anyone looking for a larger size or other to go with this boot .
 Great , great steel toe at a good price . If you use steel toe these are verycomfortable and durable .
 At first I thought I was going to have a problem with the shipping . I expressed my concern and they shipped them right away . I have been wearing them at work and are very comfortable and the composite toe makes them safety first !
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 Overall , I like the shoes -- soft but not very comfortable . The strap was placed was bit too close to my daughter 's ankles so it bothers her a bit . The delivery is prompt and price is competitive
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 I like the way they look-nice and neat.They are soft and comfortable . One thing though-when I wore them on a rainy day it felt kinda slippery on the road .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 I bought these for my son . He is 22 months . Ca n't tell they are for girls . He loves being able to take them on and off himself . So , do I.
 I 've always liked the Ugh style boot and have wanted to get a pair like them for my four year old daughter -LRB- altough not at the Ugh price -RRB- . When I purchased these boots they were about $ 20 , which I thought was a very reasonable price . I also liked the studded bear accent on the boot which is important for my daughter who refuses to where anything unless is is embellished in some way . Although she has just begun to wear them , she wants to wear them constantly -LRB- even in 80 degree whether -RRB- , but so far so good . Comfort is a major issue for her and at this point she will only wear two pairs of shoes that she has -LRB- these being one of the two -RRB- . Time will tell how they hold up when the weather gets worse , but she loves them , and they seem very well made , and definately comfortable with the faux fur lining .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 These shoes are all leather , and look great . The comfort level isnt optimal , however for the price , the value is outstanding . I have recieved several compliments wearing these shoes .
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This shoe is true to fit in every way . It 's very comfortable and secure feeling . I can wear the shoes all day and never feel any discomfort . I bought them in black and they look really nice with any slacks .
 This is a nice comorting shoe . Fit 's good . Especially for work.Heather
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 I got these about an year ago , and now I am getting another pair ! I love these slippers ! They are for internal use only , so do n't wear them outside . They last about an year of constant daily use . The material is soft suade and they are very comfortable .
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 This really is the best shoe I have found for training on pavement . It is very cushioned , and I notice less leg pain than with the various kinds I was trying before these . It wears like iron - I get probably 50 % more life than from a pair than from other trainers I have used . Part of that is due to the fact that the uppers are still made with real animal hides , not synthetic . I put 600 miles on my last pair and visually it looked almost brand new.Oh , the best part
 I do n't know how many pairs of this shoe I 've owned over the years -- maybe around ten . I 've run thousands of miles in them , but they 're my walking shoes too , and if you need to stand for hours at a time they 're great for that too . They 're one of the few running shoes that come in different widths , and they offer the kind of support , stability , and cushioning podiatrists recommend for flat feet . I use prescription orthotics and wear them under the insoles . I 've tried the more expensive 2001 's with leather in place of suede , but the 991 's seem to last longer and hold up better . They 're made so well they never fall apart , instead they just slowly lose the cushioning and support . And a great extra is , instead of being made by Third World slave children , they 're made right here in the USA .
 I used to rave about Nike 's but after getting a pair of these New Balance 's , I do n't think I 'll ever buy another pair . They are waaaaay comfortable.It 's like walking on a big comfy couch.It 's nice that they come in width 's for people with narrow feet to wide feet . Go try a pair on and get your sizing correct before ordering online.And they 're made in the good ol' USofA .
 The 990 Serries New Balance are some of the best shoes availible . After standing on concrete floor for 8 to 10 hours per day , I found other brands looked great , but were uncomfortable after 3 or 4 months . The New Balance shoes lasted twice as long and cost about the same price as the Nike and other brands I had previously purchased . I 've bought nothing but New Balance ever since - for over 10 years now . Beside the durablity and the correct size avalibility , I find wearing shoes made in the USA rather than Korea or China a major plus !
 If you are an avid runner that appreciates comfortable shoes , then buy these shoes . The 991 is the only shoe that I have purchased more than once . I have tried many others and these are my favorite .
 My husband has been wearing this exact shoe for years ... we are sad that it appears to be discontinued and that finding a suitable replacement in his size -LRB- 15 US -RRB- is nearly impossible!For NB 991 lovers ... get 'em while you still can ! Reviews we 've read on the replacement are n't very good !
 Aside from the old-school good looks , comfort , support , and style of the New Balance 991s , these are the unofficial shoes for prep school students and fraternity members . Wear them with khakis , a polo shirt , and a baseball hat -LRB- preferably of a large Southern state school - UNC or UVA is ideal -RRB- . They are also ideal for use with contrasting laces - thick red ones are best .
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 I love blue shoes in general . I also heart Nine West and always will . They are by far my favorite brand . When I snagged these shoes on a super awesome clearance deal , I was ecstatic . I was even happier when I was able to open the shoebox up and put them on . They are true to size -LRB- all Nine West shoes are -RRB- and surprisingly comfortable . I have n't ever worn them for over 8 hours , so I ca n't speak to how they treat your feet all day long . They are the perfect evening shoe , but the tan heel makes them casual enough for a fun daytime event as well . They won me a coffee card in a `` hot shoe '' contest , and I do n't think I will ever get rid of them . The sequins do `` flip '' to the silver side and have to be brushed back over , but they are such sparkly , awesome shoes that it does n't really matter to me .
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 The only bad thing I have to say about these track spikes are the colors . You will look like a fairy . Aside from that , they 're a great bang for your buck.To Sushil Premjani , spikes are meant for the track , not for any other surface -LRB- such as concrete , etc. -RRB- . Also , all running spikes are meant to be extremely snug , so that it feels as if you do n't even have shoes on . Of course , as with any other shoe , if you have wide feet , get a wide size .
 i bought the shoes for recreational use and i loved them . i have seen deffinate improvement in my stride and sprintplus ive dropped 22 seconds off my mile time
 I bought these for my 15 year old son , who runs the 800 meter and 1600 meter on an outdoor track . He can not say enough good things about these shoes . He finds the shoes comfortable , says they grip the track well , and his sprint has definitely improved . We are both very pleased with this purchase .
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 These slippers are awesome . I just love them - they work great for indoors as well as for outdoors and they look stylish . They are the perfect slipper for summer , your feet wo n't sweat !
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 I am now a JS shoe lover . This shoe is soooo very comfortable and the fit is perfect . I am always concerned about buying shoes online , and I thought maybe JS style would be too narrow - but its not . It fit my feet perfectly and I could walk a mile in these shoes . And , above all , its so very stylish . I definately recommend this shoe !
 Finally a shoe that combines fashion and comfort . These fit well and are well constructed .
 Love these shoes . The blush is really nice in patent leather . Very comfortable too . This is my first pair of JS , I will be buying more .
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 These sandals are beautiful and easy to walk in . If you want to feel sexy , put these on !
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I have purchased Ryka shoes for about 20 years . These are the only shoes I will buy . They are always a perfect fit and are made for only women . Unlike other top name brands that are made for men and then sized to fit women . In all the years I have bought Ryka I have never had one problem . They always fit perfect . Never any blisters or sore feet trying to break them in . Once you go Ryka you will never go back to expensive , poor fitting shoes .
 RYKA shoes are simply the best . I am a very active aerobicsinstructor and hiker . No one makes better shoes than RYKA , period .
 This is at least the 6th pair of these shoes I have purchased . They are , hands down , the very best running shoe I have ever found . I am a low mileage -LRB- 2-5 miles/run -RRB- , and not fast -LRB- 10 min/mile -RRB- runner . These shoes have the most cushion , the roomiest forefoot and the best comfort of any brand I 've tried . For someone who likes good cushioning -LRB- my feet never hurt , ever , from running -RRB- and a wider forefoot -LRB- they are supremely comfortable -RRB- , these are the shoes for you . Note , these shoes must run a bit small for the size ; I order a size larger than my pumps . I do n't like my toes to hit the front of the shoe while running . I highly recommend these shoes !
 I like the way they look-nice and neat.They are soft and comfortable . One thing though-when I wore them on a rainy day it felt kinda slippery on the road .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I 'm a guy who lives in an area where the choices are pretty limited when it comes to finding a decent looking and good quality pair of cowboy boots . Either you get what 's available at the local truck stop , or you hit up TSC to get a basic pair of a named brand of either in black or suede brown . I ordered these boots -LRB- Black Cherry color , not Black -RRB- on Monday afternoon of this week , and received them Thursday evening . Delivery was fantastic ! The look of the boot is a little more fancy then what I was anticipating and the tip of the boot is wider then I expected , but , none the less , these boots are very slick ! They were delivered directly from Dan Post in TN wrapped up in plastic . They have a little bit of oil on them from the factory and Im leery on waterproofing them just yet , but will eventually . I slipped them on -LRB- and I have a wide foot -RRB- and they slipped right on . -LRB- I always go a little bit smaller then my size so they stretch to my feet -RRB- . I have rather large calve muscles and they fit very nicely over them . The heal of the boot is the right height , and the arch feels really good . There is a little bit of tread on the sole so you wo n't be slipping too badly on the ice/snow as you normally would with a traditional sole . So far , based on delievery , quality and looks of the boots , I say they are a great buy !
 After trying on the cherry brown color of this boot , I found that it fit perfectly on my foot . Usually much more expensive boots are too tight on my instep or in the toe . From the time I put them on , walked in them , and purchased them , I found them to be as comfortable as my sneakers I wear . I could n't believe they fit better than boots costing 3 to 4 times as much ! Now I plan to get the black pair so I can have two different pair . Thank you Laredo !
 I was concerned about comfort but gave them a try and found that they are the most comfortable and nicest boots I 've ever owned . I can actually hang out and spend a lot of time in them . I went with the square toe because of the style and found that the shape adds to the great comfort . I bought them to wear to a wedding and could n't have found a classier and better looking boot of this style . Now I wear them all the time .
 These boots are very comfortable and affordable . They look good if you like cowboy boots . The leather is soft and easy to care for
 Laredo 13 '' Cowboy Boots are a qualty pair of boots that arrived with little wait . They were brand new in plastic bags , boxed and straight from Dan Post Boots in Tennesee . The boots were immediately comfortable and received praise wherever I wore them . I ordered a half size larger and they were perfect . They are fantastic looking , the best Value and quality I found after shopping many sources . Would not hesitate to buy again .
 Very good boots . He says they 're the kind that are shaped well enough that breaking them in is n't hard at all . He loves the color and the over-all quality .
 According to measurements , I 'm an 8 1/2 3E but I 've never tried on a shoe that size my whole life . I 've always worn a 9 or 10 D. Actually , the perfect size always seems to be right between . Only once in my life have I put on new shoes and felt they fit me perfectly . Based on other comments these boots are on the wide side so I bought a 9 . Well , they slipped on well ! They are not supper comfortable and lack a bit of arch support but I 'm hard to fit . The only down side is the upper part does n't seem to be real leather . Its very soft and thin like synthetic material . I bought them to give me ankle support after a sprain . They wo n't give me the support I really want but at least they fit.Aug .24 / 2012 Note
 THESE ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE AND BEST SANDAL I HAVE EVER OWNED . They fit like a flat but look like a wedge . They do come a half size larger , so order a half size smaller ... trust me . Great shoe though , wish I had an unlimited supply .
 Love these sandals ! comfortable , cute , lots of compliments ... BUT , they run huge -- I had to re-order one full size smaller than I usually take after trying on my usual size .
 Good fit and great for softball if you do n't like wearing full cleats . Very light , stylish , and comfortable .
 Good fit and great for softball if you do n't like wearing full cleats . Very light , stylish , and comfortable .
 I love these heels . Aesthetically they 're beautiful . Comfort-wise , they 're decent , not great . Do n't go out dancing in these shoes . Go out to dinner in these shoes .
 This picture does not do these shoes justice . I own many many shoes by Kenzie , they 're always stylish and comfortable . This pair is one of my favorites . They 're very 80s . The gold color is distressed , and the brown faux spat is actually a very dark almost black color . These are true to size , but all Kenzie shoes fit like a glove . I 'm an exact size 6 and own these in a 6 ; they 're like a glove literally-so , if you 're on the big end of your size , you may want to get a half size larger . They 're incredibly comfortable despite the fact that they 're heals . I can wear these without pain for much much longer than most heals . And if you 're looking for great shoes to go with your skinny jeans these are it !! These shoes are so hot with any pair of skinny jeans!I only have one complaint , and that 's the price listed . I do n't know why these are n't on sale online . I picked these boots up on a Macy 's clearance rack for $ 50 . Why are they not on clearance online ?
 This is my second pair of Pliners and they are a great investment . I wore my first pair of Pliner boots to death and they still look like good boots that have been worn a lot . I 've worn the Isada now for a couple of weeks and it 's one step up from a tennis shoe in terms of comfort . It 's very good looking and yet totally comfortable . They almost bounce because the sole is rubber.Note that they run about a size smaller - so buy the 7.5 if you 're normally a 6.5 . Highly recommend these .
 Good fit and great for softball if you do n't like wearing full cleats . Very light , stylish , and comfortable .
 I like the way they look-nice and neat.They are soft and comfortable . One thing though-when I wore them on a rainy day it felt kinda slippery on the road .
 these shoes are great !! so comfortable , cushioning is awesome!looks cool too . just one bad thing is that it is cut low for a mid shoes . great shoes for casual wear and bball !!
 My husband was a little skeptical about this shoe until he tried it on . He said it was extremely comfortable and a shoe that he could wear all day long without any problem . It has a nice thickly padded insole with plenty of support and wide enough in the toe area so it wo n't pinch at all . Out of the 4 pair I just purchased for him , this was his favorite .
 these shoes are great !! so comfortable , cushioning is awesome!looks cool too . just one bad thing is that it is cut low for a mid shoes . great shoes for casual wear and bball !!
 these shoes are great !! so comfortable , cushioning is awesome!looks cool too . just one bad thing is that it is cut low for a mid shoes . great shoes for casual wear and bball !!
 Originally wanted dark brown , but settled for plain brown as dark was not available in my size.Have been complimented several times on the good looks of this shoe . However , they are not quite as light as I thought from the description in the product name . I need these shoes for standing work -LRB- retail -RRB- , and they barely do after inserting cushioned in-soles . However , even softer shoes probably would be too casual for my work .
 these shoes are great !! so comfortable , cushioning is awesome!looks cool too . just one bad thing is that it is cut low for a mid shoes . great shoes for casual wear and bball !!
 these shoes are great !! so comfortable , cushioning is awesome!looks cool too . just one bad thing is that it is cut low for a mid shoes . great shoes for casual wear and bball !!
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 these shoes are great !! so comfortable , cushioning is awesome!looks cool too . just one bad thing is that it is cut low for a mid shoes . great shoes for casual wear and bball !!
 We bought these for our 6 year old daughter . She loves the pink hearts and stars on the shoes . One thing that is strange is that the two velcro strips each close in a different direction from the other . The shoes are flexible , but not flimsy . They have a breathable sole -LRB- you can see the air holes if you magnify the picture , which is nice as well . I would buy this brand again in the future .
 My two year old daughter loves to wear these shoes . They are very nice looking and are well made . They look comfortable .
 Love this style , I remember my younger brothers and friends wearing them in the 70 's !! These sneakers are VERY well made and I would expect they 'll outlast other brands my son has worn before . The only negative I can even think of is the fact that they are more `` stylish '' than functional for wearing to school on days when they have gym class . They 're HEAVY and may not be the best choice for `` running laps '' !!
 These are light weight -LSB- another reviewer said they were heavy , not true -RSB- and less bulky than most `` skate '' shoes . I bought a brown and black pair for my sons who also think they are great !
 I like this mark of shoes , seem to me fabulous , but this model is a little hard ...
 I think these shoes are fantastic . They are cute and extremely comfortable . I had to walk home from work one day , unexpectedly , and my feet felt great the whole time . The only reason that I do n't rate at 5 stars is because the black from the shoes has rubbed off onto the bottoms of my feet and it is not easy to get off .
 These are my favorite sandals ever , so very comfortable despite heel spurs and pin in my foot from previous break . I put my daughter in the stroller and walk a couple miles , no blisters , no rubbing , nothing . I have them in black and leopard and get many compliments . Have even given them as gifts becuase they are so comfy , ca n't say enough good things !
 I have this shoe in two colors -LRB- silver and the leopard look -RRB- . I get compliments every time I wear them . They are adjustable on the top . They NEVER make your feet hurt ! I can walk all day long in these and I have a heel spur ! I love them !
 I really love these sandals . They have the comfort of Dr. Scholl 's shoes and the patent leather gives them the sass . You can wear them with shorts , jeans or skirts . You can adjust the width , so even if your feet swell in hot weather , you wo n't be uncomfortable.Because of this ability to adjust the fit , I would go up a size for comfort .
 These are wonderful shoes . I bought them in 2 colors . They are very lightweight , have very good support , and are very stylish . Several of my coworks haev ordered them too .
 This thong looks great and wears great . My wife always had the problem of selecting a shoe that looked smart and was comfortable at the same time . She is all smiles now as we walk the way from our home to the ferry and she does n't have to carry another pair of shoes .
 This shoe is absoultly wonder a very comfortable and a great looking shoe ...
 the shoes got here speedy and in perfect shape ! shiny and fabulous!BCBGirls Women 's Myrna Pump
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I have arthritis in my feet which makes walking painful . These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I can walk pain free for extended periods of time . They are like walking on pillows .
 I ONLY WEAR PUMA 'S -LRB- OWN 15 PAIR -RRB- AND THIS IS A CLASSIC VERY WELL MADE!THIS ONE IS A LITTLE HEAVIER THAN THE OTHERS - FEELS LIKE WALKING ON A CLOUD
 OK TIME ON DELIVERINGOK SIZENICE SHOESGREAT PRICESTHANKS GUYS
 these shoes are great !! so comfortable , cushioning is awesome!looks cool too . just one bad thing is that it is cut low for a mid shoes . great shoes for casual wear and bball !!
 I just bought these heels , and already I can wear them comfortably all day at work . They are super cute , I would definitely reccommend them .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I use this as a small diaper bag when making quick trips with my new baby - while not HUGE it is big enough to carry a few diapers and wipes , a spare outfit , burp cloth , a bottle and my wallet . And it does so in style !
 I LOVE this tote bag ! I use it everyday to and from work . It is just as nice as the more expensive name totes too ! I would and probably will make other purchases from this line .
 I bought this as a present for my grandma and she loves it . She really likes that it has a bunch of pockets and it big enough to fit all of her stuff . It seems pretty well made too .
 Great size . Love all the pockets . Works quite well for work and is very attractive .
 Love this bag , going to order one in a different patten . Can always find what am looking for . If you need to carry lots of stuff , this is the bag for you . Nice matterial and made well . The handles are a good size , can be carried or over shoulder .
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter had a pair of Frye Campus boots . Guess they do n't make it for youth anymore because I ca n't find them anywhere . She loved them so much she wore them literally every day , so I had high hopes for these boots . They are great quality and I 'm sure she 'll love them ... next year . I should probably return these and get a different size , but I hate returning things , and I know she can wear them later . So , if you plan on getting these for your kids , size at least 1/2 down . The black ones are great . The blue ones are like a baby blue . Love them both .
 These were good shoes . They lasted until they were outgrown . The child that wore them said that they were comfortable .
 These shoes are great . Not only do they look good , they are also very comfortable . The trade mark Rhino print just makes them a much better choice than the other brands . I own them in various colors and absolutely love them .
 These shoes are nice looking and very comfortable . I 'd recommend them for any woman who has to look polished for work but wants to save her feet from wear and tear . The little accent and bow give them just enough style to avoid making them matronly and can be worn with lots and lots of different outfits.Highly recommend these .
 My feet are long , it is difficult to find shoes at the store that are comfortable.I loved these shoes . I could wear them all day and my feet did not get tired or hurt at all.I wore them at a Convention , lot of walking and the shoes were surprisingly comfortable the whole day .
 A + + + + + + + for beauty and comfort . I can wear this shoe for hours and literally have with no discomfort . Plus it is very cute and can be worn with either a pant or dress . Buy it ! You wo n't regret it . **** Note
 Good shoe for business dress , fairly comfortable and walkable . Fit is snug so if you 're hovering between your true size and half size up , go for half size up.I like that even with a low heel , it actually looks quite dressy .
 I turned to the internet in search of some red shoes to buy , as I ca n't buy anything like this in a shoe store in Australia . I spotted these and just had to have them - pretty , yet practical . I thought I would take the chance and purchase them , sight unseen . I used the sizing chart on this site and other websites to work out which shoe size to choose . The shoes arrived the other day and are a perfect fit . I always buy size 9 in shoes , regardless of the style , but I went for the 9.5 as this is what all the charts indicated would fit . I am a ` B ' fitting in Australia , so I chose the 'M ' fitting . My gamble paid off and the shoes are great . I would like to mention that the shoe colour is called ` Red ' , but they are more of a ` Cherry ' colour .
 I have large feet and shoes normally hurt my toes , even if they are wide width ones . Not this one . Very comfortable . When i wear them , it is usually when I have to walk up and down a lot at work and the height of the heel is perfect . No weary legs the next day for me . I came back to find the taupe but sadly they dont have my size .
 This is the second pair I have bought for my mom . She loves them because they are so comfortable .
 This is my first slingback ever . Great shoe . True to size . True to width . I especially like the rubberized sole . The ca n't hear me coming down the hall.Easy Street Women 's Embrace Slingback
 true to size , great for anyone who is on their feet all day , comfortable , i would probably purchase these in another color , stylish for dressy or casual .
 The shoe is true to size-important when you do n't have the advantage of trying it on . It is comfortable and good looking with a mid-heel that can be used for business and semi-casual . Great with skirts , pants and capris , the bow adds a nice litte touch that takes it out of the same old , same old .
 I love these shoe 's , great price and they are wonderful for walking and working out in .
 I thought these shoes were for the young , but decided i was n't finding the comfort i wanted in the shoes i was buying so decided to purchase a pair of zig zag velcro sneaker . I love them , they are comfortable and easy to put on . I am planning a cruise in June and will definitely take them for my walking shoe . I am 61 ,
 These shoes are so comfortable . I dont like those big bulky kind of shoes . They look funny because they are soo big . I like shoes like this . They are soo freakin comfortable lol . I also like that you dont have to tie any shoe strings . Buy these .
 I have 3 pairs of these shoes -LRB- different colors -RRB- and love them to death . You can get them cheap , you just have to look around . My last pair i found in a Macys store for $ 14.99 used my card and they came to $ 13.50 . They are comfy , easy to put on , obviously they 're velcro !
 I ONLY WEAR PUMA 'S -LRB- OWN 15 PAIR -RRB- AND THIS IS A CLASSIC VERY WELL MADE!THIS ONE IS A LITTLE HEAVIER THAN THE OTHERS - FEELS LIKE WALKING ON A CLOUD
 OK TIME ON DELIVERINGOK SIZENICE SHOESGREAT PRICESTHANKS GUYS
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 The quality of the product was superb . The shoes are very comfortable and help relief my lower back pain .
 These shoes are awesome . They make my legs feel so good . There was not a break in time . Just felt great from out of the box . I recommend these to all who want an extra little something when doing your walking .
 I went ahead and ordered a second pair of these for when I wear out the first pair . They feel comfortable on my feet , grip the basketball court well , and they are at a great price : -RRB-
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 Based on feedback from others that I read on your site , I decided to order a size up for my daughter . She is usually a 9 or 9 1/2 , but we went with a 10 and they are a perfect fit . She loves the shoes - great ventilation on the court . She says she can feel the air coming into the shoe when she runs . Nice looking , too . Would definitely recommend !
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 bought these boots for my wife . these are her 3rd pair and the hold up nicely and she says they are really comfortable . would recomend them
 This crazy guy got these boots for me because my pair was DONE . I love them . I smile everytime I lace them up . Sexy and classy . Wish I would have kept in touch with him .
 Only problem I had was the fit . Wish they would let people know to make sure to order the next size up . I had issues with the boots . It was n't the dealer , but my own fault I did n't go to a real store and try some on to figure out the size I needed . These must be sold out . I could n't post a link to the boots I bought . Sorry .
 LOVE , LOVE , LOVE these boots . They are very comfortable and durable . They run a slight bit big ! Ca n't wait to ride . Be safe everyone !
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 I like the way they look-nice and neat.They are soft and comfortable . One thing though-when I wore them on a rainy day it felt kinda slippery on the road .
 Feel like I 40 yrs . younger . For a causal shoe for Santa these are Great . I really enjoy them feels great to be able to wear a really well made shoe . Thanks ConverseSANTA GARY
 I have to say I got my Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Custom Red with Santa men 's 11 shoes in three days . Very fast service and the shoes were really nice . They were a good fit , I ordered a half size larger then what I wear because I wear a heavy sock and needed the extra room . I told some of my other Santa friends about these and they each got a pair too . We all wore them at our Santa school in Santa Claus , Indiana and were they ever a big hit with the other Santa 's . Everything was sent as described and I will buy from again .
 I never thought I would find something like this especially in time for Christmas , thank you so much - they are awesome looking and the recipient will absolutely LOVE them as a Christmas Gift . I will be a returning customer for life .
 Being a Santa these shoes ar GREAT ! They take me back to my childhood and what I do now . How fun . I get so many complaments.Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 Not what I expected but I was pleasantly surprised once they arrived . Delivery took forever because of the processing of the order ...
 This clog is sleek , durable , cleans easily , and has MAXIMUM comfort . I 've had this pair of shoes for years and even throw them into the washing machine when they 're really muddy . A little black polish and I 'm ready to go again . Superior shoe for the price - I wish all shoes were made this well .
 I am so glad I purchased 2 pair of these shoes . They fit true to size and they make your feet sing because of the comfort . Great support and heel height . Need more colors .
 These shoes fit well and shock absorbent . They are dressy casual and do n't appear therapeutic , which I like . ; -RRB-
 THis shoe slides right on and it is sooooo comfortable . Nice looking sleek and feels good . I am considering ordering another pair to have after these are worn out . Love them for casual running around . Loads of comfort !
 These are quite comfortable , true to size , and I get numerous compliments every time I wear them . I never heard of What 's what brand previously , but I 'll seek them out now .
 These golf shoes are the sharpest I 've seen -- and according to hubby -- the most comfortable ! The style is very eye-catching as I bought the white with orange . He reports they are light and have great arch support . I think he will request HI-TEC from now on !!
 The shoes were great and one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . Worth every penny ...
 I LOVE THEM . THEY ARE CUTE ON MY FEET . GOT LOTS OF COMPLIMENTS ON THEM .
 The fit was true to slightly snug . good constuction , I was expecting made in London , but `` made in India '' was on the box . The color was perfect -LRB- very dark brown -RRB- and the shoe does look good dress up or down .
 Perfect !! By far one of the best pair of shoes that I have -- they feel like they were custom made for my feet . Classy , sleek , beautiful !
 The Ted Baker Capone is bound to garner you plenty of compliments and second glances . Theses shoes are immensely stylish with an elevated heel , a tapered toe and a striking engraved buckle . One of the best features of the shoe is the tapered squared toe but the little details are what make the Capone shine . The effect of the hand-stitching must be seen to be believed ; it is masterfully done and yet another superb aspect of the shoe . Lastly , the leather insole and intricate printed lining add an amazing feel of refinement and decadence to the shoe . These beautiful features truly separate this shoe from your run-of-the-mill dress shoe and is bound to add flair and sophistication to your evenings out on the town.It must be said , however , that the stylishness of the tapered toe compromises a good degree of comfort . The shoes are purportedly standard -LRB- medium -RRB- width but rest assured that they are a very snug fit . In fact , I would only recommend these shoes for those with thinner than average feet as I 've even ordered a size up to no avail . As your feet swell through the course of the day , your feet might feel as if they are in a vice . I have adopted the habit of wearing the Capones for a few hours before switching to a more comfortable pair of shoes later in the day.With everything considered , the Ted Baker Capone makes a worthy addition to anyone 's wardrobe as long as it is understood that they can be uncomfortable for those that do not have narrow feet .
 I just received this shoe in the mail and it is soooo hot !!! The pink is VERY bright and I love it !!!! This picture does these shoes no justice ... they are gorgeous !! It is now the brightest shoe in my collection and I have over 100 pairs of shoes . I wish they had it in black as well in my size but I like them so much I 'm going to buy a black pair at retail price ...
 the satin is a nice change from canvas wedges . it dresses up sun dresses and looks great with a pair of jeans . they are also very comfortable and true to size .
 I was so sketical about ordering shoes online because I like to try them on , but these shoes were beautiful and they fit well . Love the height and they are still easy to walk in .
 These shoes are so nice ! At first I thought the satin straps by my toes were too tight , but I fixed that by loosening up the ankle straps . They fit perfectly ! You can wear them with almost anything . They 're so sexy but also classy . They fit true to size . If you 're reluctant about the height , the platform makes them so much more comfortable . Hurry up and buy a pair before they 're sold out !
 Great little party shoes . Elegant but tough enough to run around in without slipping over . Be sure to get the correct size and width -LRB- up to 1/2 size bigger than actual seems to work fine for us , but any more would be a trip hazard -RRB- . They are a tailored fit with no slop and will not allow for thick socks underneath . They cry out to be worn with cutsie knit tights -LRB- try old Navy Tights , just the right weight for these shoes -RRB- .
 These golf shoes are the sharpest I 've seen -- and according to hubby -- the most comfortable ! The style is very eye-catching as I bought the white with orange . He reports they are light and have great arch support . I think he will request HI-TEC from now on !!
 This is great pair of shoes for casual occassions . Excellent quality and very owm style .
 I bought the navy & white striped JoeAnne sneaker before I went on vacation . I took them with me -LRB- along with 11 other pairs of shoes -RRB- and wore them with a couple of casual outfits . They are a a nice pair that matches well with casual duds . As for comfort , they are a flat bottomed shoe with no support . I do not have a problem with walking in flat bottomed shoes , but you do , I would suggest to not wear them day in & day out . I received a few comments on how `` cute '' these sneakers looked when I wore them . They are definately a nice addition to my overwhelming supply of shoes . Usually , you ca n't go wrong with Tommy Hilfiger .
 GREAT SHOES ! THE EASE OF SLIP-ON IS WONDERFUL . THESE SHOES ARE VERY SUPPORTIVE AS WELL . I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYBODY !
 The Mezlan 's were shipped quickly and price was better than retailers .
 Very cute booties for my baby . I bought them for my 4 month old - she would wear a size 1-2 according to the size chart , however , these run very large so she kicks them off . I would say the run almost two sizes to large . Still very cute and well made . We will try just tightening the Velcro .
 When I received these little moccasins , my heart melted . They are for my granddaughter . They are the most precious little moccasins ever . I know they will look adorable on her .
 We just received these shoes and absolutely love them . I will say something about the sizing though , My daughter wears a 5 usually , but after reading the other reviews I decided to order a 4 and they fit her perfectly ! Order a size down definetely . The velcro helps them stay on . I will be ordering more !
 I purchased these as a gift for a girlfriend who just had a little girl . They are very cute and I think will be a fun & unique gift for my friend . Hope she & her new little one like them !
 Very cute booties . They definitely run 1 size bigger . My little guy grew into them and absolutely we love them !
 These are my favorite shoes on my daughter and they make me smile when she wears them . Highly recommend them . Some problems keeping them velcro 'd but worth the trouble .
 I love Minnetonka shoes but these are still a little big for my twins ' 8-month old feet . As soon as they fit , they will wear these frequently .
 Not my best purchase . I sized down to a size 5 for my 16 month old who is wearing size 6 with an itsy bit of room . These were still so huge they fall off her feet . I will keep them because it costs about five dollars to send them back , and considering the total price , that will be just plain dumb . I would only buy these if I were willing to gamble and did n't need these right now . They are cute and well made . I got the brown .
 Just received my first grandsons first pair of moccasins . They are precious and at 14 months he seems to enjoy them . He can walk quite well with them compared to regular foot wear.Another reviewer had suggested that you order a size smaller than what they are wearing currently . And that advice was spot on . He is wearing a regualr size six and we ordered a size 5 , they are almost perfect . He even has some room to grow into them . The are well made of pretty thick yet supple leather.The only thing I am not sure about is the velcro for the closure , seems a bit small to me but we just got them today , so I will have to report back on that . We look forward to letting him run in them tomorrow.All I can say for parents or grandparents , they are worth what you pay for them . The kids enjoy them alot but I think we adults get a bigger kick out of them . We still have our younger sons first pair of Minnetonka moccassins to give to his children . And we intend to save this grandchilds to hand down also.I would suggest for toddlers get front closing ones for they are easier to get on them . When they get older the ones with the closure on the back work well and they like that thay look like `` real '' old time moccasins .
 These are great ! Love the velcro so they are easy to get on and off . Padded sole so I believe they are more of a toddler shoe . When I purchased them I was expecting them to be smaller since they say `` infant '' however , they are definitely Toddler sizing .
 Good quality , well constructed and fit well . Unfortunately children outgrow shoes so fast ! Fortunately these should stand up to being passed down to a few grandchildren . Minnetonka has an outstanding return/exchange policy .
 These moccasins were purchased for our 2 year old granddaughter and she loves them . They are comfortable , not binding and come in a nice color selection . The size runs about a half size big but the velcro strap style makes it okay , as well as being a safe style for her to wear on any floor , and up and down stairs . She wants to wear them all the time .
 I love giving these as a gift for a new baby . so cute ! Parents love the velcro .
 Our daughter will not wear any shoes ... she seems to be able to kick every pair off . And these are perfect ! They are truly the first pair of shoes she has worn and she is 9.5 months . Definitely order a little smaller as our daughter does n't have super petite feet and she fits perfectly in the two . Oh , and they can `` Eat '' them and so far the color has n't changed :-RRB- I am now ordering the next size up so we can always have these !
 These shoes are perfect for little feet when your toddler is walking and you have a floor furnace in house . We love this item !!!!
 I ordered the pink moccasins and was expecting them to be a light pink like they appear in the picture , but they are bright pink ! Bummer ... Did anyone else have this problem ?? Darling , just not what I ordered .
 Cool boots - 100 % natural material.My son loved it.Good competetitor to UGGs which prices for baby stuff are just soaring .
 These shoes are awesome . The materials are so soft , my baby loved walking in them immediately . Other reviews state the shoes run big , and they do . My baby is starting to wear size 5 's and I ordered her size 4 , which she fits in with some room to grow.She 's gotten so many compliments on these little booties already . They are very cute and best of all comfortable for her little feet .
 Very cute for my little boy ! He was in a 5.5 when we bought these . after reading the reviews that they were made large I purchased a 5 which were still too big . So I kept them and ordered a 4 in another style that fit ! It 's crazy how much bigger the 5 is than the 4 ! But he has yet to wear them and is now in a 6 . They will probably fit him now -LRB- for a little while at least . -RRB- My one year old ca n't walk on hard surfaces in these because the bottoms are soooo slick I 'm afraid he will fall ! Can we get some traction please ?
 These are extremely adorable . Great quality and comfort for my child . She never wants to take them off . Over and beyond pleased with this purchase .
 These are adorable and after reading the reviews I made sure to buy smaller than my daughter needed -- but they are still huge ! She is an 18/19 -LRB- 3.5-4 -RRB- so I bought the 3 but maybe I should have bought the 2 ! They 're really cute though and seem to be very well made .
 These are the best boots ever . I have had problems with foot pain for almost a year and these boots really help with it . They keep my foot stable and that wonderful Ariat footbed is great . I like that it is replaceable . I really like that . I generally replace my insoles fairly regularly . Comfortable right out of the box . No issues at all .
 I 've had them a little over a week and worn them every single day . These are exactly the boots I have been longing for , for years . Every other boot I 've had pales by comparison . Would wear them to bed if I could . And I do n't even own a horse . Lovely !
 These boots are very comfortable right out of the box . Good fit . No stiffness or `` breaking in '' time . I did spray them with waterproofing .
 love the boots . very comfortable and solid . seller was very accomadating when order was lost by shipper . overall , very pleased with purchase .
 I have owned these boots for about a year now . I wear them to work everyday . They are so comfy ! No other boots I have tried compare to the comfort of these boots . They have held up very well for being worn everyday . I want another pair to wear for good .
 I had trouble getting these boots on initially , but with thin socks , I not only got them on , but wore them for hours . Now , after 3 or 4 wearings , I 'm able to wear them with slightly thicker socks . I do n't know how Ariat does it , but the support in the footbed is so good , that I 'm not aware I 'm even wearing them . I completely forget about my feet ! I now own 6 pairs of Ariats from clogs to cowboy boots to English riding boots . I 've yet to be disappointed .
 I absolutely love theses boots ! I have n't stopped wearing them since I received them a few weeks ago . They fit well and are very comfortable after breaking them in a little . My only complaint is that they squeak quite a bit when walking .
 I have ordered several of the Geox brand shoes for my daughter this past year . Before this year I did not know that Geox existed . I am so pleased with the durability and different styles of the Geox shoe . They have girly type shoes yet they have the durability of a mountain climbing shoe ! They are awesome and I love them . She gets so many compliments and the prices are unbelievable ! I never wanted to buy her a pair of light up sneakers cause they were all made of cheap hard plastic and they were not flexible in the least . Her Geox light up sneakers are of high quality leather and they are bendable and stylish . Geox shoes are children friendly!Paula BinionAugusta , Georgia
 My daughter loves these sneakers . She does not like to wear socks , so she 's usually barefoot in her shoes . These sneakers actually have kept her feet stink-free . I 'm looking to buy myself a pair ...
 Based on feedback from others that I read on your site , I decided to order a size up for my daughter . She is usually a 9 or 9 1/2 , but we went with a 10 and they are a perfect fit . She loves the shoes - great ventilation on the court . She says she can feel the air coming into the shoe when she runs . Nice looking , too . Would definitely recommend !
 This is a very comfortable shoe ! I was happy to find it in hard to find navy blue . I worked a 12 hour day wearing these shoes for the first time ! mlddc
 Love these shoes ! They run wide , so make sure you get the right width . I purchased one pair that I ca n't keep on , and waited too long to return them . These are a really comfortable ` dressy ' shoe !
 This shoe is the most comfortable shoe in my closet . It is very dressy , yet very comfortable ... what more can I say .
 I am a professional that has responsibilities over a few transporation operations ... walking them to check things out is a big distance to cover and I needed a decent looking professional YET VERY comfortable cushioned pair of shoes that would get me through the day without my feet hurting and being very swollen . I am happy with my Clark 's ... they do the job !! I just wish I would have known or run into them many years ago . Thanks !
 Clarks shoes I have known to be of good quality , but I always hesitated to buy them because of their high price . However , my first Clarks shoes which were originally priced at $ 84.75 were priced at $ 29.75 and with free shipping at that . I took a chance as to what size will fit me . I know from past pairs of shoes that I have bought , narrow size wo n't fit my feet even if I take size 6.5 -LRB- narrow -RRB- . This time I ordered size 6W . And equally important my Clarks Women 's Metti Low Pump are dressy , based on others ' reviews and my judgement . Likewise I can not handle high heels , but I would like to look taller too . When I got my Clarks shoes , I was so pleased , I kept trotting in my house in them to test how comfortable they truly are , satisfied with their style and and how they flatter my feet . I wanted to order another pair -LRB- black was what I really wanted in the first place , but I had ordered Aerosoles black pair of shoes which they in the end canceled -RRB- . The Clarks shoes went back to the original $ 84.75 price . However , I was always on the watch at Amazon.com . Eventually , they went down to $ 59.75 something and what the heck even if am a bargain hunter , I paid the price because my other pairs of shoes that did not satisfy me cost me more than that . Now am in the posession of two Clarks Women 's Metti Low Pump , 6W -LRB- one dark brown and one black -RRB- . I have never been so contented , happy for the bargain price , comfort and style of closed shoes with manageable heels in my life as with my recent orders of Clarks shoes . I especially recommend this particular brand and style and size for those whose feet are somewhat wide and yet are wanting to look stylish in them .
 Personally , am finding it hard to make the transition to a shorter , more comfortable , heel but have found it necessary just the same . For a low , broader heel , show these are cuter than most and will work with both pants and skirts .
 I bought this shoe because it was a Clarks . As with a previous review , it is critical that the buyer is told where the shoe is made . This was made in China and usually find that shoes made in China are not `` true '' fits but tend to be a little narrower & shorter . As one reviewer stated being out of the country makes it expensive to return . So I stuff them with paper for a few days , but the first few wears are not that comfortable . The shoe however is a very classy look , especially for those of us who can not wear high heels
 The shoes were excellent however were too large for me . I did have to return them and received a credit very efficiently.Thank you for your service .
 I love a stylish shoe , but comfort is tops and these shoes fit both . I can stand all day in them . The only drawback is the rubber sole squeaks on the tile floors I walk on . Very true to size .
 This is a pretty comphy shoe , plenty wide and a nice hight . My one complaint might be that there seems to be a bit of a prominent seem where little decorative strap meets the outside side of the shoe . It is n't bad and may not bother everyone , I find just tugging on that little strap adjusts it enough it does n't bother me anymore .
 Delivery was very fast . Great customer service . Very nice looking shoe . Unfortunately , I had to return it because it did n't feel comfortable on my foot . However , this so not to say that the shoe may very well be comfortable on someone 's elses foot . I had surgery many years ago on my left foot . As a result I have trouble finding shoes that are comfortable .
 I originally bought these shoes in a size too small -LRB- size 8 -RRB- so I had to send them back and I reordered the right size -LRB- 8.5 -RRB- . I found my feet have gotten bigger ! Anyways , these are the best quality , style and comfort for the money . I bought them in brown , and they are a very rich color brown . Similar shoes are at least twice as much on sale . The amazon.com return procedure of a shipping label included in the package made it so easier to ship them back , and I received my refund very quickly . I always try to buy from Amazon.com as the seller , as they are very quick , prompt , easy to deal with so far ! Stay that way !
 These shoes are really comfortable , great for rushing through the airport with a heavy bag ... and they look good with either slacks or a skirt . The little strap adds a fun , dressy touch . The quality is very good - mine have worn extremely well .
 As an instructor who spends most of the day on her feet , I am always searching for a comfortable shoe that looks nice . This is a great shoe - bought it in navy , and may buy it in every color !
 I love Clark shoes as I have a bunion on one foot and it is so difficult to find shoes that are both comfortable and attractive . These shoes are not only comfortable , but they are attractive enough to wear with business suits , skirts , etc. . I love them so much that I bought two pair in two colors ! Yay for Clark 's !
 I generally like Clarks shoes , they are very well built and beautifully designed . These shoes are quite good looking , reasonably dressy and extremely comfortable , one could wear them all day .
 I really like these shoes they are just a little around the toe . I just needs a little more wearing to stretch them out a little bit .
 These shoes are very comfortable . As other reviews mention , the size runs a little small so I 'm glad I purchased them a half size bigger than I usually wear . Thanks reviewers for sharing this info .
 A very good gift to my mom . She likes the sheos and wears it very comfortalbe . The dark blue color is nice . Importantly , it only costs $ 25.00 . A great buy .
 I saw these shoes several years ago and really liked them but could n't justify spending $ 80 on something I would rarely wear . So when I found them at less than half that price AND all the size options on another website , I could n't resist . Before buying them I read all the reviews and they were mixed , but it kept coming up that these shoes run narrow . So I went to a local store and tried on several pairs of Clarks Artisan collection to find what would work -LRB- no local store carries the Metti -RRB- . My normal shoe size is a 7 or 7.5 M with it most often being a 7.5 . When I tried on the 7.5 M in the store , the length was great , but it was too tight at my toes . When I tried the 7.5 W , it was too long and wide . It took a while but they finally found a 7W -LRB- it was the only one left among several different styles of the Artisan collection -RRB- . It was probably the most perfect fit I have found in a dress shoe . Needless to say I went home and ordered the brown and black and am very pleased . They fit slightly different than the ones I tried on , but the foot bed is the same and it is still a great fit with the heel being slightly loose . This is the first time I have bought a W shoe size , but with this collection I would suggest it to those that normally wear M 's . My disclaimer is that I rarely wear or buy dress shoes . The shoes I wear almost constantly for the past 4 years has been a Keen slip-on , if that tells you anything .
 I bought these for my 17 year old son . He saw them first on another webside , I did my own research and found the best price for these on Amazon.com . My son is very much into his total `` look '' and when he wore these to school , everyone had good comments for them .
 These are the best boots ever . I have had problems with foot pain for almost a year and these boots really help with it . They keep my foot stable and that wonderful Ariat footbed is great . I like that it is replaceable . I really like that . I generally replace my insoles fairly regularly . Comfortable right out of the box . No issues at all .
 I 've had them a little over a week and worn them every single day . These are exactly the boots I have been longing for , for years . Every other boot I 've had pales by comparison . Would wear them to bed if I could . And I do n't even own a horse . Lovely !
 These boots are very comfortable right out of the box . Good fit . No stiffness or `` breaking in '' time . I did spray them with waterproofing .
 love the boots . very comfortable and solid . seller was very accomadating when order was lost by shipper . overall , very pleased with purchase .
 I have owned these boots for about a year now . I wear them to work everyday . They are so comfy ! No other boots I have tried compare to the comfort of these boots . They have held up very well for being worn everyday . I want another pair to wear for good .
 I had trouble getting these boots on initially , but with thin socks , I not only got them on , but wore them for hours . Now , after 3 or 4 wearings , I 'm able to wear them with slightly thicker socks . I do n't know how Ariat does it , but the support in the footbed is so good , that I 'm not aware I 'm even wearing them . I completely forget about my feet ! I now own 6 pairs of Ariats from clogs to cowboy boots to English riding boots . I 've yet to be disappointed .
 I absolutely love theses boots ! I have n't stopped wearing them since I received them a few weeks ago . They fit well and are very comfortable after breaking them in a little . My only complaint is that they squeak quite a bit when walking .
 The boots are waterproof and THICKLY sealed.They are ideal for walking in muddy -LRB- wet -RRB- and snowy terrain.They are WATERPROOF and as such are not ideal for working inside or driving in -LRB- SO thick that you can not feel the gas pedal -RRB-
 These are the best boots ever . I have had problems with foot pain for almost a year and these boots really help with it . They keep my foot stable and that wonderful Ariat footbed is great . I like that it is replaceable . I really like that . I generally replace my insoles fairly regularly . Comfortable right out of the box . No issues at all .
 I 've had them a little over a week and worn them every single day . These are exactly the boots I have been longing for , for years . Every other boot I 've had pales by comparison . Would wear them to bed if I could . And I do n't even own a horse . Lovely !
 These boots are very comfortable right out of the box . Good fit . No stiffness or `` breaking in '' time . I did spray them with waterproofing .
 love the boots . very comfortable and solid . seller was very accomadating when order was lost by shipper . overall , very pleased with purchase .
 I have owned these boots for about a year now . I wear them to work everyday . They are so comfy ! No other boots I have tried compare to the comfort of these boots . They have held up very well for being worn everyday . I want another pair to wear for good .
 I had trouble getting these boots on initially , but with thin socks , I not only got them on , but wore them for hours . Now , after 3 or 4 wearings , I 'm able to wear them with slightly thicker socks . I do n't know how Ariat does it , but the support in the footbed is so good , that I 'm not aware I 'm even wearing them . I completely forget about my feet ! I now own 6 pairs of Ariats from clogs to cowboy boots to English riding boots . I 've yet to be disappointed .
 I absolutely love theses boots ! I have n't stopped wearing them since I received them a few weeks ago . They fit well and are very comfortable after breaking them in a little . My only complaint is that they squeak quite a bit when walking .
 These boots are amazing the toughness is second to none . the leather is a little stiff but wear em for a week and you 'll love them the ATS cushion is great and the grip is superior .
 My daughter LOVES them ! Very comfy , might wan na consider order half size bigger because of the thick shearling lining ; thick socks might be worn together in the winter months . Everyone thought we spent a fortune on these and they do look good !
 These are so adorable , my daughter loves them and wears them all the time .
 These boots are soooooooooooo cute and cuddly . I love the look and they are well made as well . This is my second Little Laundry purchase and I am sold !!! My friends thought I had spent a fortune . They are now using Amazon too . This type of fashion at super-sale-prices ! Wowsers . I am actually envious of my daughter . I did n't have anything close to this cool when I was 5 .
 I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY LITTLE GIRL , SHE LOVES THEM.SHE GET ALOT OF COMPLIMENTS ON THEM.QUALITY IS GREAT AND THEY TEND TO RUN BIG ...
 my little one loves these and they seem to be very comfortable and roomy-they look like uggs
 My daughter loves them.They have a good tread on them and they are very comfy.She can not wait until winter to go in to the snow with them
 My daughter loved her new boots from Santa ! I was concerned when I was sent a size 13.5 instead of a 3.5 BUT all worked out - the exchange was speedy and I had the correct size boots within 2 days ! That was awesome . We recently had a `` chilly '' couple days here in South Florida and my daughter was able to wear her Snuggy Boots to school .
 These boots are just adorable ! Very thick soft lining and cute decal on the front . Nice flexible sole . My daughter loved them .
 I bought these for my six year old grand daughter . She really loved them ! They feel like a snuggy teddy bear inside .
 I was a little worried about ordering boots online for my daughter , but I am glad I did . I recieved them in 3 days and they are more adorable in person than the picture showed . the size is perfect and I am very pleased with them . My daughter loves them too . The price is unbeatable !! even with the shipping they where still cheaper than my local department store . I will definatly be ordering more now .
 These boots are adorable . My 7 year old was so excited to receive them . They look similar to my UGG boots but 1/3 of the price .
 We just got these today and my daughter loves them ! Since we got the free shipping , I thought it might take a week or so . But I ordered them Monday and got them Thursday . That was GREAT ! Of course it 's not even remotely cold here yet , but my daughter wanted to wear them around the house since they are so fluffy and comfy on the inside.These are a great buy !
 I ordered these shoes in the blue . They are extremely cute ! However , I would say these run at least 1/2 size to a full size smaller . The blue is also much brighter than pictured . Overall , they are a very cute pair of shoes but I would recommend ordering a size larger than your normal shoe size .
 I 've owned two pairs of these shoes . I bought them for work when standing on concrete and sometimes on slippery fluids , but still wanting a dress shoe as opposed to a full-on work boot . They exceeded my expectations . By far the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn , especially great for standing on concrete for a full day . Resistant to water and dirt , they clean up easily with a light wipedown and wax polish . I 've gotten oils , fuels and lots of water on them . Still look brand new on top . Traction is excellent even on slick metal or painted surfaces when wet . I 've walked on metal shavings and other sharp objects with no penetration or objects stuck to the sole.The first pair lasted for two years of heavy use , which I was very happy with . I 'm a male , 200 lbs + . One of the soles finally split along the ball of the foot , allowing water to penetrate -LRB- i.e. puddles in the parking lot -RRB- . The soles were still very thick and showed minimal wear.The second pair only lasted for one year with moderate use before one of the soles split . I was disappointed and emailed Wolverine to see if a warranty existed . I got no reply . That 's the reason for 4-stars as opposed to 5 . The Good
 I 'm on my feet for 12 - 18 hours a day sometimes . These are the best and most comfortable shoes I have owned . I will be ordering the other color soon and a backup black pair .
 According to my husband
 I absolutely fell in love with these shoes - they were very comfortable and the heel was not difficult to deal with . However , I really needed brown shoes and since they did n't come in brown I got the copper as a consolation prize . I realized when I got them that they were not very practical at all for the clothes I needed to match . Anyhow , if you can get away with copper , order your normal size and you 'll be happy .
 My twin 6 year olds had been begging me for clogs for months , we had a tough time finding ones we liked in their size . I did not want high platform heavy wooden ones , so these were a perfect compromise ... flexible and not too high , easier to walk in than other clogs they 've tried . Like most StrideRite shoes they fit perfectly and are very comfortable . We get tons of compliments on them and they go with everything . Reasonably priced .
 I 've been looking for this specific color and style and went to every athletic shoe store in Phoenix and Las Vegas but could not find it until i happened to look on Amazon . They , of course , had it and i ordered it immediately . It took a little longer than expected to get the shoes but once they were here i slipped them on and they fit like a glove .
 I like these shoes very much , i have bought over 12 pairs of shoes from amazon , and these rank in my top 3 pairs . Very white , very easy to keep clean . I have wide feet , and these are not tight at all .
 The Puma Men 's Roma Shoe is simple but classy , yet good for everyday use . A great selection of colors assures that you 'll find a pair just right to fit your personality and wardrobe . Not only do these shoes look good , but they feel good also . I assure you will be satisfied with these shoes that will make you and your feet smile !
 I just bought my second pair of Warmbats -- they are so comfortable I never want to take them off ! From hiking to shopping , they look and feel great no matter what I 'm doing . I 'd definitely recommend Warmbats to anyone who 's looking for a high-quality sheepskin boot .
 OMG - I love these boots ! I am a huge fan of sheepskin boots - that 's all I wear . Everything that Warmbat says about their boots is true.The sole is padded and flexible making them so easy to walk around in . The twin-faced sheepskin feels luxuriously snug , warm , and soft around my leg . And the style of the boot is so cute , and can be so sexy when worn with a short skirt , or shorts , and especially denim cut-offs ! The fact that they are made in an eco-friendly manner is also a big plus . I am so getting more colors !
 Warm and comfortable . Stood outside over 3 hours in Punxsutawney Pennsylvania on Ground Hog Day and feet never got cold !
 The delivery time was excellent -LRB- in plenty of time for Christmas -RRB- . The quality of the boot is second to none and the price was more than reasonable . I have seen this same boot/item for almost double the price . Highly recommend the item and the site .
 I absolutely fell in love with these shoes - they were very comfortable and the heel was not difficult to deal with . However , I really needed brown shoes and since they did n't come in brown I got the copper as a consolation prize . I realized when I got them that they were not very practical at all for the clothes I needed to match . Anyhow , if you can get away with copper , order your normal size and you 'll be happy .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 My wife told me that they are very easy to put on and take off and that they are perfect for her stroller walks/exercise ! She also preferred amazon 's price over dep . store prices !
 My daughter loves them and the wide size for her stubby little feet were a perfect match . The leather streched perfectly around her foot . We had acctually gone to a couple of local stores so we knew the size she needed , but they did n't have the right color . All transactions went smooth .
 I am very happy with my slippers . They were just what I expected and the customer service from National was very good.I will order from National again .
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 I purchased a pair of 6 '' normal toe grizzlies back in Jan of 1998 . Since then , I have replaced the insoles about every 6 months . I used to spend 50-55 hours a week on concrete working with pallets , iron pipe , concretemix , anything else you could beat on in a warehouse . Since then I 'm only pushing 40 hours but it 's the same stuff . These boots have always been comfortable . Friday , I tore the left boot really bad in a workplace incident . I 'm getting another pair tomorrow , no other boot will do . Period . Just talked to the same guy that sold me the boots six years ago . G&L Clothing knows their stuff !
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have bought.They are well made and fit great.The first pair I bought lasted almost 5 years with daily use.They are still in good enough shape to wear around my place.The old pair had no problems.No broken eyelets , no broken laces , and the soles are still in good shape.I will continue to buy Carolina boots.American made as an added bonus .
 An excellent sandal , quality and comfort . Superb low price compared to in stores . Speedy delivery ! Five Star on all counts !
 Excellent adidas Power Band golf shoes . Comfortable the first time I put the shoes on to play golf . No breaking in period . Highly recommended . Would purchase another pair from Amazon .
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 My purchase of these adidas went perfectly . The product is great and there were no problems what so ever . Donna .
 i fall in love with these shoes the moment i saw them ! and i loved them more when i tried them :D ... comfortable and stylish and sexy ... i wish they were availble in silver are well
 -LSB- I have edited this review . I would now give these boots a one-star rating -RSB- I have worn these boots sparingly over the past year -LRB- only when it 's very cold and/or wet -RRB- . The boots are not abused and have plenty of tread left on the bottom . During this time the padding/cushion in the back of the boot has become bunched and created a knot . I 'm now unable to wear these boots without my foot becoming rubbed raw.I believe this is a manufacturing or engineering defect . If you feel the padding on the back of the boot with your fingers , you will notice that it is thicker in some places and thinner in others.I also had to replace the soles in these almost immediately . The bottom of the inside of the shoe is covered in a fabric that is slippery , which cause the factory soles to get bunched up -LRB- I walk a lot -RRB- . I replaced them with gel soles and the problem was solved.I have contacted Nautilus and their response is that any claim must be made with the original retailer . I do n't feel like I got my money 's worth.I would not recommend purchasing these boots . I 'm disappointed in the Nautilus policy and quality of this footwear and will no longer buy their products .
 I was able to get this pair of boots on a good sale and they are a bit hard on my feet because I have to break them in and these shoes are really stiff and sturdy so I will have to wear them a lot in order to break them in . They are stylish and popular . They are a half size too small for my feet since my feet have grown to a size 8 but they are a Wide so my feet should be okay in them .
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 I own these snickers for a couple of months now . They are light , flexible , and provide a good support for the feet but that requires to tighten the laces harder then you would normally do since the these snickers are too shallow in the upper section -LRB- at least for me -RRB- and the reed is surprisingly narrow.One more thing
 I love adidas shoes , and this particular one are very nice to wear with anything .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 I was disappointed that the color of the shoes looks more black than navy blue , but it does allow me to wear them with black or blue outfits . They are a little tight to start with , but with wear , I hope they will loosen a bit . Otherwise , they are fine .
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 When I was in gradeschool in the 80 's these were the `` it '' shoe to have . I 'm so glad they 're still around . I ordered a pair for her now and a pair for later . They are mega comfy and as always , fit true to size . I made sure to spray with waterproofer to keep them beautifully white . We got the fuschia sole and they 're adorable on her . The perfect sneaker . The price was so much cheaper I had to buy two .
 Bought these as a gift and they are beautiful . My friend loves them . Very pretty and feel wonderful on your feet . Price can not be beat !
 I was looking for a pair of shoes to go with a lavender , knee-length dress . The dress had a retro feel to it , very Audrey Hepburn . I did not want to get matching shoes - that would have too much of a bridesmaid feel to it . I did n't want to spend too much money on the shoes as well . When I found this pair of shoes , it was just perfect ! The heel is n't too wobbly like a stiletto and it 's sooooooo comfortable . I wore them to a wedding with my lavender dress , and for once , my feet did n't ache after a few hours . I thought they were going to be slipping off and on my feet , but because there is a strap that secures the big toe , it did n't slip off at all ! The best part ? I thought that I would n't be able to wear these shoes with any other dress , but since there are different colored crystals -LRB- lavender/pink , blue , green -RRB- , I 've worn these shoes with different colored dress from multi-color blue to a rosy pink . I am definitely getting my money 's worth . Major thumbs up !!!
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 These cleats didnt take any breaking in at all ... Never had a blister . This is my second pair ... the elather is soft , which is why they are so easy to break in , and comfort is great . One down side is the toe part will split after some time ... but I am tough on my cleats . I love that you can change out the insert and make them a super lightweight cleat too . I recommend this shoe !
 The kangaroo skin version of this shoe is more expensive , but worth the extra money if you need a shoe that is soft , conformable and comfortable . If your feet see a lot of the pitch , it 's a good choice .
 Purchased these cleats for my daughter and she says they are great . She always wears adidas as they generally wear very well . Love the price .
 I really wanted a good , quality pair of cleats that wo n't wear out fast and I was really happy when found these ! I have used them in 3 three hour practices so far and I have not gotten a single blister . They 're comfortable , look good , and play well .
 I had this shoe for over 3 years and they still rock ! They are comfortable and stylish . Another great buy .
 These shoes are hot better than the picture super comfortable and everytime I wear them I get so many compliments .
 Buy these sneakers in 20 dollars , other than that they fit well you can change the color lines and used with different colors of clothing.definitely a good deal
 What else is there to say , this shoe is a timeless classic and at under $ 40 is a must buy .
 I looked everywhere for this shoe . Amazon was the only place that I could find it . They are so comfortable and they look great . I love how you can change the strips on the side of the shoe .
 Adidas basketball superstar sneaks wear comfortable . Though very new , they seem durable and a GR8 BUY !
 I ordered these boots Friday afternoon and the box arrived Monday morning . The fit is perfect and my feet are a bit wider than `` normal '' . These boots appear to be made well ; the entire boot is well insulated , the sole is very sturdy and has nice deep groves for traction and they are very comfortable to walk around in . I will definitely buy from endless.com in the future .
 I am a utility meter reader and have to do plenty of walking in my boots . These are nice and warm , even with thin socks . I wish they had a bit more support , but as boots go , they do have more support than most I 've tried . Also , I have very wide feet and would have preferred to have the boots in `` wide '' width if they had been offered , but I am managing OK with the `` average '' width .
 I bought these after my old Sorel 's tread finally wore out . These are great . HOwever , if you have a wide foot -- as a woman , you might want to consider a man 's boot . I 'm in the process of `` streatching '' the right boot just a bit . They keep my feet warm -LRB- I work at a ski area -RRB- , they are comfortable and I would buy them again !
 I take the bus to work , so wanted boots that would keep my feet warm while waiting , and would be quick and easy to put on and take off . These work wonderfully!They 're warm , accomodate thin or thicker socks well , provide great traction on slippery surfaces , are completely waterproof , do n't require a shoe horn to put on or someone else to pry off , and the zipper stays in place.They 're the best winter boots that I 've ever owned !
 Best Boot I have owned in years . Has held up to the wear of winter snow and slush here in Michigan . My feet are always warm and never wet . the boot is very soft on the inside and fits true to size . It is easy to walk in and very comfortable .
 These are the most comfortable boots I have ever had . They keep my feet dry and they are very easy to walk in .
 I am very pleased with my Sorel Boots . They are nice and tight and do not slip around . Great support for walking . They are very nice and warm too .
 I live in Chicago and we have been having a somewhat colder and snowier winter than the average here . I had some fantastic old Sorel boots that wore out , and then last year I bought another pair of Sorels where the soles were too smooth and the toes too pointy -- a model they no longer make . I tried two other brands of boots earlier this winter , both coming highly recommended and both were worthless -- so in December I went back to Sorel . These are not only the best of the three boots I purchased this winter , but the best of the Sorels I have ever purchased.Very comfortable -- I bought my normal size , except I wear a wide shoe and I could not find these in wide . No problem -- plenty wide . In fact , they fit just loose enough -LRB- my feet tend to swell so I need some room -RRB- with heavy socks and too loose with thin socks.I walk at least three miles a day in them . No sores , blisters , rubs , etc.Also nice that the top of the boot is wide enough that I can tuck in most of my pants and not drag pant hems through the slush.No problems with wet or cold feet.Only thing is you need to learn how to put them on if you are not used to zip boots -LRB- my others laced -RRB- . Point your foot forward to very easily zip them up . -LRB- If you have your foot flat and your leg straight , they are a little harder to zip . -RRB- Make sure the zipper is all the way up and then push the pull tab down flat so it locks . Otherwise the zipper will slide down as you are walking . If they are locked , the zipper stays put.And , by the way , under the zipper is a closed flap that completely keeps water and slush out . So , yes , they stay waterproof even when slogging through the slush puddles .
 These shoes are durrable as anything and they look pretty nice . I like them alot , the only place they fall short is comfort , they are deffinately not unpleasant to wear , but theyre not the most comfortable shoes ive owned . Get some Dr. Scholes inserts .
 I really like the style of these shoes . I like the fact that I can slip them on and off easily without having to untie the laces . However , they are slightly uncomfortable to walk in after a short while . My other Skechers Seige shoes are much more comfortable .
 I ordered the stone colored pair and I am very pleased , they are better than I thought . They DEFINETLY have the distressed look . They have the look of having been worn for months , yet still have the comfort that good shoes should . I wore these for about 8 + hours on the first day I got them and my feet felt fine , and I am on my feet constantly at my job . Very good buy .
 I feel comfortable while walking and it look 's good when i wear than it 's actual look and on more thing i would like to say about this product is it 's weight yah this shoe is less weight which obivously make you comfortable and easy to walk
 The shoes fit my husband true to size , the actual color is darker than it looks and we like the actual color more than the picture .
 Just got these shoes over Christmas and I am very pleased . Shopped around for these shoes at local department stores and they were anywhere between $ 35 and $ 60 ; I purchased two for $ 40 . They look great and feel comfortable shoes . If you do n't like the designed smudges on the stone just get them in the brown crazyhorse .
 It 's agreed that the shoes look considerably different than the picture Amazon choose to represent them . I ordered mine in `` stone '' and the shoes i received -LRB- a week ago -RRB- are darker than those pictured here and show prominent `` stress marks . '' If this is n't your thing , you 've been warned , in duplicate -LRB- see previous reviews -RRB- . So if you see `` distressed '' and think `` filthy , '' you 'd be best advised to look elsewhere . Looks aside , these shoes have proven very comfortable - think dressed up sneaker . The rubber of the soles is a bit soft compared to that used in similar shoes I 've worn , I predict this will translate into good shock absorption with a relatively short service life ... but let 's face it , at this price point , if these things last 6 months -LRB- I 'm predicting a year of moderate usage -RRB- , they 'd still be a bargain .
 When I checked these shoes in a store they said these were previous season designs ... it could be so but these shoes are really comfortable and very unique . . They look much better in person than off the net ...
 Skechers Men 's Seige Lace Looped OxfordExcellent product recominedo 100 % from Caracas - Venezuela.Excelente producto lo recominedo 100 % desde Caracas-Venezuela .
 The shoes were exactly what I ordered . Took a little while to get here though and the packaging was pretty banged up by the time it got to me . But that probably was n't the fault of the seller . The price was excellent !!
 The shoes look as good as they did in the photo . They are very comfortable and can go with any outfit .
 These shoes are quite comfortable now , but they took about two weeks to break in properly . In the beginning , I actually was considering returning them because of how uncomfortable my feet were by the end of the day . I 'm glad I kept them , though - they look good , they 're comfortable -LRB- now -RRB- , and they 're definitely made well.Other reviews have mentioned that these shoes do n't look exactly like the picture , which is true - they are a little bit darker and have a fair amount of scuffing and marking done by the manufacturer out of the box , but I purchased these expecting them to be like that . I 'm satisfied with them , to be sure , even with the initial rough period .
 I found the shoes to be pretty much what I 'd hoped for , a pair for everyday use that had a certain style and comfortable feel . The shoes have a scruffy look , which works for me . I like them .
 These shoes arrived quicker than I imagined -LRB- next day , when I only have prime 2-day shipping -RRB- , and fit great . They are comfortable , and they are still great today , 2 months later . The only problem is that the shoes are n't the same color as the ones in the picture . The picture depicts it as a whiter shade , while in reality they are much browner . But do n't let the color difference mislead you - these shoes are well worth the money .
 Shoe was as described . And for a stylish pair , it was well worth the price . Free S/H and No Tax charged was a great added feature .
 As people mentioned before , ths shoe does have the ` distressed ' look . If you zoom in on the pictures Amazon has , you can notice it . But they probably vary from shoe to shoe , so yours could have fewer marks , or more . Nothing wrong with them though , the marks will probably fade from being rubbed from normal use I 'm guessing , since they seem to be surface marks and might fade from being worn and have more of a ` real ' broken in look . I think they look fine with the marks , my pants I 'd be wearing these with will probably cover most of the marks anyways . Only qualm I have his that the shoe does n't seem to be good for heavy duty wear . I another pair of Skechers I have had for years and love , and was hoping to find the same quality in these , but not to be the case . Does n't have that same feel , but still $ 20 , not bad . I 'd also mention there is n't much of an arch , but slipping in my Dr Scholl 's will solve the problem . I 'd also mention the extremely good service by Amazon . Order around midnight the 25th , and got it midday the 27th !
 They are nice shoes , I bought them knowing they wouldnt look like the picture from other comments . They have more a yellowish brown color to them . They have scuff marks on them ... Its the look . . kind of like a worn or used look . . -LRB- Just think of ripped jeans -RRB- they are nice and i will wear them . I looked at the pics after i bought them and the only pic that you can barely see one of the scuffs is the picture of the back of the shoe showing the heal ... I paid $ 20
 Just got these and they are very comfortable and look better in person than on the picture . We 'll see how well they hold up to wear , but from first impression and from trying them on I 'm very happy especially for the price.It seems like they do n't lace up as high as most athletic shoes so they a very comfortable and slip on and off easily even while still tied .
 I got the shoe delivered on-time . The quality is really nice and it 's comfortable ... The only drawback is that it has started getting a shade of white at one or two places on the leather but it was written in the brochure that they send you along with the shoes that the leather may get a white shade sometimes ... So , I do n't feel cheated as I already knew about it beforehand ... Overall a SMART shoe . .
 Reading product features -- `` Stone color is distressed for a worn in look and feel `` Yes , the picture does not reflect this . Although doing a little research at Sketchers ' website , you will find that their picture represents the product a whole lot better.Personally I did n't read the part where it says distressed , but who can pass up a bargain like this . Either distressed or not , these shoes would look like that in a few weeks anyways . They are shoes .
 Skechers makes some nice shoes . The fit and feel of these shoes was that of quality materials and craftsmanship . Skechers tend to run a bit large for the stated size . I 'm a 9.5 -LRB- mens US -RRB- , but I can often wear a 9 in Skechers . This shoe -LRB- bone -RRB- looks great with flare-leg blue jeans .
 These shoes have a nice look , but run almost half a size larger . I 'm a 9.5 M and the 9 fits better .
 Great buy for 20 bucks . They look nice and fit well . They are distressed but it is not as bad as I thought it would be from reading the other reviews . They look nice with jeans and a dark shirt . Pretty comfy too .
 To start let me tell you that i bought these shoes AFTER read all the comments and experiences that the other customers wrote ... still for 20 bucks i took the risk and bought them ... to my surprise these pair of shoes were great.I must admit that the shoes that i received are a little bit darker than the ones pictures and yes ... they have this `` Distressed '' look ... but man ... these shoes are great looking ... if you like to wear your `` Worn Jeans '' this shoes will look great ... believe me ! . Regarding the size ... well , all my shoes and soccer boots are 11 and of course i bought these 11 . They fit me perfectly and they arent wide at all.Yes , the sole is thin ... exactly as shown on Amazon 's picture but i disagree that this will traduce in short life.All in all this is a great buy ... for 20 bucks you wont find a better deal on the whole internet for a pair of Shoes .
 I like this model shoe enough to have 2 pair of them , in 2 colors . Quality is good , and they are very comfortable.A couple tips to pass along . Yes these have a distressed look , which shows up more with darker colors . I feel it adds to their character - just beware of this finish . Keep in mind that these go GREAT with worn jeans , so it 's a good match.The other important tip is that these do run large in size . This style has a large toebox already , but they are still a wee bit long . But they are a tad wide as well . Ultimately it 's the insole shape that makes these a shoe that you might want to fall back a size on , or if you wear a half-size , drop the half . As example for me , I normally wear mens 13 . I could wear these in 13 as well and deal with the slightly longer length and width , but size 12 was overall more comfortable for me due to the insole shape and foot positioning . This makes a big difference when you are walking with these.Overall I am very pleased ! I have knocked them back 1 star simply due to their not being true to normal size .
 The color of the pair I received is slightly different from the photo . I was hoping for a light cream/tan color , but instead it 's light brown . If you google-image search these shoes , you 'll see that most of the pics out there are more representative of the actual product than Amazon 's . I saw those pics beforehand so I was n't surprised when I got my shoes , but still a little disappointed . Other than that ... the fit is good , the size is standard -LRB- unlike some manufacturers -RRB- , the sole is thin but surprisingly comfortable . I do n't know if this shoe will actually last a year before falling apart , but whatever . Worth my $ 20 bucks.UPDATE
 I like these shoes and they look & feel great -LRB- especially for $ 20.90 -RRB- . But the other reviewers are definitely right in that they come out of the box with black `` distress '' mark son the sand or cream colored leather . While it 's disappointing that the pictures do n't clearly show that , the marks are applied way too evenly and carefully to not be intentional . I still think they look good , but if you want a `` clean '' looking shoe , this might not be the one .
 The only problem 5.11 has with these boots is that they are incredibly durable and have prevented me from buying another pair for two years . I work in law enforcement and I am very tough on boots . I have worn these boots every day for two years and there is not a single place on the boot where any defects can be seen or felt . The bottom still has plenty of tread whereas other boots I have worn for 6 months have lost all tread on the outside . They are quiet , comfortable , easy to run in , light , have kept my feet dry in downpours , and most of all -- durable . I will continue to wear nothing but HRTs for as long as they are manufactured . Period .
 I originally bought these boots for riding my motorcycle.From this point of view , these have proven to be an excellent choice for motocyclistPROS : - Kevlar protection of vulnerable ankle bone in case of get-off/slide-Boot design is such that repeated use of shift lever does not damage boot-Light , yet well built-Comfortable on and off the bike-Waterproof in extended downpours when worn under waterproof riding pantsCONS : - Traditional lacing gets old when taking on and off , speed laces would be nice.-Not quick to get on or take off.These are excellent boots on any level . I bought them just for riding , but I find I wear them for everything from cutting the grass to casual wear on trips . You do n't want to wear them anywhere you might need to take them off or put them back on in a short time , because they do n't have any type of speed lacing . I have to unlace the top holes and completely loosen the laces all the way down to get them off . However , this means that once they are on , they are not coming off in an accident . They are also amazingly light and comfortable . They remind me of my dedicated running shoes . The liner is removable and my orthotics slide right in . However , even though I have custom made orthotics , I often do n't wear them because these boots are just so comfortable with the factory liner.I 've had these over a year and they are wearing very well . I have no doubt I 'll get a second pair when these wear out , which is probably still a couple of years off at this rate .
 I loved these boots but there was one thing that disapointed me . there are no eyelets for the laces . I have had my boots for about 8 months and although i do still wear them , a few months ago the lace holes wore out and the leather came apart so now there are a few places where the lace has nowhere to go through . other than that I love the boots , they are light and comfortable .
 Im a Flight Nurse , so I work in EMS . These boots were extremely comfortable from day one . They are my favorite boots Ive owned so far . Ive had Bates , Rockies , Oakleys ... these are the best . I think I would order 1/2 size smaller next time , there are a tad bit large , but my foot doesnt slip . Also , I meant to order side zippers , but these boots slip on and off very quickly so Im not slowed down in the middle of the night .
 I bought this boots 3 months ago . They are light weighted and easy to wear them for many hours , but few days ago i wore them in an exercise with the unit where i had to cover a distance of 40 miles of rocky trail carrying full combat equipment , the threads at the middle at the left side of the right side opened wide at the end of the exercise ... The good thing is the inner membrane is intact .
 These are not daily work boots but with extra kick when you need them the most . Whether you are in rain , snow or on desert these are the ones you really need . It can take the beating so its called Tactical !! There are many others that does the same thing but might be too pricy or cheaper but I like these and have n't had any problem lately . Chek it out you will not be disapointed
 I have a narrow foot . Sometimes straps are too wide , but these shoes fit me perfect.The sole was not very padded , so I bought inserts to put inside . Now I find these shoes to be very comfortable .
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 The shoes are comfortable and durable . I love them . I have wider feet , and Adidas is one of the only brands that fit . These , in particular , fit great and have plenty of cushioning . Thumbs up !
 I really liked ! I always liked Adidas and this shoes are very comfortable , light weight and has very nice colors . I recommend it !
 The addidas trail x running shoe has a lot of cushion and support . No sore joints or feet anymore !
 I bought these for my daughter and these shoes are to die for ! Made wonderfully and just beautiful . I do n't mind paying the higher price for a pair of shoes my daughter wants to wear everyday !
 This is all around a good shoe , but it does n't last as long as they used to . I do n't know if the materials have changed , but thesupport does n't last as lo
 I have found these shoes to be comfortable , reasonably priced and that they last for a reasonable amount of time . I wear them every day . Prior to this I found it difficult to find shoes that fit well . I replace the insert with Dr. Scholl 's Massaging Gel Extra Support Insoles and find that this makes a good combination for my feet .
 These are very comfortable shoes and well worth the price . The laces were a bit too long , which is a slight annoyance , but had no adverse affect on the great comfort and fit .
 very good shoes , roomy , spacious , smartthis is from a person with foot problems , pronation etci have tried new balance , rockports etc. . would rate this equal or better .
 I was surprised to find this shoe at such a bargain price . I have very wide feet and require 2X -LRB- EEEEE -RRB- width and Propet is my manufacturer of choice . The shoe is a little snug fitting for the size it is supposed to be , but the leather is giving -LRB- otherwise would have rated 5 stars -RRB- . It is stylish and versatile and WELL worth the money .
 My husband wears a size 17 , and it is very difficult to find him quality shoes in his size that are not outrageously expensive . I purchased him these shoes , and we were amazed at their quality and fit . They fit him perfectly ! We have had them for over a year now , and the shoes still look brand new . I would highly recommend these shoes and this shoe company .
 My mother taught me the importance to taking care of my feet . She often said that shoes that fit well are important to prevent damage to your feetSounds like good advice but for years I have experienced difficulty finding shoes that fit my narrow foot . Regular shoe outlets rarely carried shoes in a narrow size , and those that did were very expensive.Finding proper shoes is no longer a problem because of Propet shoes . Last time I needed a new pair of shoes , instead to visiting a local shoe store or quality department store , I decided to try an Amazon search . Imagine my surprise when several pair of Propet shoes met the search criteria for narrow width -LRB- they also have extra wide -RRB- Amazingly , the first pair I ordered were actually too narrow . When I found a way to measure my feet I found that my feet had changed and I had ordered the wrong size . Propet graciously allowed my to exchange the shoes for a slightly wider pair.My shoes not only fit , they are very well made . These are quality shoes that look nice and strong enough to take frequent wear . I recommend these shoes and this company .
 Reebok because it is only shoes for everyday going . Very comfortable . Unfortunately , another kind of shoes is not so good for me as Reebok .
 I love this style ; have worn them for years . Cut a little smaller but ok -- depends on which country makes them .
 I always purchase these sneakers for nearly 10 yrs ! I love them the only thing is I pay the same in the reebok outlet and Modells as I did on amazon ! They are great ! Also very hard to find in any store other than reebok
 I have had foot and hip problems for years . The shoes keep me walking . If I wear them everyday , I forget that I even have foot problems !
 Merchandise came in quick . Product is exctly as described and well put together . No '' glue '' spots that show or anything of sort like you 'd see coming from a `` cheaper made '' company ! Would definitely recommend to other !
 I have been wearing this shoe for years as I find it wears well and fits my feet.It has elegant lines like a Mercedes but is tough . I stand on concrete floor all day long somy shoes need to be supportive but a cushion to the feet .
 This is the only brand of sneakers I wear . They are comfortable and go with just about anything I wear .
 I love the look and comfort of these classic `` reebies '' . Just do not care for the oversized sport sneakers.They look good with shorts or a casual skirt .
 These sneakers are the best I have ever had . Been wearing this style for about 8 years and hope that they never discontinue them . I buy two or three pairs at a time just in case . Love them !
 This item was a christmas gift for my grandmother and she says they are wonderful and that she recommends everyone should own a pair !
 I 've worn these shoes for years . Great everyday shoe . Simple plain white , comfortable . My only worry is that someone will decide to change or discontinue them .
 These sneakers are the ONLY ones that I find comfortable on my daily hour and a half walks . I believe it 's the squishy soles that are the main comfort factor . None of the sneakers that are available currently with the HARD molded sole are worth the money to me . They HURT my feet.Thanks REEBOK , and please continue to manufacture the Women 's Classic Leather Sneaker , I LOVE IT !!!!
 these are the only shoes that do n't hurt my feet and i can last long hours without any discomfort . they 're light weight and spring back with each step . act like shock absorbers for my feet . come in black and white ! wo n't buy any other athletic shoe !
 I normally would n't buy shoes over the internet because I prefer to try them on . I bought these Reeboks because I have bought the same kind and size in the past and knew the size and model . They fit well and I had no problems with them .
 I found these shoes confortable and durable . I am so glad I could find the exact same style I bought years ago .
 i am fully satisfied with purchases . Everything was as described . I suggest it to other who want to buy it .
 the shoes looks nice on my feet and feels comfy . . like them so far . . last or not , ca n't tell now ... overall , the experience is not bad ...
 I love it great product A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 I love these shoes . I have ordered several pair over the yeara and always have been satisfied with them . They are very comfortable and can be used in multiple activities .
 My wife likes them very much and so do I . They seem to be stylish , comfy and tough at the same time .
 If you 're going to be doing a lot of walking or standing , the Reebok 's Classic Leather Running Shoe is one of the best sneakers you can buy to wear with casual clothes . I have worn them for years , and they have always been amazingly comfortable , with no breaking-in required . They are made of butter-soft leather , yet they are very , very durable . The padding is cloud-soft , and the rubber sole gives excellent traction and stability.Reebok 's are always true to size , as well . If you are looking for good athletic shoes -- here they are , ladies !
 I 've been looking for these sneakers in local stores for the past couple of years . Could not find a size 10 until I went to Amazon . I love these sneakers , very comfortable , true to size , HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
 These are the most comfortable running shoes I 've ever had . They 're very difficult to find but I always seem to have luck in finding them on Amazon.com . This is my 3rd pair . I love these shoes !
 Just ordered my probably fifteenth and sixteenth pairs of Reebok 's Women 's Classic Sneaker . I 've tried other brands , styles , bought a couple mostly for color , but this is the one I wear virtually ALL the time . So comfortable you do n't know you 're wearing shoes . DO N'T EVEN HAVE TO BREAK THEM IN ! And they last a l-o-n-g time . Kelly Smith , Tampa , Florida .
 I 've been wearing these shoes for a number of years for brisk walking on the treadmill , running errands , walking on exhausting vacations -- and they 're great . There 's no break-in time . I have trouble finding them in my size at department and outlet stores so I 'm very glad to find them at Amazon .
 I 've used these shoes for YEARS ! I use them for walking and working out - am not a runner . I have a narrow foot and they fit me well . I 've walked around Europe in them , as well as at home . Not sure how they 'd work for a serious runner , but they 're fine for walking .
 These shoes are the best fit , longest lasting , and greatest value , I have found at any price . If they are still being sold I would advise any active women to buy these shoes . Size is mostly true to fit , if the wide width is checked . The regular widths can be smaller than actual size , at first but these shoes stretch a lot . If your size is not found , and your foot can take a wide width , try the equivalent men 's size -LRB- Men 's Size - 2 sizes = Women 's Size , so I have found for this shoe . A size 6 men 's = a size 8 women 's -RRB- . I have 2 men 's pairs I wear with thicker socks , and they are very comfortable . In any case , the women 's wide width is almost a men 's regular width anyway . Being I love to wear soft white shoes , while commuting to work , and while working out , I wash these a few pairs at a time , in an automatic washer , with a cup of bleach , and they come out butiful , again and again .
 I absolutely LOVE Reeboks Women 's Classic Running Sneakers - from the moment I tried them on I thought I was in `` foot heaven '' , they are THAT comfortable!They 're great for running , brisk walking , and just `` knocking around '' . And , since they are all white , they pretty much go with anything.Overall , I would HIGHLY recommend Reeboks Women 's Classic sneakers to everyone . Once you give them try , you 'll never have to search for another brand again !
 I purchased these Reebok Women 's Classic Leather Sneakers to replace a pair I have just like these . These are one of the few sneakers that work for me . I was pleased with the price . The service was great !! Sneakers arrived ahead of projected delivery date which was fantastic . I will definitely buy from these folks again .
 I find this pair of Reebok running shoes to be of excellent quality . They are very comfortable and cushion the shock of walking . I am past the running age , so I need a good foundation and arch support . The price was right also . Reebok is the best name in sport shoes in my estimation . Thank you . I hope this helps .
 These shoes are cute and great for standing at my pharmacy job . Thank you
 My wife says it 's a very comfortable shoe but a bad color , and she asked why they do n't make it in classic white . She also asked why Reebok does n't make more women 's shoes in a size 10.5 , which is large enough to accommodate her orthotics as well as socks . Reebok has been her favorite manufacturer for years and she 's sorry to have to start buying from others now that she has to buy a larger size than in the past . All in all , however , she says they fit very well , are light enough and are a great product for a very reasonable price .
 The shoes seem good . I 've only used them on the indoor trainer . Looks like the beautiful carbon sole wo n't stay that way as soon as they are used outside . They are easy to put on with the one piece velcro . The velcro seems to secure your foot into the shoe very well .
 I bought this bag because of the cheap price and lovely design . I 've had it for several months now and I love it . I must say it was a little smaller than I expected so I suggest you measure out the dimensions with ruler before you order this bag . On the upside this bad has tons or inside zippers and compartments for storage and its very cute ! I love it . The only complaint I would have is how easily the handle picks up dirt from your hand . Other than that its perfect .
 I buy these shoes in bulk as they are so good . I have high arches and these shoes are the only ones that have never given me any trouble . I am now on my 3rd pair and use them for my marathon training and running .
 Awesome ... is the best word I can use to describe these running shoes . I wore them to the gym yesterday and they are probably the most comfortable athletic shoes I have ever owned . I usually buy New Balance which I have always liked , buy I might be an Adidas convert now . I 've already ordered a second pair as a backup . I use my athletic shoes for the gym -LRB- 50 min . on elliptical & weights -RRB- , brisk walking and some jogging . These shoes even have me excited about getting back into running -- that 's how great they feel !!
 I bought this shoes for my 2-month trip -LRB- using them for walking , not running -RRB- . They are so comfortable and they still look like new after the tough trip . My irregular feet did n't even feel sore after long hours of walking !
 This shoe runs a size too small . Other than that it is a great product and I am satisfied with the shoe .
 I got them fairly quickly and what a perfect fit with great cushion and support .
 I have n't put a mile on these yet , but they fit well and have sufficient room for my orthotics . I am 6 ' 5 '' , 230lbs and try to wear shoes that will support my frame , these will . These are not as comfortable as a walking athletic shoe or a running shoe . I plan to update this review after I have put some miles on these shoes .
 I have narrow feet and it 's difficult to find shoes in my size . These were size 13 B and fit fine and are good walking shoes .
 I just bought my third pair of these boots in five years . I found them to be almost indestructible for light machine shop and daily use on the street . They are VERY COMFORTABLE , ideal if one is on your feet all day.They also polish up well and are presentable WORN as a dress boot/shoe . They felt like a favorite , comfortable old pair of shoes from the first time I put them on ... SORT OF INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH BUNNY SLIPPERS!The boots are very well made from real leather.They are not heavy duty enough for heavy construction , logging or concrete work . Good for light farm work and driving.THEY ARE THE BEST WEARING WORK BOOT , I HAVE FOUND FOR DAY TO DAY WEAR.The soles have some tread , giving you fair traction in the grass , snow and ice plus have excellent wear resistance.Also ... the boot 's sole patterns does not leave large clumps of the outside on the kitchen floor , while stepping into the house.The boot sizing is pretty much exact . Only buy your exact sizeExcept a WIDER SHOE if you plan to wear multiple pairs of thick socks in the winter.They have an excellent size / width selection . I usually need a 14 EEEEE in a boot.The boots are almost waterproof , you will need to apply a reasonable coat of waterproofing silicone spray or mystery oil leather treatment . KIWI SHOE POLISH makes them shine up very well.The leather uppers are well cut out pattern and sewn together with care.I never had problems with the leather , material , sewn seams splitting or tearing , and no loosening or unusual wear with the heels or soles.The leather is thick enough to protect but still thin enough to be flexible.I have bought both he 6 inch and 8 inch versions of this farm boot.Both boot heights are just as easy to get on and off , however the eight inch high boot does gives you a bit more ankle support.So , I prefer the eight inch height.The only thing I can recommend extra for these boots ... Order a bit thicker , round nylon boot laces , instead of the flat , cotton shoe laces that come FACTORY standard with these boots.If you need soles with more traction get something with a VIBRAM sole.However , trust me , your wife will remind you , often , to remove your boots before coming into the house with VIBRAM soles on.The only tougher and better boots I have seen and bought , have been just as happy with , are the White 's Smoke Jumper Logging Boots and they COST ALMOST $ 500.00 The FARM BOOTS are a great deal ! I wish more American companies made things with this amount of care / pride in the product , a good design philosophy , used quality materials and all put together with wonderful workmanship!The people at WORK AMERICA remind me and hearken back to an earlier time in this country , when something that was stamped AMERICAN MADE or MADE IN USA meant often this product was the best made in the world!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008D94HNQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 Great infant dress shoes -LRB- I never thought I would be in the market for those ! -RRB- My 22 month old son just wore them to his uncle 's wedding . Everyone stopped and stared at him , he looked so cute . It goes well with the infant boys suit I bought for him .
 Very comfortable shoe . Good for standing long periods of times . Could n't have gotten better shoes for that price !
 the shoes are comfortable and I am well satified with the price I paid .
 I purchased these sneakers for running on a treadmill . They are super comfortable and the cushioning system works great . I can actually run longer without feeling pressure on my feet . Great deal !!
 They were a perfect fit and they are very comfortable . I wish I had bought another pair . .
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 I have n't put a mile on these yet , but they fit well and have sufficient room for my orthotics . I am 6 ' 5 '' , 230lbs and try to wear shoes that will support my frame , these will . These are not as comfortable as a walking athletic shoe or a running shoe . I plan to update this review after I have put some miles on these shoes .
 I have narrow feet and it 's difficult to find shoes in my size . These were size 13 B and fit fine and are good walking shoes .
 I really love these shoes , they are so comfortable.Some days I stand for a really long time , when I get home my feet do not hurt at all.Thank you for making really great shoe.Rebecca PalubickiBig Stone Gap , Va. .
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 I was looking for a pair of shoes to go with a lavender , knee-length dress . The dress had a retro feel to it , very Audrey Hepburn . I did not want to get matching shoes - that would have too much of a bridesmaid feel to it . I did n't want to spend too much money on the shoes as well . When I found this pair of shoes , it was just perfect ! The heel is n't too wobbly like a stiletto and it 's sooooooo comfortable . I wore them to a wedding with my lavender dress , and for once , my feet did n't ache after a few hours . I thought they were going to be slipping off and on my feet , but because there is a strap that secures the big toe , it did n't slip off at all ! The best part ? I thought that I would n't be able to wear these shoes with any other dress , but since there are different colored crystals -LRB- lavender/pink , blue , green -RRB- , I 've worn these shoes with different colored dress from multi-color blue to a rosy pink . I am definitely getting my money 's worth . Major thumbs up !!!
 As happy as can be.These were hard to find but found them on this site.A happy customer once again .
 Gave as a Christmas present . She said they are very comfortable shoes and plans to order another pair for work .
 A friend of mine wanted these shoes and I got them for her as a birthday present , she loves them . They look better in person then they do in the picture . I would like to get a pair for myself .
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 Buy these sneakers in 20 dollars , other than that they fit well you can change the color lines and used with different colors of clothing.definitely a good deal
 What else is there to say , this shoe is a timeless classic and at under $ 40 is a must buy .
 I looked everywhere for this shoe . Amazon was the only place that I could find it . They are so comfortable and they look great . I love how you can change the strips on the side of the shoe .
 Adidas basketball superstar sneaks wear comfortable . Though very new , they seem durable and a GR8 BUY !
 Got the product in excellent time . And the shoes are very comfortable and great on turf as on grass . Great buy .
 I just bought my third pair of these boots in five years . I found them to be almost indestructible for light machine shop and daily use on the street . They are VERY COMFORTABLE , ideal if one is on your feet all day.They also polish up well and are presentable WORN as a dress boot/shoe . They felt like a favorite , comfortable old pair of shoes from the first time I put them on ... SORT OF INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH BUNNY SLIPPERS!The boots are very well made from real leather.They are not heavy duty enough for heavy construction , logging or concrete work . Good for light farm work and driving.THEY ARE THE BEST WEARING WORK BOOT , I HAVE FOUND FOR DAY TO DAY WEAR.The soles have some tread , giving you fair traction in the grass , snow and ice plus have excellent wear resistance.Also ... the boot 's sole patterns does not leave large clumps of the outside on the kitchen floor , while stepping into the house.The boot sizing is pretty much exact . Only buy your exact sizeExcept a WIDER SHOE if you plan to wear multiple pairs of thick socks in the winter.They have an excellent size / width selection . I usually need a 14 EEEEE in a boot.The boots are almost waterproof , you will need to apply a reasonable coat of waterproofing silicone spray or mystery oil leather treatment . KIWI SHOE POLISH makes them shine up very well.The leather uppers are well cut out pattern and sewn together with care.I never had problems with the leather , material , sewn seams splitting or tearing , and no loosening or unusual wear with the heels or soles.The leather is thick enough to protect but still thin enough to be flexible.I have bought both he 6 inch and 8 inch versions of this farm boot.Both boot heights are just as easy to get on and off , however the eight inch high boot does gives you a bit more ankle support.So , I prefer the eight inch height.The only thing I can recommend extra for these boots ... Order a bit thicker , round nylon boot laces , instead of the flat , cotton shoe laces that come FACTORY standard with these boots.If you need soles with more traction get something with a VIBRAM sole.However , trust me , your wife will remind you , often , to remove your boots before coming into the house with VIBRAM soles on.The only tougher and better boots I have seen and bought , have been just as happy with , are the White 's Smoke Jumper Logging Boots and they COST ALMOST $ 500.00 The FARM BOOTS are a great deal ! I wish more American companies made things with this amount of care / pride in the product , a good design philosophy , used quality materials and all put together with wonderful workmanship!The people at WORK AMERICA remind me and hearken back to an earlier time in this country , when something that was stamped AMERICAN MADE or MADE IN USA meant often this product was the best made in the world!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008D94HNQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 I have a very hard time finding a size 5 in any heel and they had them . So far they are very comfortable
 THe shoes are well made and good quality materials , and very sexy on my wife , will purchase this brand again . The shoes are worth the price .
 No slippage , Great Fit , Awesome Feel and Look : -RRB- P.S. price is great-these run about $ 75 on up in stores-same exact shoe . Buy them here : -RRB-
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 First of all , I 'm a UPS driver , therefore excellent footwear is a must . After many failed attempts at finding some good shoes that will be durable , waterproof , and comfortable , I came across these shoes from Keen . They were tops in each of those categories.It could be expected that most new shoes will need at least a minimal amount of time to `` break them in . '' But these Keens felt like I had been wearing them forever on the first day ! The waterproof protection on these shoes is great as well - I never hesitated at any puddle or stream of water.I would highly recommend these shoes !
 After some bad experiences with other woman 's boots which claimed to be waterproof . . I think some companies think women do n't actually go outdoors . . I tried these boots . They work . They feel loose when you try them on so the boot lore of yesteryear of having a perfect fit does n't apply here as they are so comfortable there was no break in period , although I thought they were too loose in the heel and would cause blisters . . not so , once I got used to the fit they became my main shoe . With a pair of gaiters these boots stand up to search and rescue work , snow and mountain biking in wet vegetation , tracking off trail and spending a whole day in a boat with sloshing water in the bottom . . and now I know how long they last as my pair failed this week and are no longer waterproof after one and one half years of hard wear . I will buy another pair very soon , of the same boot . The boots I have are still good for everything but wet and I will use them up on dry days .
 I purchased these -LRB- in black -RRB- for my husband for Christmas . Hands down his favorite present.We had horrible snow this winter in the PNW and he opted for these over his regular snow shoes every time we went out . He never had a complaint of water seeping in , discomfort or anything.Even on a recent ski trip , we had to dig our car out of nearly two feet of snow . He opted to keep these shoes on as he made his way around the car ... forty minutes later dry as a bone inside.I think his only complaint has come from a couple of day hikes we 've taken and he 's worn socks that are too thick ... that 's when his feet get a little hot and sweaty . However , so long as the right sock is paired with these shoes and you 're not wading through a river , I 'd be surprised to hear too many complaints .
 I 'm on my second pair now and I love these shoes . They are great if you work outdoors or live in the woods where good protection is a must . As stated they keep your feet really dry in wet conditions and the one person who gave them a bad review was expecting too much I 'd say . Anything that is waterproof will get wet eventually . I love the toe protection , it has saved me countless stubbed toes when walking the dogs out on the trail ! Overall a great shoe at a moderate price .
 Very comfortable shoe . Good for standing long periods of times . Could n't have gotten better shoes for that price !
 the shoes are comfortable and I am well satified with the price I paid .
 I purchased these sneakers for running on a treadmill . They are super comfortable and the cushioning system works great . I can actually run longer without feeling pressure on my feet . Great deal !!
 They were a perfect fit and they are very comfortable . I wish I had bought another pair . .
 I have these shoes in black/white . I love them and they are very comfortable . Fit is perfect and my feet do n't get tired wearing them . The fit is true to size .
 I have been using this shoe for workout and walking purposes - never basketball - for 20 years . During that time it has remained consistent as regards form , fit and function . If you 're not interested in being ` current ' , but are interested in practical usability and comfort , I recommend this shoe.P.S.Be aware that the ` steel ' in this shoe 's description means
 this is the second time I have ordered these shoes . My son only wants these and he gets them for Christmas each year . He is 46 and I am his mother so I know what to get him for Christmas and this makes it easy .
 very comfy shoes.i never had a problem with breaking them in . They wer great shoes . I wore them down to the sole . So now i for a change i am getting some red superstar 2g 's !!!
 I really like this sandal ! Generally , I would definitely not say I 'm a huge fan of MIA shoes , but this one looks so cute with my capris . I 've been looking for a cute summer shoe to wear with my white capris and it 's pretty difficult since I have a tendency to not like white shoes . However , I lucked out when I found this sandal in white . Since only part of the slim straps are white leather , the `` white '' look is not overwhelmeing which is perfect for me . Although the wedge heel is about 4 inches , it does not feel like it because it 's so thick . The front straps fit slightly looser than I 'd like , but I have Foot Petals Tip Toes to keep my feet from sliding , so it 's okay . Lastly , the shoe seems to fit true to size .
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 The shoes are very very nice and my husband love it so much , the problem is that the packaging done is so big when it can be packed to a smaller box just like my Monika Nine West and Steven Peep Toe shoes . It came out that the shipping charges is double than my 2 shoes . But the shoes is very nice . Please advise your packers to pack items in boxes just right for the item , no need for so many bubble wrap to minimize shipping costs .
 A bit on the dressier side , but still look great with certain jeans . I get lots of compliments on them .
 Not only is the price right , but my son loves this shoe . He says they 're comfortable . I have to make him wear other pairs of shoes , because he wants to wear them all of the time .
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 THESE SHOES ARE BEAUTIFUL !!!!!!!!! THEY FIT TRUE TO SIZE !!!!!!! THEY ARE JUST SO HOT ! I AM BUYING THEM IN EVERY COLOR . TRUST ME , YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED !!!!!
 I bought these for my 7 month old and when they arrived I was so happy . The shoes feel very durable & solid and look 100 times better than what the picture shows.They are very bright white , with the traditional white/red stripes on the side with a navy sole that has the Tommy Hilfiger name printed on the bottom . I loved these so much when I got the size 3 's that I immediately came on here to purchase them in size 4 's for when my son gets a little bigger . I recommend these shoes to any Tommy fan for your baby . These would also be a perfect gift !
 I just bought my third pair of these boots in five years . I found them to be almost indestructible for light machine shop and daily use on the street . They are VERY COMFORTABLE , ideal if one is on your feet all day.They also polish up well and are presentable WORN as a dress boot/shoe . They felt like a favorite , comfortable old pair of shoes from the first time I put them on ... SORT OF INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH BUNNY SLIPPERS!The boots are very well made from real leather.They are not heavy duty enough for heavy construction , logging or concrete work . Good for light farm work and driving.THEY ARE THE BEST WEARING WORK BOOT , I HAVE FOUND FOR DAY TO DAY WEAR.The soles have some tread , giving you fair traction in the grass , snow and ice plus have excellent wear resistance.Also ... the boot 's sole patterns does not leave large clumps of the outside on the kitchen floor , while stepping into the house.The boot sizing is pretty much exact . Only buy your exact sizeExcept a WIDER SHOE if you plan to wear multiple pairs of thick socks in the winter.They have an excellent size / width selection . I usually need a 14 EEEEE in a boot.The boots are almost waterproof , you will need to apply a reasonable coat of waterproofing silicone spray or mystery oil leather treatment . KIWI SHOE POLISH makes them shine up very well.The leather uppers are well cut out pattern and sewn together with care.I never had problems with the leather , material , sewn seams splitting or tearing , and no loosening or unusual wear with the heels or soles.The leather is thick enough to protect but still thin enough to be flexible.I have bought both he 6 inch and 8 inch versions of this farm boot.Both boot heights are just as easy to get on and off , however the eight inch high boot does gives you a bit more ankle support.So , I prefer the eight inch height.The only thing I can recommend extra for these boots ... Order a bit thicker , round nylon boot laces , instead of the flat , cotton shoe laces that come FACTORY standard with these boots.If you need soles with more traction get something with a VIBRAM sole.However , trust me , your wife will remind you , often , to remove your boots before coming into the house with VIBRAM soles on.The only tougher and better boots I have seen and bought , have been just as happy with , are the White 's Smoke Jumper Logging Boots and they COST ALMOST $ 500.00 The FARM BOOTS are a great deal ! I wish more American companies made things with this amount of care / pride in the product , a good design philosophy , used quality materials and all put together with wonderful workmanship!The people at WORK AMERICA remind me and hearken back to an earlier time in this country , when something that was stamped AMERICAN MADE or MADE IN USA meant often this product was the best made in the world!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008D94HNQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 My daughter goes through at least one pair of softball cleats per year and has tried many different makes . So far these Under Armour shoes are her favorites ! She says they are nice and lightweight , and she values the moisture-management interior and the reinforced toe -LRB- she 's a pitcher -RRB- . It 's too soon to tell if they will wear as well or better than previous brands she 's tried , but so far , it 's a big thumbs up for this cleat .
 These shoes are great in that they are not only very comfortable and light but stylish too . They fit true to size .
 I really like using this shoe for tennis . The rubber tip is just great if you 're used to break with it during long base shots .
 Just what I wanted , these shoes give me a nice comfort and reliability - I buy a pair every 3 years and I do n't plan on changing them . Always stylish , always perfect for my feet.I run a lot and play basketball , so I use and abuse them until they fall apart . So like I said , it takes over three years for that to happen . Even then , they are wearable if you dont care about the worn out color and dirty smudges . But I never managed to get them rip or anything like that.Adidas forever !
 A great sneaker for a great price . It was hard to find the Adidas Superstar 2G in stores . Amazon.Com had them and for a decent price !
 My son has been wearing this same style of Adidas sneaker for several years ... they stand up well to gym time and outside wear and look decent with jeans or khakis . He has the `` gym sneakers become outside sneakers '' rotation going on , so he 's always got at least 2 pair on the go ... they 're just a classic .
 I originally bought these shoes because I wanted some old school shell tops . After wearing these kicks for a month to the gym and walking around in them I 've discovered how comfortable they were and I would definetly buy them again
 Good shoe , similar to Metrum , but more light-weight and narrower . The white color does show skuff marks after you use them for a while . But overall , an adequate replacement for my Metrum shoes , which seem ever increasingly hard to find these days ...
 These shoes are great in that they are not only very comfortable and light but stylish too . They fit true to size .
 I really like using this shoe for tennis . The rubber tip is just great if you 're used to break with it during long base shots .
 Just what I wanted , these shoes give me a nice comfort and reliability - I buy a pair every 3 years and I do n't plan on changing them . Always stylish , always perfect for my feet.I run a lot and play basketball , so I use and abuse them until they fall apart . So like I said , it takes over three years for that to happen . Even then , they are wearable if you dont care about the worn out color and dirty smudges . But I never managed to get them rip or anything like that.Adidas forever !
 A great sneaker for a great price . It was hard to find the Adidas Superstar 2G in stores . Amazon.Com had them and for a decent price !
 My son has been wearing this same style of Adidas sneaker for several years ... they stand up well to gym time and outside wear and look decent with jeans or khakis . He has the `` gym sneakers become outside sneakers '' rotation going on , so he 's always got at least 2 pair on the go ... they 're just a classic .
 I originally bought these shoes because I wanted some old school shell tops . After wearing these kicks for a month to the gym and walking around in them I 've discovered how comfortable they were and I would definetly buy them again
 Good shoe , similar to Metrum , but more light-weight and narrower . The white color does show skuff marks after you use them for a while . But overall , an adequate replacement for my Metrum shoes , which seem ever increasingly hard to find these days ...
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 It 's hard to find my size . This was great . Amazon always comes in a timely manner . They are very reliable . thanks
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 These are very warm and comfortable boots . It 's been a while since I owned a pair of boots and these have proven to be a good buy !
 A great deal . These boots are stylish and comfy , but are also very sensible for cold weather . They look fabulous with my skinny jeans tucked in and are pretty enough to be paired with dresses and skirts . They also do n't have any silly decorations hanging off to be soaked in snow .
 I ca n't believe I did n't review these boots ! I just love them and I bought them long time ago , they are like new . Very comfortable , true to size and they look great . I get a lot of compliments when I wear them.Happy Happy Happy
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 Well , these shoes are pretty nice . I think they should have a better arch support and thats about it . They fit my needs , everything from walking to trail running . They even have good grip when I need to do a little rock climbing to get to a higher trail , or make my own trail . In other words they are simple and perfect . = -RRB-
 I bought the Clarks Roar boots at a store in the mall and am very happy with the purchase . I wanted something that could still be worn to work with khakis , but also be aggressive enough to wear out in the snow/bad weather . The Roar 's fit the bill exactly . Lately , i 've been wearing them when I ride my motorcycle and they 've kept my feet warm and protected from the elements . My only complaints about the boot are that they scuff fairly easily . I purchased the weatherproofing glaze from the Clarks store which restores the leather to a nice sheen , however , after a day or two out , you 'll notice a bunch of scuff marks . Also , after two weeks of wearing them , a small chunk of the corner began to separate from the the heel . I took it back to the store and was told that this is normal . I did n't agree with the sales person and he said if it completely comes off , I could bring it back for an exchange . A year later , the little corner still hasnt ripped off but it 's still a distraction . Overall , I still really like the shoe and would recommend it to other buyers .
 These are the most comfortable shoes I own and chose them over my tennis shoes for days when I 'm walking a lot . Great buy , and this is my second pair . Love this boot .
 I love these shoes ! I have owned a couple few pairs of Clarks and to my suprise these were the most comfortable . The sole is better too , the soles on some of the lesser expensive models and others will actually soak up water like a sponge -LRB- coant wear on rainy days -RRB- These are well built very comfortable shoes and compaired with other brands of the same style they are a tremendous value .
 This is my second pair . They are so comfortable and durable . It wo n't be my last pair !
 These are one of the most comfortable pairs of boots I 've ever purchased . They are very forgiving when walking or standing in them for long periods . Considering they `` boots '' they are by no means heavy on your feet . I am very happy with my purchase !
 I get the `` oily brown '' model and it looks awesome , just like the picture . I 'm from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , so I was a little afraid that , after waiting so many days to get the package at the mail , the shoes maybe look different from the amazon pics . But 's it 's real nice , I 'm very happy with that pair of shoes , Go and get it !
 Great boot/shoe for most any occasion be it sport suit or an outdoor hike . They are instantly comfortable and last a long time while retaining their good looks , just like me ! Really , Clarks are the only shoe I buy for great looks and long lasting ruggedness .
 The boots are great , good materials , look nice but I 'm order a 11.5 number and this are not my size , big mistake !!!! I 'm 11 ... Well , however great pair of shoes ... : -RRB-
 Perfect fit , very comfortable . Just what I hoped for.My 22 year old son liked them so much he ordered a pair for himself .
 I own this color and the one in suede . Perfect right out of the box . No break-in period required . My son has a pair too and loves them . Top shelf boot for comfort and style .
 Looks good , comfortable , darkened up nicely with beeswax . Bought the same boot in black as well . Much better for winter than my oxfords .
 Clarks Men 's Roar BootNice Comfortable Boots . Very easy to slip into due to the low-tops . Just do n't tie them too tight since they tend to impede circulation while foot is bent during driving .
 A nice casual look . I 'm on my second pair now . They are very comfortable but I 'm not super happy with how long the last . I wear them to work and wear them out pretty fast . Overall I liked them enough to buy another pair .
 Arrived in the appropriate time frame , well packaged , well made , no flaws in materials , fit according to size , no issues . Got what I paid for thus 5 stars .
 the service and quality are excelent ! magnifique sales ! very good service ! very very well ! not problema any ! very very good
 Very comfortable right out of the box . I was looking for a boot that resembled the boondockers issued in the service and this comes very close . Size was true and I expect excellent service from these boots .
 For those who want to use their boots to walk for several hours , these are a very good choice . They are not only good looking but also very comfortable .
 Materials are first class , has an attractive design and ankle support is pretty good . I chose the `` oily brown '' model and it looks very well , almost like the picture . For being a boot , it is truly comfortable and feels almost like a shoe . If you 're planning it for heavy duty activities , then you should reconsider this option -LRB- i find the outer get scratched somewhat easily -RRB- . Overall a good product , i would highly recommend it for casual/urban wear purposes .
 I an a big fan of Clarks products . This boot is an exceptional product . The boot fits true to size . It is not difficult to put on and provides the comfort that you would expect from Clarks .
 This is a very comfortable and well made boot . The sizing is true as I where a 12M and this boot is a perfect fit . It wears very well all day long walking either in the desert or on hard finished surfaces . I highly recommend this as well as the classic Clark 's desert boot . The classic desert boot wears like a bedroom slipper and does n't have the support that the Roar boot has . Both models though are great to wear .
 These shoes can provide comfort after 9 hours on foot . They feel well worn in after just a week . The craftsmanship is supreme and they always buff to a nice shine using a polished brush or oiled sponge .
 I really like these boots . They 're comfortable , stylish and rugged enough to be used in a variety of conditions . Also , a nice benefit is that they 're suprisingly lightweight . My one complaint is that they 're a little too wide for my foot . I have a standard width foot -LRB- I think ! -RRB- and these boots are definitely wider than I 'd like them to be . If I were to order them again , I 'd opt for a narrower width instead of the standard -LRB- `` M '' -RRB- width . Overall a good boot at a decent price .
 These shoes are sturdy construction , warm and comfortable . There is a moderately aggressive pattern on the soles which work well for ice and snow walking .
 the product is amazing and comfortable as i mentioned in my head line but only one thing that was bad in Amazon website , the sizing chart is wrong -LRB- the comparison between European and American size is wrong -RRB- , if you wan na buy a new Clarks stuff go for their sizing chart in their website .
 I purchased for my son who is a very casual dresser . He dislikes anything uncomfortable or troublesome . He loved the look of these boots with his jeans and with khakis . He was able to wear them immediately and break in was minimal -LRB- just the slight stiffness around the top at ankle . This has quickly become his &#34; go to &#34; boot . The price was a little higher than I would like to pay but the construction appeared worth it and the Clarks reputation is exemplary . Amazon definitely offered them at a better price than any I was able to find locally or online . My son and I are both pleased with this purchase .
 These shoes are great in that they are not only very comfortable and light but stylish too . They fit true to size .
 I really like using this shoe for tennis . The rubber tip is just great if you 're used to break with it during long base shots .
 Just what I wanted , these shoes give me a nice comfort and reliability - I buy a pair every 3 years and I do n't plan on changing them . Always stylish , always perfect for my feet.I run a lot and play basketball , so I use and abuse them until they fall apart . So like I said , it takes over three years for that to happen . Even then , they are wearable if you dont care about the worn out color and dirty smudges . But I never managed to get them rip or anything like that.Adidas forever !
 A great sneaker for a great price . It was hard to find the Adidas Superstar 2G in stores . Amazon.Com had them and for a decent price !
 My son has been wearing this same style of Adidas sneaker for several years ... they stand up well to gym time and outside wear and look decent with jeans or khakis . He has the `` gym sneakers become outside sneakers '' rotation going on , so he 's always got at least 2 pair on the go ... they 're just a classic .
 I originally bought these shoes because I wanted some old school shell tops . After wearing these kicks for a month to the gym and walking around in them I 've discovered how comfortable they were and I would definetly buy them again
 Good shoe , similar to Metrum , but more light-weight and narrower . The white color does show skuff marks after you use them for a while . But overall , an adequate replacement for my Metrum shoes , which seem ever increasingly hard to find these days ...
 I really like my Kayas - I 've used them for several-hour snowshoeing trips as well as just shoveling snow and playing around during weekends in Tahoe and Mt. Shasta . They 're really cute and cozy.Just one complaint - the little piece of leather on the back of the boot that helps you pull the boot on has broken on both of my boots . It 's still attached on one side but the stitching ripped on the other . Still usable , but somewhat annoying .
 These boots are cute and comfortable - very good for winter hiking in cold climates like New England .
 The best snow boot I have ever owned . I have the laces set so I can slip on and off without fuss , The heel is smooth and cushy , slides without any abrasion on my heel . Waterproof so I can walk through slush puddles in town . Fun to wear . I hope they last forever , and so far , I think they will .
 These boots are the most COMFORTABLE and warm boots I 've ever owned -LRB- the two qualities together -RRB- . I live in Northern Minnesota and they are a great everyday boot to run around in . Not one of those boots that you have to sit down and spend five minutes getting on and off . The laces are rounded and super easy to loosen to take off and pull tight to put back on . Great purchase , am very happy !
 These boots are extremely comfortable . Record snow this year , my feet stayed dry , no slipping and warm .
 i bought boot size 5 and i like it very much , it is very cute , warm and comfybut the toe box is very tight.it is a very nice boot.if you bought the rightsize.if you like this shoe , i think you can try at least half size or one sizebig . than your toe will be very comfy because uaslly i wear size five , all of thesize five is still too big for me , i have skinny feet but this one is run smallso order a size up you 'll be happy.i bought the color black one .
 I loved these boots but despite ordering up a half size they were still too tight across the top of my foot , sent them back .
 I have had Sorel 's before , but lost them in house fire . These boots look and feel great and keep my feet warm and toasty .
 Love this boot but I had to exchange the size 10 -LRB- my normal shoe size -RRB- for 10 1/2 and now it fits perfectly .
 I got these on Amazon because the price was excellent and the service is predictably reliable . The boots themselves are really very comfy , they 're lined with an artificial fleece and I have put in gel insoles -LRB- for heel cushioning and arch support -RRB- because I have rather high arches , and my feet feel really great combined with the spacious footbed of these Sorel boots . I walk everywhere , so comfort is imperative . These are not flimsy fashion boots , they 're really well-made snow boots which will keep your feet war and toasty even in terrible weather.I highly recommend them .
 I love my new Sorel Kaya black boots . They are very comfy and the size is perfect -LRB- I was little bit worried about that -RRB- . And after I saw them in a store I know I paid an excellent price . I would do it again if I had to . Thank you to give me the opportunity to tell other people about it . Marie-Nolle
 These boots are unbelievable . I have never had boots that have been so warm , fashionable and comfortable . I wish I had had these boots when I was working outdoors all winter for Wyoming Game and Fish . They feel like bedroom slippers and although they are very warm I have worn them all day and been inside for most of that time without my feet feeling too warm . I would definately recommend ordering a larger size than your normal shoe size . I ordered a half size bigger for thicker socks but the boots fit well even with regular socks .
 The Price is Great and the boots are really warm - They are n't too bulky and they fit just right to my normal show size - Very nice boots
 I purchased these boots for a trip to big sky Montana ... i like to snow shoe and I was worried they would n't be warm or comfortable enough . They were the idea , perfect boot . I have the dark brown and recived many compliments on them ... if you 're thinking about buying them do n't think any longer . They are a steal !!!!
 I have perpetually cold feet but these really keep my feet warm and dry . They are easy to get on and very comfortable . They are nice and wide at the front of the foot so it is easy to accomodate any kinds of socks . Only complaint is the fake fur gets tangled in the laces when you try to tie them , and they shed a bit . But overall that is no big deal . The boots look really cute , too .
 these boots are amazing ... i was shopping for rain-resistance boots and i spotted 'em . so cute ! and even though i live in southern california where it isnt considered cold , i have poor blood circulation in my feet ... so i spend the entire winter with my feet either freezing cold or too hot from socks and shoes . these boots have forever solved my problem . they are THE most comfortable shoes ever and they are marketed as being ` breatheable ' so my feet are never too hot even when wearing them with socks . and now i wont have to deal with wet feet inside my shoes when it rains either :-RRB- uggs cant promise you that ! i wear mine with skinny jeans or with leggings and a short skirt . fabulous !!!
 I purchased the Sorel Kaya boot because I love the look and fit of my Sorel Tootega boots , and this style seemed to have a similar foot design
 These have to be the most comfortable winter boots I 've ever worn ! I live in NY & my feet are always cold in the winter . I own a pair of UGG boots that do n't keep my feet anywhere as warm as these boots do ! Sizing is right . I wear an 8 1/2 shoe , & bought an 8 1/2 boot . I wear them with trouser socks and the fit is just right . I also bought a black pair in a size 9 -LRB- 8 1/2 were not available -RRB- and these give me room for a thicker sock.I 've worn these boots ALL day , running around after my 3 year old and I mean it when I say they truly are comfortable ! The shoe looks a bit odd at first , & the look is something to get used to . But people have complimented me so they ca n't look that bad ! BUY THESE BOOTS !
 These boots are very warm , but not too much so . I can walk in them and then keep them on when inside . They do make the feet look a little wide , but then again , they are winter boots . Even after trekking through large puddles of water , they have n't leaked . The traction is surprisingly effective on icy paths . Laces allow you to tuck any kind of pant leg into the boots , or fit them snugly to your leg . -LRB- You can also tuck the extra laces into the sides of the boots so they do n't flop around when you walk . -RRB-
 These are the best boots I 've ever owned - extremely comfortable , extremely warm , extremely good-looking ! They 're great for a cold Minnesota winter . But it has to be really cold . At 20 degrees , they 're too warm . That 's OK , however . I 'm happy they 're otherwise so comfortable !
 I bought a couple pairs of boots online to see which fit the best , and this was it . While I really liked the other pairs , this one was the most comfortable and it has proven to be plenty warm during this increasingly cold Chicago winter . After going many years without boots , I 'm so glad I have this pair to trek through the snowy streets !
 WARM . DRY.Nevermind the fact that walking in these boots is much like walking on a cloud.Simply , some of the best money I have spent on footwear .
 I just bought my third pair of these boots in five years . I found them to be almost indestructible for light machine shop and daily use on the street . They are VERY COMFORTABLE , ideal if one is on your feet all day.They also polish up well and are presentable WORN as a dress boot/shoe . They felt like a favorite , comfortable old pair of shoes from the first time I put them on ... SORT OF INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH BUNNY SLIPPERS!The boots are very well made from real leather.They are not heavy duty enough for heavy construction , logging or concrete work . Good for light farm work and driving.THEY ARE THE BEST WEARING WORK BOOT , I HAVE FOUND FOR DAY TO DAY WEAR.The soles have some tread , giving you fair traction in the grass , snow and ice plus have excellent wear resistance.Also ... the boot 's sole patterns does not leave large clumps of the outside on the kitchen floor , while stepping into the house.The boot sizing is pretty much exact . Only buy your exact sizeExcept a WIDER SHOE if you plan to wear multiple pairs of thick socks in the winter.They have an excellent size / width selection . I usually need a 14 EEEEE in a boot.The boots are almost waterproof , you will need to apply a reasonable coat of waterproofing silicone spray or mystery oil leather treatment . KIWI SHOE POLISH makes them shine up very well.The leather uppers are well cut out pattern and sewn together with care.I never had problems with the leather , material , sewn seams splitting or tearing , and no loosening or unusual wear with the heels or soles.The leather is thick enough to protect but still thin enough to be flexible.I have bought both he 6 inch and 8 inch versions of this farm boot.Both boot heights are just as easy to get on and off , however the eight inch high boot does gives you a bit more ankle support.So , I prefer the eight inch height.The only thing I can recommend extra for these boots ... Order a bit thicker , round nylon boot laces , instead of the flat , cotton shoe laces that come FACTORY standard with these boots.If you need soles with more traction get something with a VIBRAM sole.However , trust me , your wife will remind you , often , to remove your boots before coming into the house with VIBRAM soles on.The only tougher and better boots I have seen and bought , have been just as happy with , are the White 's Smoke Jumper Logging Boots and they COST ALMOST $ 500.00 The FARM BOOTS are a great deal ! I wish more American companies made things with this amount of care / pride in the product , a good design philosophy , used quality materials and all put together with wonderful workmanship!The people at WORK AMERICA remind me and hearken back to an earlier time in this country , when something that was stamped AMERICAN MADE or MADE IN USA meant often this product was the best made in the world!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008D94HNQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 Very Cute like everything Polo Ralph Lauren ! . I bought for my little girl and fits very good . The color and quality is perfect .
 I just love these Ralph Lauren Ballet Flats with ribbon ties . Mt Grand-daughter looks so sweet in these . Pair them with tights under a dress and she 's dresses up so pretty .
 Cutest Things Ever !! Kassidy is n't born yet , but I know my little cheetah princess will look so adorbs in them !!
 elegant and simple ... cute little shoes for the newborn . easy to wear and it does n't slip off even if the size i ordered is a little bigger.I gave it a 4 star review since this item can not be shipped internationally . I had to ship it to a US address then from there ship it to my address . I am an international buyer so it is a plus if i can have my orders shipped directly to my address .
 I love these shoes they are the cutest , I bought them for my daughters first birthday which is coming soon and I am very happy with them . They are adorable , plus I received them the next day with their free shipping option . YOU CANT BEAT THAT ! Thanks Amazon , free shipping makes me want to shop more !
 I love this shoe !! I ordered it in ivory for my daughters baptism dress and it matched perfectly.I would order it in every color if I could .
 The shoes was even more elegant than expected . It matched perfectly with my daughter 's christening gown . A great buy !
 I just want to add that my baby girl looks amazing with this shoes !! , and also the price is great !!
 I love these little ballet slippers/shoes . I got them to go with her Pink easter dress and they got so many compliments . They are completely adorable ! Worth the price !
 I loved them and so did my daughter , and they fit comfortably , I bought them for my daughter for her 1st birthday and the crowd was loving them ! I would definitely recommend these shoes to anyone .
 Very comfortable and looks chic , although I have n't find any difference with the `` Respira '' feature.Its a perfect fit for me and the delivery was prompt . I bought this during the Christmas sale and it cost me for a little over 40 dollars.Why four star ? Because I 'm still looking for that perfect pair of shoes!I 'll recommend it to my friends .
 This shoe is a little short on the comfort department . I would consider purchase again but not immediately .
 I just got my order delivered yesterday . I ordered this pair of clog in brown and I loved it ! It feels true to size , a little heavy but well made . The interior is very warm and soft , I think it will definitely keep my feet warm when the winter comes . I love it !
 I got these clogs for $ 19.99 what a deal !! They were on clearance and it was an impulse buy . But It was a good purchase . They are excellent quality , made very well . a little stiff , but great in the bad weather . they have a nice soft fur lining that keeps your feet toasty warm . they are super comfortable , fit my feet perfectly . Columbia always makes Great products , and this is no exception , they look like they will last a long time . well worth the money even if you do n't get the $ 19.99 deal .
 This is one of the best clogs I have bought ever . It stays on , fits well through the arch , the sole is flexible enough and comfortable , and it tracks well .
 I do n't believe this shoe is available any longer . I 've had for quite awhile . They were well-made and wider than a typical size M. They 've been through slush in NYC - snow upstate - and still holding up very well for several winters . Except for really deep puddles , the heel sits high enough to keep your feet dry . Great shoes - especially at a clearance price .
 These are probably one of the most comfortable clogs I have ever owned . Water proof too , so they keep my feet warm and dry . Excellent support and great traction for snowy days .
 I bought these shoes a month ago and was so satisfied this these shoes , I just had to write a review . They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I can wear them all day long and my feet are comfortable the entire time . I have other Columbia shoes and appearal and I am completely satisfied with all of them .
 This pair of shoes is pretty comfortable yet sometimes they are very hot .
 I ordered these shoes without ever trying an Allen Edmonds shoe before . I liked that they were made in the U.S. and that they still followed traditional shoe making techniques . I have a few pairs of nice , expensive shoes , Gucci and Cole Haan to name a few . And these shoes are right up there with them and may out class them a little . They look and feel very solid . Like you could walk through the jungle , but they are extremely soft and comfortable . I am a size 10 D and I found their sizing to be spot on . I will definitely be buying Allen Edmonds shoes again . I 'm sold !
 These are a great pair of comfortable shoes.I recommend this to anyone looking for a pair of comfortable casual shoes.The material is great and price is very good .
 I love these shoes . So sad they 're not available anymore . I wish I had bought six pairs -LRB- instead of two
 I like these . They are fashionable on black/blue jeans.Not good for cold or rainy days of course .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I have always been jealous of women who can wear sandals to work and look fashionable . This is the first pair of mens dress shoes that I have ever owned that did not leave my feet wet at the end of the day . Hyperhydrosis or whatever it is called , you could get botox injections for your feet or a pair of these . Seems like a no brainer . And they look pretty good .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I love these shoes , they are affordable , they look great and they are super comfortable . Highly recommend !
 Unbelievable comfort , i feel they 'll last for at least on decade ahead.Thanks for profiling such product :-RRB- GREAT SHOES , RECOMMENED .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I just bought my third pair of these boots in five years . I found them to be almost indestructible for light machine shop and daily use on the street . They are VERY COMFORTABLE , ideal if one is on your feet all day.They also polish up well and are presentable WORN as a dress boot/shoe . They felt like a favorite , comfortable old pair of shoes from the first time I put them on ... SORT OF INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH BUNNY SLIPPERS!The boots are very well made from real leather.They are not heavy duty enough for heavy construction , logging or concrete work . Good for light farm work and driving.THEY ARE THE BEST WEARING WORK BOOT , I HAVE FOUND FOR DAY TO DAY WEAR.The soles have some tread , giving you fair traction in the grass , snow and ice plus have excellent wear resistance.Also ... the boot 's sole patterns does not leave large clumps of the outside on the kitchen floor , while stepping into the house.The boot sizing is pretty much exact . Only buy your exact sizeExcept a WIDER SHOE if you plan to wear multiple pairs of thick socks in the winter.They have an excellent size / width selection . I usually need a 14 EEEEE in a boot.The boots are almost waterproof , you will need to apply a reasonable coat of waterproofing silicone spray or mystery oil leather treatment . KIWI SHOE POLISH makes them shine up very well.The leather uppers are well cut out pattern and sewn together with care.I never had problems with the leather , material , sewn seams splitting or tearing , and no loosening or unusual wear with the heels or soles.The leather is thick enough to protect but still thin enough to be flexible.I have bought both he 6 inch and 8 inch versions of this farm boot.Both boot heights are just as easy to get on and off , however the eight inch high boot does gives you a bit more ankle support.So , I prefer the eight inch height.The only thing I can recommend extra for these boots ... Order a bit thicker , round nylon boot laces , instead of the flat , cotton shoe laces that come FACTORY standard with these boots.If you need soles with more traction get something with a VIBRAM sole.However , trust me , your wife will remind you , often , to remove your boots before coming into the house with VIBRAM soles on.The only tougher and better boots I have seen and bought , have been just as happy with , are the White 's Smoke Jumper Logging Boots and they COST ALMOST $ 500.00 The FARM BOOTS are a great deal ! I wish more American companies made things with this amount of care / pride in the product , a good design philosophy , used quality materials and all put together with wonderful workmanship!The people at WORK AMERICA remind me and hearken back to an earlier time in this country , when something that was stamped AMERICAN MADE or MADE IN USA meant often this product was the best made in the world!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008D94HNQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 most comfortable shoes I have bought . I have bought Merrel and Dansko shoes ... these definitely are more comfortable and well built . Some of the other reviews said they ran small - I bought my normal size in a wide and they fit perfectly -LRB- I do n't normally need wide shoes -RRB- .
 These shoes can be worn with dress slacks and jeans . They look great with both . They are also super-comfortable . Anytime I know I will be on my feet all day , I am sure to wear these or the flat black pair that I bought last year .
 I use this shoe for work . I love the soft insole . It has great arch support . It 's such a comfortable and attractive shoe .
 I 'm the type of woman who likes the way heels look , but hates how they feel . This shoe gives a little added height without all the pitfalls of wearing a heel . Despite what others are saying , I found these ran about a 1/2 size large and had too much space at the heel where my heel would slide . I ended up returning the first pair and ordered a 1/2 size smaller ... problem solved . Also , I would n't call these a day to day shoe since they seem to be prone to scuffs . The width works well for me , I 'm between a reg . / wide width . Pretty comfortable for the most part , however your feet may tire if you wear these all day . The pads of my feet became sore after a long day 's work , but a great shoe for dinner or a night out .
 I work on my feet all day and needed a comfortable attractive show . I usually wear Danskos and wanted to try something new . These were perfect . I absolutely love them they are very comfortable . Broke in nicely .
 These shoes are a dream come true ! So difficult to find large shoes -LRB- 12 -RRB- that are cute AND comfy . I received these shoes and put them on immediately to test the fit . I have been cleaning my house now for over three hours and have n't taken them off yet ! They are very comfy and really need no break in period . Do n't think about buying these , just buy them !
 I absolutely love these shoes !! They are so comfortable and so sweet looking ! -LRB- I have the Mocha Patent . -RRB- I get so many compliments on them , even a guy friend -LRB- straight -RRB- noticed `` my kicks '' and commented on great they are . I can walk and stand in them for hours . I love that they slip on and off . sizing seems to be an issue - I had to try a couple of different sizes before I found the correct one . They do run narrow -LRB- which works for my skinny feet . -RRB- I ended up at in the middle of my size range but be prepared to exchange sizes . However
 I usually wear a 5.5 or 6 and have narrow feet . After reading the reviews , I ordered a 6.5 N to allow more length and got a GREAT price on them at the time I ordered . When they arrived , I found them to be very tight on my feet and almost sent them back . However , the length was fine , and after I used them a couple of times the leather stretched and they fit comfortably . The soles are spectacularly cushy and your feet will thank you for these shoes . I use them every day for work now . I wanted to buy a second back-up pair but I am upset to see that I would have to pay 3 times as much now .
 I love these shoes . They are cute and very comfortable . I wear to work , church and for dress up . I bought two pairs , the black patent and mocha patent . I have received numerous compliments on how cute they are .
 Super fast shipping . These shoes are super comfortable but take some wearing in to get used to . The strap is kinda tight so I had to walk in them for a while to get it loosened up . However , they are very comfy and it is a great deal . At the store they would charge over $ 100 .
 These shoes are wonderful ! I wore them the first time for 10 hours and they were comfortable the whole day ! I found them true to size . This was my first pair of SoftWalks and I would love to buy more .
 These shoes are extremely well made and insanely comfortable with the egg crate foot bed . I have several pairs of Softwalks and typically take a 9.5 medium or wide . I ordered these in the medium and they are a bit snug across the top of my foot and where the strap is , but they do have some give to them so they are still comfortable . If you do take wides sometimes I would definitely go for the wide in this style . The brown color is deep and rich and goes well with a lot of my fall clothes . They look really cute with jeans , too . They are very easy to walk in and I can even jog to keep up with my husband at the store , so he likes them too !
 When I got these shoes , I put them on and have n't taken them off . I have to buy another pair of these .
 These shoes are very comfy !! I really love these shoes - they look great and I can walk comfortably.There is a really nice cushion in the shoe and the sole is solid and sturdy . I want them in other colors !!
 I am walking on a cloud ! I purchased these in the Mocha Patent Leather , they are attractive and size was perfect for me -LRB- I wear a 7 -RRB- these were true to size for me . I work in a very large Retail Store , and as part of the management team do a lot of walking . Trust this shoe for quality and fit , and they are pretty yet practical , ca n't beat that .
 Softwalk makes some really nice shoes for folks with fasciitis and other foot issues that mean we need cush or our tootsies ache and swell . I have several pairs of SoftWalks -- a sanda/mule and three pumps . None fit the same , even though I 'm a 10D in almost all shoes out there.If SoftWalk could fix their fitting issues , life would be so much easier . Even so , I recommend them if you order/shop with a vendor who has free return shipping so you can try the next size up , down , wider as needed . Do n't take a chance on a no-free-return vendor , or you 'll be ticked if you need to resize.On these , they fit me at 10W , my normal size . Perfectly . No pinching , none of the notorious heel-slippage for which this brand is known -LRB- ie , you buy your size , but find the heel slips off as if it were just a scosh too long -RRB- . In general , I 've bought SolfWalk in a HALF SIZE down . Not these . These require your size , maybe a wider , maybe a half size longer . Only you can judge . But taking the time to find the right size is worth it cause 1 . these are majorly cute , especially in the shiny patent leather and 2 . the trademark egg crate cushion is exhilirating to achey soles . Oh , my . So nice.On the non-strap model fo these -LRB- ie , they look just like this but are n't Mary Janes , I forget the name -RRB- , I need a half size down . They were too large . Same with the MontClair , which was too large , but needed more width -LRB- ie , I could have gone with a WW -RRB- . I got the mules in 10W and they were fine , but then again , they are open , so there is more leeway.SoftWalk has n't really nailed their sizing , but they do make a cute and comfy line of shoes -LRB- not all , but some -RRB- , and are worth getting to know and working around , especialy if , like me , your feet are really a weak spot and need babying when it comes to footwear.Also , take note , that these are fixed straps . They have a bit of stretch to get you in there , but you do slip our foot in , as opposed to velcro-ing or buckling the strap on . If you have a very swollen/large top-of-foot , this may be a problem.Be patient and you 'll be rewarded . Enjoy .
 The footbed is a cushy mini-eggcrate . Ordered my usual size . Very comfortable with a thin sock . Good fit in the toe box . Strap has elastic to accommodate a high instep . Platform heel very stable . A well made , good looking shoe . Would buy again .
 I bought these to have a semi-stylish walking shoe -LRB- not easy to find -RRB- . Everything aside from the heel has been how I hoped . The heel is so hard be prepared for a blister or two .
 I was really anxious to get these shoes . I wear a 7 w or 71/2 m . They did not have these sizes in the price I wanted so I ordered a 71/2 w. I thought with the strap they would not slip . I was wrong . There is no adjustment for the strap , and my right foot slips up and down at the heel . The left foot is okay , but roomy . I would not recommend going up a1/2 size , since this is essentally what I did . I am going to keep them and wear probably with socks . Really a good shoe , I just did not need a wide . The shoe is constructed well , and looks like it will really last!They have lots of cushioning in the shoe .
 I 've been looking high and low for a navy shoe ... thought this might be it . After reading other reviews , I did get the 7-1/2 . This shoe does run on the small side . I can wear a 7 or 7-1/2 and the 7 never would have fit . This shoe is very comfortable . Wish the heel did not have the brown color on the sides . That adds to the clunkiness of it , which in my opinion is its ' only downside . I would have liked a bit more of a streamlined look . But if you 're looking for a shoe with some funky style -LRB- especially with shorter skirts -RRB- that is comfortable , this may be it . I 'll still look for a navy shoe that is a bit more `` streamlined '' , but this one will work for now .
 After waiting for these to go on sale , I took the advice of other reviewer 's and ordered a 9W instead of my normal width size 9 . I 'm happy I did because these fit well and were even roomy . The egg crate cushion is wonderful , but does flatten down a bit over time . I have walked long distances with no complaints and have enough room to wear a pair of thick socks . I did get the comment from my boyfriend that they looked a bit clunky/orthopedic , but I wear them mostly with long pants or jeans . They give me the height I wanted without being uncomfortable . I would recommend these and go for wide width if your foot is not narrow .
 I accidentally ordered two brown and one black , all the same size . When they came I simply pulled one out and tried it on . It was snug in the toe , but the price was right and it was cute so I was determined to make it stetch and wear it . After a couple of weeks of toes going numb it finally occurred to me to try the other pairs on . WOW ! There was at least a 1/2 size difference . The one I had been wearing ran VERY small . Since I could no longer send it back , I 'm saving it for my daughter in a year or two . Now , after wearing the other two pairs , I LOVE THEM . Very comfortable . Can wear them all day . Hold up well in rain and snow . Breath well enough that when I 'm in the car , the heater warms up my cold toes . Decent traction , but not great . But the comfort cant be beat . They do n't show water/snow/salt stains . They lood good w / everything from jeans to dress slacks and pearls . Will definitly buy SoftWalks again . I just now know to order multiple pairs of the same size to try-on , figuring I 'll return the ones that are irregular .
 I like these shoes a lot ... I 'd like them better if they were a half size smaller . Based on other reviews , I bought the size I usually wear ... some people had said to get a 1/2 size larger and I 'm really glad I did n't do that ! These shoes are a bit too big , but ok because I wear them with socks and jeans . The wedge makes them look cool but they are also super comfortable .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I purchased a pair of these boots over a year ago for my job as a local Mall Guard . I wanted steel toe protection just in case i had to break up a fight and some kid would try to step on my foot . Turned out the steel toe was unnessicary . What I can say was this boot held up resonably well under the conditions i put it through . I walked over 5 miles a day on a hard tile floor at first for 5 days a week then for 3 when i went to nights . these boots held up . After over a year and a half the front foot tread area is compleatly flat . the tread is worn compleatly off , at the back i have a large heel bevel but when i think about how much i walked with them on . Just to let you know the velvet ease comfort insole installed in the boot will flatten out in no time and your going to have to come up with one on your own , also its not really water proof . Just to let everyone know its a B.A Mason boot at a higher price , I got mine for 109 out of the Mason Catalog and thats what its really worth . Also it 's Made In China and they have the nerve to call it work america . So to sum up It 's a good boot thats going to do what an old school work boot was made to do , Its nothing fancy but it will do its job . Better Yet its cheap enough that when you wear em out you can toss em and get another pair . The only problem is the lack of padding and a very hard rubber sole . But of corse a cushion insole can fix that . Also they have a padded collar at the top to keep the leather from eating your ankle . I can attest to this i beat the crap out of mine and they held up . Another Nice feature is they do come in narrow B widths . If you cant find em here head on over to B.A Mason
 I received the shoes in a timely manner they are comfortable and made well .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 Altough the a3 Night Runner is not well publicised , it is a very good product , and stands up to all standards . It is very easy to run in and looks great . My Pair of Night Runners Lasted for 7 Months , you should for sure look into buying this product . Hats of to Adidas for making such a great shoe .
 Altough the a3 Night Runner is not well publicised , it is a very good product , and stands up to all standards . It is very easy to run in and looks great . My Pair of Night Runners Lasted for 7 Months , you should for sure look into buying this product . Hats of to Adidas for making such a great shoe .
 I was looking for some comfortable shoes and I came across these at a local department store . Because the store did n't have my size , I decided to look online . These are my first Skechers shoes and I found these to be incredibly light and comfortable as well as stylish/fashionable . I would definitely recommend these .
 I absolutely love these shoes ! They are so comfortable . If I had more gray in my wardrobe I would definitely wear these shoes everyday ! I use them to walk in or run in ! I have 2 additional pairs that I bought before buying these ones . I definitely recommend these shoes if you like comfort ! For the price I paid , they were a steal !
 These shoes are as comfortable as a walking shoe , but much less dull ! Now that I have some arthritis in my toe joints , comfort is even more important , so these shoes were a lucky find . I 'm comfortable and in style even walking many blocks . Of course , they work great for biking , too . I usually wear size 9 , but find these fit best if I order a half size up .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 Averaging about $ 100 , the Bostonian Tahoe is a moderately-priced shoe sporting a high-end look . The shoe itself is manufactured in India , yet has a sheen that reminds folks of Italy.The debate about shoe sizing is interesting to me , because I see two folks say that they downsize by a half-size while another person says they upsize by the same measure . Since I fall into the latter category -LRB- wearing 9.5 Bostonians versus 10.0 normally -RRB- , I guess I even up the mark . Given the variance , I 'd suggest Bostonian sizing is pretty standard.I bought these shoes because they fit well and looked nice - no great epiphany there . Whether they last for several years is yet an unknown question . But after being in business for more than 100 years -LRB- powered by the lovely waterfalls of the northern Boston suburbs -RRB- , they seem to have a pretty good bead on what folks are looking for ... and given the new manufacturing site in India , also what they 're willing to pay.Bostonian features `` First Flex '' construction , which suggests that the shoes need absolutely no break-in period . I 'll admit that 's a lie , as did the salesman from whom I bought these shoes -LRB- his took about 2-3 days to feel comfortable -RRB- . But hey , do you believe every marketing slogan you read?If you think they look good , and if they feel good on your feet , I 'd say buy 'em . For the price and character , you 're entering both a known quantity and a good product history .
 I am horrible on Shoes . My feet are very wide and I tend to walk over most shoes I purchase . These held up well . The only problem was the soles do get worn fairly quickly .
 Very good quality item . I 'm very satisfied with this purchase . I also saw same model on Clarks shop . It 's little narrow for my duck feet . Choose wide fit if you have the same problem I do .
 I have tried many shoes from various brands and the Bostonian `` Tahoe '' are by far the most comfortable , stylish , well designed shoes with the best fit IMHO . -LRB- In my humble opinion -RRB- All these features also come at a very reasonable price.These shoes seem a tight fit while in the store but after a couple of days of wear they will fit your feet perfectly . They 're also very stylish with a perfectly black gloss look all over which is also very easy to maintain . A couple minutes with the buffer every two weeks and they 're as good as new . I particularly like the `` Tahoe '' because of its design
 Was looking for a good shoe for Formal Wear . Found them at a local Mens Clothing store . Decided to go on line and shop around . The exact same Shoe but for 15 % less and free shipping . Total overall savings was 25 % . I am very pleased .
 I just bought this Bostonian Tahoe Oxford shoe and was very pleased how quickly it was delivered . I like buying online since I buy wide shoes and not every store carries a great selection . These shoes did come in a wide version and they fit great ...
 I bought a pair of these shoes in October 2007 . They look as good today and they did then . Care is quite easy , just a little polish now and then . The shoes have retained their shape well and the sole/heel wear evenly.A great looking shoe !
 I bought these shoes for my husband and I must say , they look sharp . He said they were hard at first , but very comfortable once broken in . Shoes are very well made - expensive looking and handsome . Highly recommend .
 Pros : - Shoes look shiny and beautiful . Very elegant , too . Having seen them on a Bostonian store , I knew the way they would look , so no dissapointment -LRB- nor surprise -RRB- there . - After four three weeks of use , they are still holding up good , with no visible crevices or lines . Hopefully , that will last for long!Cons : - Pricy .
 I got what they said I 'd get just one day after they said I 'd get it . Thanks .
 The article is very cost-effective dressing shoe.I will have another very soon . Very well designed .100 %
 This is a beautiful , well-made dress shoe that combines traditional oxford design with high quality materials . It features a smooth , full grain , blemishless , fully lined , leather upper , and a flexible leather sole with rubberized contact patches * . There is not much more that an Allen Edmonds , costing hundreds of dollars more , will get you.I got one in size 15M , which is my normal shoe size . Size 15M in this shoe is relatively tight-fitting at the arch , in comparison to my Florsheim 15M oxfords -LRB- two different models -RRB- . So , the gentleman that remarked in earlier comments about the size being a tad smaller is correct . If I had known , I would have gotten a half-size bigger . However , that would have added unnecessary shoe length when all I needed was a quarter inch of additional coverage at the arch . I wish shoe makers had an arch fitment scale like they have with the width of the foot , i.e. , medium , wide , extra wide , etc. * an earlier commenter mentioned that the rubberized outer lining on the sole started to come unglued after only a few months of wear ; I can not comment on this aspect yet as I have had these for only a few weeks yet , and have worn them only three or four time to date . I will update this review if I discover that I have this problem also .
 I could not believe what a great price I got for these pair of dress shoes . I wish Amazon would have sales like this often . Need a few times to break them in , but well worth the price .
 I have been wearing these around the house for 2 days to test the comfort and fit . They are very comfortable and cute too ! They are a bit stiff out of the box but I have been able to bend and stoop better than I would have thought when I first put them on . They are also surprisingly lightweight for warm winter boots . They are true to my size 9 womens foot . The only negative I can come up with is that the shaft is big and the laces do n't help in tightening them up . I do have small legs though and I do not tuck my pants into them either . If you have bigger calves or want to tuck in your jeans or snowpants you 'll be fine . My jeans fit over the top just fine . I would wear a long sock to keep them from rubbing my legs .
 I bought these boots to go four wheeling in . Not only are they perfect for that , they 're still nice enough to wear out in public too . Also another plus is that they are easy to clean , comfortable , and most importantly warm .
 These boots are very warm and they kept my feet dry . They are stiff and they need to be broken in before they can be worn for a long time .
 Solidly built boot , great value at this price . 400 grams of Thinsulate in each boot = warm feet .
 Love the boots ! Got them for a week in the mountains -LRB- Breckenridge -RRB- to walk and walk and walk in the snow and down the street and up the hill and to and from my kids ' ski lessons and tubing , etc. . No blisters right out of the box , very warm , and I tied them loosely for everyday wear so I could slip in and out of them easily . Have n't put them away since . I would highly recommend these boots .
 I 've had these boots for 2 years now and they are the best footwear purchase I have ever made ! I just spent a slushy few days in the NY snow and my feet were warm and dry the whole time , I wear them with thick wool socks and they are totally comfortable
 Warm and nice looking . A little stiff at first but after they are broken in they are comfortable .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 This boot quickly became my favorite . Light weight but tough and durable with soles that are easy to clean after working in the garden . After two years I 'm ready to get another pair but the old ones are still going strong .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 Color is off a bit based upon internet picture . Overall , nice looking shoe and semi-comfortable .
 i absolutely love these boots ! you can ware them with any thing . you can dress up with them , or throw on a pair of jeans & be totally relaxed but styling ! i love them . i own the black ones because for me , they go with every thing ! thanks ...
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 i absolutely love these boots ! you can ware them with any thing . you can dress up with them , or throw on a pair of jeans & be totally relaxed but styling ! i love them . i own the black ones because for me , they go with every thing ! thanks ...
 i absolutely love these boots ! you can ware them with any thing . you can dress up with them , or throw on a pair of jeans & be totally relaxed but styling ! i love them . i own the black ones because for me , they go with every thing ! thanks ...
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 I have one foot that pronates and one that suppenates , so naturally I 've had a hard time finding shoes that will allow me to run any distance at all . I 've tried motion control shoes but hated them because all they seemed to do was transfer the bad motion of my feet to my knees . Then the experts at the New Balance store at the Westshore Mall in Tampa hooked me up with these , and I 'm running without knee or foot pain for the first time in 15 years . Not fast and not all that far , yet , but I have hope for the first time in a long time . first triathlon in 10 years -- June 5 !
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 i absolutely love these boots ! you can ware them with any thing . you can dress up with them , or throw on a pair of jeans & be totally relaxed but styling ! i love them . i own the black ones because for me , they go with every thing ! thanks ...
 I purchased these boots as a replacement for some old hiking boots . I 'm not doing much hiking lately and have started training for the TOUGH MUDDER events . I was looking for a boot that can handle long -LRB- 5-15 miles -RRB- woods and trail runs on unstable , uneven , untracked ground . Mud , sand , snow , water , water , water , mud . I needed a boot that I could swim in short distances and hit the beach running or crawling depending on the circumstance . This boot handles man made obstacles and natures harshest terrain - it 's awesome . It is performing as expected . It keeps my feet and ankles well protected and is breaking in very nicely . It feels lighter than expected and actually floats . If you are looking for a super durable and great looking boot give this a look . They clean up really nice as well . I simply hose them off , pull the laces , apply mink oil and wear them to work with a tie and a smile . I did replace the factory footbed with a SUPERFEETSuperfeet Active Blue Insoles Bluefor a little more arch support as mine are very high . I also am a bit of a sock snob and only wear SMARTWOOLSmartwool Expedition Trekking Socks . I would have considered pink but they only come in black .
 When it comes to style I am a high class type of gal . That 's why when I went shopping for those perfect pair of shoes to wear on my wedding day , I looked no further than the U.S. Department of Defense . Do n't let the sexist `` men 's '' label turn you off . I ca n't possibly describe in words how stunningly feminine the boots really are . They 're even daintier than the picture suggests ! Everything about them screams luxury ; much like my mother did when I told her I was going to pair these with my great-grandma 's wedding gown . You 're going to feel as beautiful as a young girl on her first tour of Iraq . I was even more excited to learn about the inherent blood-borne pathogen protection , certainly a comfort to anybody hoping to invite their conquered third world friends to reception . Believe me , when my commando saw me walking down the church aisle in these he could n't wait to get me back to his tank.Sadly , this fine product only gets four stars because of a surprising lack of color choices . I would 've preferred off-white or pink .
 I love these . If I won the lottery I 'd buy some in each type and then more in case something happens to those.As for sizing , I average 8 and a half , so I picked a 9 . It worked out pretty well , though they fit better after I thought to lace them up tighter , and I can wear them with or without regular socks . In fact , one day I spent 17 hours in these and I was n't too worse for the wear.My only concern would be the smooth tread . Sometimes on well-polished linoleum I 've felt like I was about to slip and fall on my arse , but if I remember not to run around like a spazz then it will hopefully never happen .
 These boots are exactly as pictured and described . They are extremely comfortable , and seem to be very well constructed . I also received them days earlier than expected .
 i absolutely love these boots ! you can ware them with any thing . you can dress up with them , or throw on a pair of jeans & be totally relaxed but styling ! i love them . i own the black ones because for me , they go with every thing ! thanks ...
 I got my husband a pair and he loves them , he said they 're very comfy .
 Propet is a terrific shoe and this was an awesome price . Arrived in 2 days !
 i absolutely love these boots ! you can ware them with any thing . you can dress up with them , or throw on a pair of jeans & be totally relaxed but styling ! i love them . i own the black ones because for me , they go with every thing ! thanks ...
 i absolutely love these boots ! you can ware them with any thing . you can dress up with them , or throw on a pair of jeans & be totally relaxed but styling ! i love them . i own the black ones because for me , they go with every thing ! thanks ...
 I really really * love * these slippers . I needed a pair of slippers with some arch support and these were the first pair I tried that actually * did * support my foot properly . They 're wonderfully soft and cushy with that ` warm and fuzzy ' feeling , while at the same time the base is supportive and there really is an arch support to them .
 I purchased these for my mother -LRB- who is quite picky about her slippers -RRB- for Christmas and she loves them ! They are very comfortable -LRB- a treat for the feet ! -RRB- and they are sturdy enough to wear outside when slipping out to retrieve the morning newspaper off the driveway . She loves the open toe so her toes can `` breathe '' and loves the extra thick sole most slippers do not have . They do great through the washing machine and dryer , too .
 Sippers are great . Very comfortable . Great price , too . Feet just beg for them at the end of the day .
 Love these slippers . They are so soft and comfy . The foot bed is supportive and feels great after wearing them all day . I am only buying Acorn slippers from now on . They also clean up nicely in the washer .
 They are comfortable and feel true to size . They are extremely cute and I get compliments from both male and female each time I wear them .
 These shoes are soooo comfortable and cute . The only weird thing about them is that they seem to be a little bigger than normal sizes , so I had to go down a 1/2 size in them .
 i absolutely love these boots ! you can ware them with any thing . you can dress up with them , or throw on a pair of jeans & be totally relaxed but styling ! i love them . i own the black ones because for me , they go with every thing ! thanks ...
 I liked what I paid for . The shoes are extremely comfortable . Nice cushioning and light weight too . I can also feel a good amount of ventillation while i 'm running or working out ! Delivery by amazon was quick too.I think overall these shoes are worth all the money .
 I really liked the product . It is comfortable to wear and looks good too .
 Appearance , support , cushion , all are good . The shoe is bouncy , Adidas have made a good shoe for a good price , I use this for running on pavements as well as in forest reserves , the other shoe I use is Adidas Climacool , Good for running and also on weekends ,
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I ordered these shoes because I had a pair that I loved and wore them out . I could not find them and decided to order them . When I got them I did not notice the sparkles on the side . -LRB- I did not have on previous pair . -RRB- All I can say is , '' Everyone loves them and I do too . '' so comfy .
 these are very light and comfortable . i have wider feet than normal so when i run for a long time -LRB- 1 hour or more -RRB- my big toe tends to become a bit sore , but other than that they 're great
 my son loved these shoes and they have lasted through a lot of active outdoor play .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 great product ... good leather touch ... i even play basketball with this shoes and it works fine for me . . Moreover , the discount on this product was amazing ... a good buy .
 verry confortable great style and just a great prouduct .
 SEDUCE 5 Inch Classic Pump Shoes White Leather Sexy High Heel PleaserI was pleased with the styling and fit of this high stiletto heeled pump . The shoe is supporting the heel of the foot , instead of the back of the foot like so many of today 's footwear have been designed . This gives better support optically and proportionately for the wearer because the arch of your foot does n't look like it bears your total weight . If the arch is supporting your total weight , the rate of fatigue and pain will increase making walking and standing more of an effort and uncomfortable .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 Brooks Women 's Vapor Running shoes are wonderful . I got a fantastic deal on Amazon . I am so glad my friend e-mail me about them . I workout in them every day . They are very comfortable , just the right amount of support . Love them !
 I purchased these shoes because I read great things about them . The day after I received them in the mail I ran 8 miles and had no problems !
 This shoe is great for running or just everyday running around . It feels true to size and width and is very cushiony and comfortable . This is my second pair of this style and I love them !
 First time buying shoes on line . A little leery about fit and etc. . Everything was as described , great quality , shipped fast , and I would buy again .
 Its surprisingly comfortable . I 've worn it to 2 weddings and numerous nights out . And I get so many compliments ! This shoe is to die for .
 I love these shoes - they are reminiscent of the 40 's . Nice option for black summer shoes .
 I bought these shoes as a Christmas present for my husband . He is a truck driver and is constantly in and out of his truck . He has to unload the trailers by hand , and as a result he is always out in the weather . What I was looking for was combination of diffrent shoes in one . They needed to be warm , comfortable , easy to put on , have steel toes , and be rugged as a hiking boot . And these shoes were perfect . They were so comfortable they required NO `` breaking in '' time . They wore comfortable from the start . They keep his feet warm and his feet do not hurt near as much as they used to . There has been three boxes dropped on his feet , the steel toes have proven their worth , there has been no injuries to his feet . The product was shipped quickly and recieved in excellent condition.I highly recommed these shoes to anyone , and in the future will only buy from this Company.Thanks , Angela
 Considering the price this is an ok item . The problem though is that the stitches protrude through and can hurt your toes . I would suggest to buy something better
 bought these for work and for concerts -LRB- mosh pits etc -RRB- . comfy from day 1 , durable , just buy it
 Good , one of the best shoe and boots madeMen 's Hi-Tec Altitude IV Nubuck Leather Hikers
 From day one , working at a concrete plant these shoes were comfortable , with a perfect fit and lightness I have never had in a regular work boot . At the end of the day your feet will definitely thank you . To my surprise , when I accidentally stepped in and left my foot in a puddle of water , my foot stayed dry except for a small trickle that made its way past the tongue area . I did n't remember reading anything about water repellent or proof , but they have proved to be , time and again with the pair I have purchased . Magnum definitely has my vote for a quality rugged yet comfortable shoe in the M6 .
 These shoes are great ! I 'm a Biology student at Sim&oacute;n Bol&iacute;var University in Caracas , Venezuela , and I used the shoes next day I 've got them for cave exploration -LRB- Alfredo Jahn Caves , Venezuela -RRB- ; no break-in time , wore confortably from day 1 , very well built , slip resistant -LRB- very important when climbing on wet rocks with a heavy backpack -RRB- , and a great deal water resistant -LRB- unless of course , you completely dip your feet in water -RRB- . I 'm very happy for this purchase and I strongly recommend it .
 These sneakers are great ! They look even better than the picture and they did not need any break in time . The shipping was very fast , considering I work in Egypt . But again , a very good buy .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I bought these boots looking for something comfortable and stylish for work . These are perfect ! The natural color can really lend itself to most lighter clothes or cute with skirt ! I find myself wearing them alot especially when I wear jeans ! They are comfortable for being something from BCBGirls . I worried about sizing being a little smaller-but , for me the sizing was right on . These were a great purchase and they get a lot of wear without ever being a hassle !
 Awesome shoe , very stylish . It does run a size too big . These are going back , and too bad because they do n't have a size smaller than mine anymore ...
 This is a very comfortable and stylish shoe . I have the black and it is a very modern looking shoe . I think the shoe is a full size larger than what I would normally wear . The width is perfect . I recommend this shoe for anyone looking for a casual-to-dressy type shoe .
 This shoe is very comfortable and durable . You wo n't regret the buy cause it is worth every penny .
 First off , believe the other reviewers who say these shoes run a size too big . If you need a size 9 , buy an 8 . That said , these shoes are fantastic for the price . I bought the black , tried them on for an hour , and liked the comfort and look so much that I went back to Amazon to buy the brown -LRB- too bad they were sold out in my size -RRB- . These shoes even pass the girlfriend test , she is a major fashionista and says these look good , and ca n't believe what I paid for them . Pay attention to the sizing issue , then buy with confidence .
 These shoes are amazing for the price . Both the black and the brown look better in person . I have gotten many compliments on these shoes . Sometimes Amazon inflates their prices to make a good deal seem even better , I think their original price seems legit on these . I got a half size smaller in these and they fit perfectly . Generally I ca n't go a size down when others recommend it , but for these I would recommend it . If you see these in your size , snag em ! You will be glad you did !!!
 I got these stylish shoes at amazon and they are great for that price , shipping was free and shipped same day i purchased , got in a couple of days.Its not the first time me shopping with amazon these guys are great.vinod gattu
 Great shoes , especially at the fire-sale price Amazon had them at -LRB- ~ $ 30 -RRB- . I went back to get a second pair , and pphhht , they were gone . I was n't familiar with the brand , but when I was scouring Amazon 's site for more of them , I found most other shoes of the brand were substantially pricier . They 're probably reasonably priced at $ 125 or even $ 150 ; I 'd buy a couple extra pairs if I could get them for $ 75 . They fit very well -LRB- if a bit long -RRB- , and they 're quite comfortable ; and , spot-on , size-wise .
 This boot runs true to size . My daughter is a size 9 and this will fit for the winter with a thick sock for her to go cross country skiing . Very nice . Well made and good amount of insulation to spend a little time outside . Great price and free shipping . Good deal again from amazon !
 I love these boots . They are a little heavy ; but easy to walk in . Fit true to size!These are perfect for the Chicago winters .
 These boots are very well insulated and kept my feet toasty warm all day long in the snow in western MD while snow tubing . They are very easy to get on and off as they have a zipper that runs down the front of the boot vs. the side like most others . They are very comfortable to walk in also and have thick tread for traction .
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 I love this shoe and they look so much better on your foot , but be careful , i am a true size 9 and i needed to order a 9 1/2 .
 My Aunt Mary loves this shoe . She has been wearing the pair she has for so long that they are `` taped '' together . She has searched everywhere to try and get a `` new '' pair . Finding them to order for her has made her so happy . I bought both the white and black and sent them to her for Christmas . Now she can bronze the old pair !! THANKSSandy
 My son loved these shoes . Will go perfectly with his navy tux . They are so navy they are almost black . Have to hold them in the right light to see the navy so guess they could double for black if youre not gon na be on stage ... which my son is . So will have to get them in black as well .
 I am very satisfied with the product . really what I wanted , excellent material and finish . Agrees as described on the site . Arrived on time and in perfect condition .
 Great shoe for a great price . I think the shoe looks much more expensive than it is priced . I get complimented on them all the time . I also bought the black ones .
 Thank you ' For my recent order , i , m very pleased and satisfied in the timely order it was sent thank 's '' .
 These are very nice shoes for a reasonable price . They were comfortable to wear even the first time I put them on . They 're very sharp looking and much shinier than the picture indicates . Size was right on the button . I 'll be looking to buy more Stacy Adams shoes in the future .
 Best shoes I have ever worn . I only wish I could get more colors . I have been waiting for more for months .
 These shoes are not only very cute , they are super comfortable . I wore them to a wedding and was able to dance without any soreness . I highly recommend them !
 This is a great wedge sandal . Bought the white last year and it fit so great and was so comfortable I bought another white pair this year , and bought the black , the beige and the tan/brown . I can not wear a really high heel and this heel is absolutely perfect . It feels so great on the foot and fits perfectly - it 's almost like not knowing you have shoes on . Absolutely perfect with jeans . Just wished the black would have black stitching instead of brown but I wear it anyway . Living in Las Vegas you can wear sandals almost all year and I wear these as much as I can
 My sandals arrived today . Firstly , the shoes arrived after only 2 days of ordering them . At first glance , they looked so pretty . I already worn them today and I am so pleased with them . They fit just right and they give me the support I need in my heels . I have been wearing only Clark 's shoes for 4 years now since being diagnosed with arthritis . I was looking for a summer sandal that I could all day without experiencing pain in my heels . The sandals are not only stylish , but the fit is perfect .
 The sandals were very comfortable and are easy to walk in . I though they seemed to be about a half size larger than usual . They are stylish and I really like them .
 They are very comfortable to wear , and although I 'm already 5 '11 I do not feel `` too '' tall in them . I bought the red which match with a skirt , but I wish they had them available in the multi .
 I have these in the multi-color . They feel great and are stylish . I wore these shoes underneath my wedding dress . These shoes were soo comfortable . I have been looking for a second pair size 6 in any color for over a year .
 These shoes are just great ! They are like walking on air . I must say though , that they definitely run a 1/2 size larger than they are marked . I tried two different style from Clarks and I had to return both for a 1/2 size smaller because they were just too long .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 Great shoe , comfortable and good looking . They do make an air noise , though whenver I step ; as if air is being let out , like a poof.I wish I had read the shipping fine print before I ordered from the vendor I ordered from . It took forever to get the shoes . Probably the longest transit time to receive an order ever in the entire history of my online ordering career !
 Great shoes , great price and no driving to the mall ! I guess the title says it all.Until recently , I had no idea that I could buy shoes -LRB- and almost everything but a spouse , which , fortunately , I already have !! -RRB- on Amazon.However , I think I 'll be buying lots of shoes here in the future . These slingbacks arrived in just a few days despite the super saver -LRB- read
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 I 'm hardly a fan of Jessica Simpson , but some of her shoes are wicked cute ! They also usually have 4 + inch heels , which can be daunting ... so I was n't sure I 'd like the Dell . But once I slipped it on , I did n't want to take it off!Yes , the heel is almost 5 inches high , and it 's a stiletto , but the 1-inch platform helps even it out a bit and although I generally stick to sneakers or flats , I have very little trouble wearing these shoes for a full day at work . The leather upper is soft , yet sturdy and also helps steady your balance with its width . Also , the slingback heel strap ensures the shoe wo n't slip off . By the end of the day , the balls of my feet are somewhat sore because they take most of the pressure , but that 's to be expected and it 's my only complaint.I also love the peep toe . It 's the perfect size , small enough to be called a peep toe but not so small that you can hardly see skin at all . The almost marbled color of the platform is a good balance to the solid leather , so you can dress down with jeans or dress up for a night out . My fianc&eacute; rarely comments on my shoes because I have so many , but when I wore these , even he said they were sexy !
 Loved these shoes , they were very cute but too narrow for my foot . I wear a size 7 normally and the size was ok , just wish the width came in wide . Sadly I had to return them .
 Bought these for my anime/manga loving teen and she loves them . The quality is very good and they are so cute . Just like in the picutre .
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 THE BOOT THAT I ORDERED IS EXTREMELY CONFORTABLE AND IN GREAT SHAPE . BRAND NEW BOOT AND QUALITY LEATHER , I WILL DEFINITELY ORDER AGAIN .
 I have purchased many pairs of boots from Amazon and elsewhere . The Stewart Boot by Gordon Rush is by far the most comfortable and stylish boot I have ever bought . And the price was unbelievably low . An unbeatable combination.Al Ferber
 These shoes are awesome . Not only do they give me enough height , but they are comfortable . You might want to invest in a longer pair of jeans though . These shoes are so tall all your other jeans will look like highwaters ! : -RRB-
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 I love these shoes , they are everything that i wanted for my wedding and they are even comfortable to wear all day long !!!
 My daughter loved these shoes . They were better than described and exactly what she needed . They were great quality shoes and at a very resonable price !
 Averaging about $ 100 , the Bostonian Tahoe is a moderately-priced shoe sporting a high-end look . The shoe itself is manufactured in India , yet has a sheen that reminds folks of Italy.The debate about shoe sizing is interesting to me , because I see two folks say that they downsize by a half-size while another person says they upsize by the same measure . Since I fall into the latter category -LRB- wearing 9.5 Bostonians versus 10.0 normally -RRB- , I guess I even up the mark . Given the variance , I 'd suggest Bostonian sizing is pretty standard.I bought these shoes because they fit well and looked nice - no great epiphany there . Whether they last for several years is yet an unknown question . But after being in business for more than 100 years -LRB- powered by the lovely waterfalls of the northern Boston suburbs -RRB- , they seem to have a pretty good bead on what folks are looking for ... and given the new manufacturing site in India , also what they 're willing to pay.Bostonian features `` First Flex '' construction , which suggests that the shoes need absolutely no break-in period . I 'll admit that 's a lie , as did the salesman from whom I bought these shoes -LRB- his took about 2-3 days to feel comfortable -RRB- . But hey , do you believe every marketing slogan you read?If you think they look good , and if they feel good on your feet , I 'd say buy 'em . For the price and character , you 're entering both a known quantity and a good product history .
 I am horrible on Shoes . My feet are very wide and I tend to walk over most shoes I purchase . These held up well . The only problem was the soles do get worn fairly quickly .
 Very good quality item . I 'm very satisfied with this purchase . I also saw same model on Clarks shop . It 's little narrow for my duck feet . Choose wide fit if you have the same problem I do .
 I have tried many shoes from various brands and the Bostonian `` Tahoe '' are by far the most comfortable , stylish , well designed shoes with the best fit IMHO . -LRB- In my humble opinion -RRB- All these features also come at a very reasonable price.These shoes seem a tight fit while in the store but after a couple of days of wear they will fit your feet perfectly . They 're also very stylish with a perfectly black gloss look all over which is also very easy to maintain . A couple minutes with the buffer every two weeks and they 're as good as new . I particularly like the `` Tahoe '' because of its design
 Was looking for a good shoe for Formal Wear . Found them at a local Mens Clothing store . Decided to go on line and shop around . The exact same Shoe but for 15 % less and free shipping . Total overall savings was 25 % . I am very pleased .
 I just bought this Bostonian Tahoe Oxford shoe and was very pleased how quickly it was delivered . I like buying online since I buy wide shoes and not every store carries a great selection . These shoes did come in a wide version and they fit great ...
 I bought a pair of these shoes in October 2007 . They look as good today and they did then . Care is quite easy , just a little polish now and then . The shoes have retained their shape well and the sole/heel wear evenly.A great looking shoe !
 I bought these shoes for my husband and I must say , they look sharp . He said they were hard at first , but very comfortable once broken in . Shoes are very well made - expensive looking and handsome . Highly recommend .
 Pros : - Shoes look shiny and beautiful . Very elegant , too . Having seen them on a Bostonian store , I knew the way they would look , so no dissapointment -LRB- nor surprise -RRB- there . - After four three weeks of use , they are still holding up good , with no visible crevices or lines . Hopefully , that will last for long!Cons : - Pricy .
 I got what they said I 'd get just one day after they said I 'd get it . Thanks .
 The article is very cost-effective dressing shoe.I will have another very soon . Very well designed .100 %
 This is a beautiful , well-made dress shoe that combines traditional oxford design with high quality materials . It features a smooth , full grain , blemishless , fully lined , leather upper , and a flexible leather sole with rubberized contact patches * . There is not much more that an Allen Edmonds , costing hundreds of dollars more , will get you.I got one in size 15M , which is my normal shoe size . Size 15M in this shoe is relatively tight-fitting at the arch , in comparison to my Florsheim 15M oxfords -LRB- two different models -RRB- . So , the gentleman that remarked in earlier comments about the size being a tad smaller is correct . If I had known , I would have gotten a half-size bigger . However , that would have added unnecessary shoe length when all I needed was a quarter inch of additional coverage at the arch . I wish shoe makers had an arch fitment scale like they have with the width of the foot , i.e. , medium , wide , extra wide , etc. * an earlier commenter mentioned that the rubberized outer lining on the sole started to come unglued after only a few months of wear ; I can not comment on this aspect yet as I have had these for only a few weeks yet , and have worn them only three or four time to date . I will update this review if I discover that I have this problem also .
 I could not believe what a great price I got for these pair of dress shoes . I wish Amazon would have sales like this often . Need a few times to break them in , but well worth the price .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 Great sandal . I love the looks of this sandal . The fit good at a larger size than I usually take .
 Very pleased with the product . These sandals are ideal for anyone who is conscious about their feet . The beauty of these sandals is that they 're comfortable and casual yet they 're stylish enough to use with dressy clothes.Since size 8US was unavailable , I ordered an 8 1/2 which I believe is the equivalent to the US size .
 The very first time I wore it I felt it was made for me ; no `` breaking-in '' period required . Quality leather , workmanship , and styling - I get many compliments on this one !
 The shoes are too cute ! Pretty comfortable but take a little getting used to .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 Cute , comfortable , and cheap ! I love these shoes so much I bought two pairs -LRB- different colors of course -RRB- and I still want more !
 I bought Saucony Jazz from a different on-line vendor first . They were so comfortable that I had to buy more . Amazon had these at the best price so I bought them . Wonderful shoes .
 These are my favorite shoes . Stores no longer carry them but i was happy to find that amazon did . Super comfortable and no break in time needed .
 I struggled over which sneakers to get to replace my over-5-years-old ones that were falling apart . I am allowed to wear sneakers to work but wanted them to look decent and not get dirty easily . These shoes are the perfect choice , and the comfort is outstanding . I look forward to buying more Jazz sneakers in different color schemes - some of them are really fun and springy , while I might get some dark red ones next fall . Love .
 Great fit and super comfortable . I wear them everyday . I broke my ankle a few months ago and needed some comfortable shoes to wear with my brace . These were perfect and much more stylish than regular old running shoes .
 These are the most comfortable shoes . I wear them for walking and they are lightweight and last a long time . I searched a long time to find them as I had the last pair for 5 years . Then I found them again , Amazons price being the best . They are also true to size and look good on . I take a 9 1/2 so most tennis shoes make my feet look big , but not these . Highly recommend these shoes if you want a comfy pair of all around sneakers that last .
 I was thrilled when I was able to replace my original sneakers with the exact same model I had enjoyed so much in the past . My new shoes arrived quickly and were exactly as advertised . I was pleasantly surprised to also receive an additional set of `` black '' laces , which will give me a totally different `` second '' look . I highly recommend this vendor and would definitely order from them again !
 I have been buying these for years ; they are by far , the most comfortable shoes I have owned . I do not use them for exercising , but every day wear type of deal . Love the `` throw back '' design and buy at least two pairs a year . I still ca n't get rid of my old ones though , they just get used in yard work or camping situations . Even after a few years of use and wear and tear , the comfort is still there .
 Fun and stylish with lots of flare on the road - a solid street shoe - a real runners favorite
 Wore these for 14 hours right out of the box . Very comfortable the whole day . The shoe itself appears cute and stylish . -LRB- Black & silver -RRB- I ordered a half size up as I do with all athletic shoes and there was plenty wiggle room . Very pleased with my purchase .
 I have been buying these Original Womans Jazz for years . They are the only Sneakers that I can wear because I had stress fractures in my feet from not enough support . I hope they never discontinue them . And they last a long long time . I wear them every day . Have never had a more comfortable shoe .
 I 'm a nurse and I work on concrete floors 8-12 hours a day . I 've tried numerous brands of running/walking shoes -LRB- New Balance , Mizuno , Adidas , Nike -RRB- but for the past year , I 've been wearing these and I would n't trade them for any other brand . The cushioning in these shoes is unparalleled . Previously , I had to buy new shoes every 6 months or so because the cushion would wear out and my joints would become achey . I 've worn the same pair of Saucony Jazz for a full year and only now am I replacing them . You ca n't beat the price -- at least 50 % cheaper than the higher end runners I 've tried -LRB- I used to wear Adidas Supernova and went to these after they were no longer produced -RRB- . I have had several pair to wear around town -- the color combinations are terrific and fun and they are great for walking / travelling . I order mine 1/2 a size larger only to allow for thick socks/foot swelling -LRB- I used to do double shifts and the foot swelling was awful by the end of the day -RRB- but I find that they are true to size . The foot bed is n't very molded , so if they do n't fit well size-wise your feet may slide around but that does n't deter me at all from wearing them every day & I just tighten the laces . I do not run in these , so I can not speak to how well they do for running . Overall , I ca n't recommend these highly enough for you if you 're on your feet all day . Take it from a 12 year nursing veteran -- give these a chance !
 I asked for these for Christmas and I was so excited to get them ! Great product ! Comfortable ! Cute and great price ! I want to get a pair in every color !
 Very comfortable ... The fit is good and true to size , color is what I wanted . I recommend these sneakers for any activity .
 These shoes are super cute and comfortable . They come with both white and navy blue laces for you to choose from -LRB- I personally like the navy laces better -RRB- and they fit true to size . Plus , I got them for a great price !
 Otherwise perfectly good shoes . Comfortable , decent arch support , good for walking but cute enough to wear around town . Great price . Will not be getting these for working out again , though . oops .
 I really like the Shadow and jazz sneakers . thank your including the dark navy laces-the white were a bit stark in contrast to the shoe . Wish the white on the sole was navy too . Do you still make the all leather kind of shadow / jazz sneaker ?
 These are like a sneaker/tennis shoe hybrid . The soles are thick and the material is lightweight . I have bad knees so I was looking for something stylish and comfortable to wear at work and these fit the bill perfectly !
 These Saucony Jazz shoes are very comfortable . They are springy , padded and with just enough heel and arch support . You can rely on consistent fit and comfort in all colors . If they wear down , use gel inserts after months of walking/running . I paid $ 39 at another website after this purchase and free shipping both ways !
 I have been wearing Saucony Sneakers for three years . I have yet to find a comfier pair of walking shoes .
 I absolutely love my Saucony Jazz Low Pro runners , I ca n't wear any other shoe then this ! I 've since ordered another pair in a different color ! They look pretty awesome with almost every outfit !
 These shoes are sweet ! Ever since I got them , I have worn them just about every day . They are comfy and look sweet . I 've gotten a lot of compliments from people who like my new shoes ! I would definitely buy this brand again -- heck , maby i 'll get them in a different color ... that 's how much I like them !
 I love these shoes !! I have a pair of black and silvers and they really are my favorite pair of shoes . I 'd say they give you at least a good inch in height , so my pants are n't dragging on the ground and it makes me look leaner . It 's a simple style that is really good looking ! I own the suede/nylon ones opposed to the all leather ones , and my only con about them is that the suede can fade due to too much walking in the snow or rain . This may be eliminating by spraying them and avoiding those conditions !! Otherwise they 're comfortable and I would n't give em up for the world !!
 These shoes are so cushy , I literally felt like Tigger while effortlessly bouncing around in them the first day or two . They definitely made my walking/running routine much easier and go by faster . Hope I 'm not wearing the inner cushioning down too quickly ! Thankfully , though , they 're affordable enough to be able to purchase every now and again . They also do have a slight heel , so if you 're used to walking in relative flats -LRB- like Converse , or -LSB- Ugg -RSB- boots all winter -RRB- then they may take a tiny adjustment . But the small height helps one appear more elongated . The colors are awesome , but never can decide , and classic black goes with nearly everything . Awesome , fun shoes ! ... and free shipping !
 I am very pleased with this purchase . The shoes were exactly what I wanted . They were delivered with in a week .
 I wear these sneakers out til there 's not much left of them , then replace them . I wear them to work out - they 're very comfortable . They are a mainstay in my closet .
 These are the most comfortable shoe . I have wide feet and work on a hard surface all day . These shoes are fantastic . They feel great from the first wearing . Light weight and so cushy but supportive ! I have the castelrock/lavender combo ... The lavender is more of a light plum color . Lovely and feminine without being kiddish . Looks great with jeans .
 My first experience with Saucony were a beat up pair my mother used to run marathons in , during the late 70 's . I took them because they were easy to slip on and off when I was at swim meets . The main thing I noticed was that they supported my arch . Which if you have arches that a little higher than normal these shoes solved my problem.I then bought a second pair of dark blue which were my constant companions during my last three years of high school . I wore them for gym , practice for several sportsThe summer before my freshman year at college I managed to find a pair of light purple and bought those . They have lasted me through walking through my quad , relay for life and when I have to walk a mile to the train each night after school.So it was a no brainer to bring them along when I went overseas . This is after three years of wear and tear . But I could not afford another pair . So I walked in them along roads , running for buses , ran on a beach , waded into the ocean and even climbed a mountain in them . Yes I got tired but my feet never got blisters nor did my arches feel like they were breaking in half slowly . Plus they dry really quickly.I wondered if maybe they needed to be retired after everything I put them through.I was wrong they still were fine to be worn . As our my other two pairs.I love these shoes .
 I own three pairs of these in various colors , and they 're the comfiest shoes I have . Great color combos , too .
 I have worn this style for quite some time . I have arthritis in my feet and these were the most comfortable and looked nice . I always received complements from all ages . Now , I have had successful surgery on my feet ! My podiatric surgeon approved these shoes for me to wear and so I bought a new pair . He likes the fact that they provide good support and cushioning .
 would recommend anyone who wants a comfortable and stylish shoe . wore sauconys in high school and I love them then and I love them now . only thing is they run a half size small . . so if u wear a 9 ... buy a 9.5 for a better fit .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 I bought these in bronze about 2 years ago . They were on sale at Amazon and got free shipping too . The first couple of wears were tough , they were uncomfortable on the sides of my feet where the strap hit . This is worth mentioning since these were medium width and I have a skinny foot . After they broke in they were super comfortable even after many marathon shopping trips . They are very pretty and feminine too . Unfortunately I got some insect repellent on them and the bronze color melted off . Too bad . I have been waiting for them to go on sale again .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 These shoes are comfy and cute ! they feel great and look really cute with jeans and also a pair of sweats !!!
 These sandals are one of the most comfortable sandals I have ever worn . You can walk all day in them . They run a little bigger than other sandals -- I wish I had bought a half size smaller . They look great .
 I 've always loved Clarks and was not disappointed with these slides ~ look great and are quite comfortable . Very cushy on every step .
 I am very pleased with this sandal for a number of reasons
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 I bought these shoes for my son because he wanted white shoes . He 's hard on shoes so I was reluctant to spend alot on a pair of white shoes.These were a steal at $ 17 and my son loves them ! He says they are comfy and they match everything !
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 not easy to find good shoes online but I really love this one ... the shoe is nicer than the picture shown . Hubby loves them !!!
 I found these at K&G ; about 4 years ago and loved them . The shoes are a bit stiff at first but break in after about 10 wears or so . I love them because I can wear them at work in the business attire setting but also pair them with a suit and they look great either way . They definitely fit a formal and a semi formal setting great . As far as appearance they are a classy looking shoe without looking pretentious or ostentatious.I would give them 5 stars except for one thing . They scuff relatively easy and the beautiful brown color gives way to a lighter more tan color . For me personally I like the look of slight wear in the shoes but some may not.These are sturdy shoes . I wore them about 2-3x 's per week over a four year period for work and then occasionally for more formal affairs and it was about four to five years before the soles started to separate from the rest of the shoe . I immediately came on amazon and bought another pair
 As usual Giorgio Brutini makes a quality mens shoe , I use it for work , I do sales in a retail setting and I am on my feet for about 8-12 hours a day . I stand at 6 ' 6 and weigh about 350lb -LRB- I 'm very big -RRB- , and I dont really feel like the support in these is that bad . I wear them every day and I have gotten at least a year out of every pair , which is more than I can say for most shoes that I put through that kind of abuse .
 I bought these shoes as a gift . I was very pleased with the way they looked when I received them . They are very stylish .
 I was looking for shoes to wear to work -LRB- Bank -RRB- and these are WAY too nice for that . I now where them when I am out on the town . Beautiful product .
 Great mahogony color that stands out . You do n't find too many shoes this vibrant color . Great for a casual night out
 Used to live in a land where a glance at man 's shoes , watch and several other accoutrements would summarize if he was a player or not ... in other words , I was a guy I would never like if I met myself now . And these shoes are part of the revolution ! The color brown is dangerous , the elf-like upturn of the toe , the exposed stitching and very square toe - they exclaim `` I could n't give a rat 's patooty whether you think I 'm a player -LRB- a decision maker , a person with the power to make someone else wealthy ... -RRB- or not . `` These shoes say that , not too loudly , but above the vibe in that room , while somewhat fashionably standing their own ground , on my own two feet .
 Uniquely styled shoes , almost last a year , but I walk a lot tho . Would have lasted longer if I drove more . I 'm on my second pair and plan to get the brown also . If you want stylish shoes at a great price , get these . Friends and strangers alike ask me where I got them from and how they can get a pair .
 I am just trying to find out what exactly is going with my order because i still aint receive it yet and i already paid everything can i please have a status .
 I bought these shoes over 11 months ago . They are great shoes that do curl at the front , however , news flash that is the style . I 've had other guys initiate conversation with me just because they wanted to know where I got them from . I 've been very pleased with the wear and tear . They are finally starting to get a hole in the sole , however the tops look almost as new as the day I bought them with some normal rubbing.If you want a comfortable stylish shoe this one is highly recommended by me . Thanks , Kerry
 This shoe fits very well , and is very elegant . I am very satisfied with it .
 Hey , if you want a great pair of DRESS shoes go for these Brutinis . If you are looking for a casual shoe I would look for something else . The angle and profile of the shoe makes it difficult to wear with everyday clothes ... unless you are a model : o -RRB-
 We males tend by default to think utilitarianly . We want shoes that are comfortable , durable , cheap . To think stylishly is think almost girlishly , we think . But we also , more than almost anything , want to be respected . And we know on some subconscious level that pizza-stained t-shirts and utilitarian shoes are not the speediest way to respectability.These shoes strike a nice balance in that inherent male conflict . They are relatively cheap -LRB- practical ! -RRB- but also have a mildly sleek shine and shape . They are n't the most comfortable shoes for moving around , nor do they go well with pizza-stained t-shirts , but that might be a sacrifice you are willing to make for a chance at speedier respectability .
 I have alot of dress shoes but these by far are the most comfortable and nicest shoe i have . I got them in black first but the brown ones really show there true quality.true to size fit .
 Beautifully made -LRB- for the money paid -RRB- very sturdy and look like a $ 400 pair of shoes . Very impressed with them and my husband loved them .
 I just received them wow so fast , I 'm buying these for my husband , part of a compleat set that I 'll give him for valentine 's day ... I was wishing this item arrived at time , so it did ... set is ready ... nice product , I know my husband will be placed ... I 'll update this message on 15th ; -RRB-
 shoe looks good !! and wears comfortable.Ordered a pair of these and a pair of giorgio brutini eel and ostrich print shoes -LRB- which were way better and looked and felt like $ 500 shoes -RRB- and im completely satisfied.i hope they last a while . never heard of giorgio brutini before but i love them now : - -RRB-
 Great and comfortable shoes . Very good deal for the price . I bought one pair , when i receive it , i ordered one more .
 Original Review
 I purchased my second pair on amazon after walking my first pair into the ground . These shoes are cute , comfy , and look more put together than a flipflop - in other words , the perfect summer shoe ! They fit true to size , and the heel strap does stretch out a bit if you wear them extensively as I did , but you can always tighten it and continue on your merry way.I hope Seychelles offers these again next year !
 Very nicely constructed , nice materials feel good and look good , very light , nicely supportive , nice amount of cushioning but still firm ground feel and grippy soles . Soles do n't seem to get in the way or trip me up . These boots feel alot like extensions of my own feet and slip on and off real easily . I 've been wearing them with medium thick winter socks and they fit close but comfortable.They let my feet spread naturally , with room for the big toe . Heel cup grips well , is on the narrow side . The heel itself is not raised , by design . It encourages a stance kind of like bare feet . I like it , but some people might prefer the traditional raised heel.I found that these shoes tend to correct the outward pronation of my feet and encourage a sporty ready stance.They are fairly warm , good for cooler weather.I would n't want to hike hard miles and miles in these with a heavy pack , but they are great for a day out -LRB- on cool days -RRB- kicking around and wandering the woods and beaches . Impervious to sand .
 This is a quality made shoe . All seams , zippers and tabs are well constructed and look strong . The only thing strange I noticed about these shoes are that they run big . I think perhaps the sizes displayed are in UK sizes . I wear a US 13 , so naturally I bought these in the size I wear , but when I received them and tried them on I knew something was n't right . Even with a thick winter sock they would be loose . The shoe is made for year round activity , not just winter , but trying to wear , which seems like a size 14 , year round might be difficult . Be wary of this when you order . Otherwise they are real nice shoes .
 Have had 4 pairs of Clark boots like these over the past 4 years . Get a new pair every year . Put a pair of Toastie Toes on my socks and these shoes keep me warm and dry over the winter .
 Love these boots . Gave me a bit of a blister on the back of my foot at first , although I was out shuveling snow with them on for about an hour right when I received them . Super convienent zipper . Look great , feel like your wearing tennis shoes .
 I love Clark 's for their small form waterproof winter shoes . I find that most waterproof boots are too big and bulky to wear at work . These look very low-key and understated , and are perfect for wearing winter boots incognito . Having said that , because they are zip-up boots -LRB- not lace-up -RRB- , they are somewhat loose on my feet . Even though the length is fine , I ca n't tighten the shoe around my ankle where I need a snugger fit . All in all though , I like them and am keeping them . I 'll probably stick some gel insoles in to compensate for the size .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 I have to say that i was a little apprehensive when i saw the thickness of the outsole , but it 's been more than 2 years now and they are in great shape , and i wear them a lot . I buy the black ones with white stripes , and they look great , comfortables and fit perfectly . Great all around shoe .
 I bought these primarily for biking and they wound up being a great fit for just that . Very different and comfortable shoes .
 Looove , love , loove , love , love ! I have always had a problem finding comfortable shoes . I have very low arches and these shoes give me the perfect amount of support ! Other brand feel like I have a rubber ball or something under my foot and hurt very much ! They are very light weight and easy to keep clean . I just throw them in the washing machine -LRB- but never the dryer -RRB- and they look brand new . I think these has been the 5th pair I have owned .
 My daughter loves these shoes ! They have `` cush '' and are comfortable for all day wear . She has had them several weeks and still look like new - would buy again .
 This is my fourth pair of Saucony Jazz Originals . I absolutely love them ! I live in NYC and spend a lot of time walking -LRB- several miles a day -RRB- . These shoes offer the cushion and support I need to get through the day and survive the NYC streets . They provide support like a tennis shoe but look much more stylish . I love that they come in a variety of colors . I always receive lots of compliments on these shoes.The shoes fit true to size . I wear 7.5 in most shoe brands , and the 7.5 fits perfectly.Jazz Originals always come with two sets of laces in different colors . This gray/purple shoes comes with matching light gray and purple laces . I use the purple .
 Very comfortable and true to size . Love the red or black shoestring options . In my opinion you ca n't go wrong with Saucony .
 i love these shoes , this is my 4th pair and my second pair from amazon.com , i love them and i ca n't find the good colors in stores but amazon always has every color ever made so i always have endless options .
 This is a great shoe , I bought them over a year ago . They have held up over several washings -LRB- not sure if you should or not , I just do n't put them in the dryer -RRB- . I have two kids and I am always outside with them . I actually like them because they have a bit of style -LRB- my style -RRB- , I have the burgandy ones , they look great with cords , jeans , and yoga pants . These can also be worn to work out , I wear them on my walks and jogs , and they are more comfortable then some of the heavy runners out there . I have a slightly wide foot , which is no problem . My brother has them in the mens , and he has a narrow foot , again , they fit him great !!
 I love Saucony ... I do n't know why I bought a different brand for my previous pair . I just got these in the mail today and they are so comfortable . When I was on the subway to work today , I was wondering when my shoes would arrive . I looked at this stylish girl sitting across from me and she was wearing the EXACT style I just bought . Damn !
 For anyone who needs to wear something casual but not TOO casual like ordinary sneakers , but still needs the cushioning and comfort of padded-heel sneakers , Saucony Originals are the answer . They let you choose colours to go with different outfits and still walk in sneaker-like comfort . They are defintely more padded than most ordinary -LRB- and expensive -RRB- so-called ` walking shoes ' in the market -LRB- I have tried them all over the years , even the most expensive brands -RRB- . Saucony Originals beat them all . I walked through the Museums and Galleries of London and then explored the street sites for hours each evening in my Saucony Oringinals and was amazed to find that my feet did not hurt by the end of the day ! Usually just a few hours walking on the hard marble floor of a Museum is enough to get my feet aching . My Sauconys allowed me 10 hours of pure pleasure with no pain !! Without looking like a dork ! Now I wear them to my business appointments matched with smart-casual pants . I always get admiring comments on them -LRB- my first pair are a pale green combo -RRB- . These are also suitable for people with real-foot problems . I have a very bad pronation and they have held up and held me up , wonderfully.The only complaint is that Amazon does n't carry enough of the colour combinations in different sizes!I 'd buy not one more pair , but a cupboard-full !
 I have a lot of trouble finding a comfortable shoe . I was visiting San Francisco and had trouble with the shoes I was wearing very quickly . We stopped at a shoe store to get me some new shoes and I picked the Saucony Jazz because I liked the style and they looked comfortable . I put them on , and they were , and I hoped that they would stay that way because a lot of walking can change that very quickly . These shoes did n't have to be broken in at all . They were perfect from day one , I can wear them for everything I do , and the ones I have from San Francisco are still in great condition even after serious abuse over the course of 2 1/2 years . I got these the other day , since my old pair is all black and I wanted another version of the Jazz . The colors are interesting , but I love them just as much as my old pair . They are just as comfortable as the pair I had been wearing for 2 1/2 years without needing a break in . I highly recommend these .
 I 've had several pairs of these sneakers over the years . They are so comfy , affordable , and I see no reason to ever switch to a different shoe .
 I purchased a pair of women 's Saucony Jazz sneakers years ago and loved them . They do n't pinch anywhere and make walking on my treadmill a breeze . The Jazz model is hard to find in stores , but I can order them over the internet and that 's great.Whatever I order through Amazon always turns out to be a good choice .
 These shoes are wonderful . The support is incredible . If you do a lot of running or power walking , look no further .
 I love Saucony 's so when I needed new shoes , I got these . They 're super comfy to walk in but murder to stand in which is why I 'm not giving them a 5 . I talked to a salesman at the Saucony store who said their shoes are meant for action and movement , not standing ... which is true . So , if you 're a cashier or stand in line a lot , these may not be the best choice . I 'm about 60 lbs overweight and find these extremely comfortable to walk in . I do overpronate a little and wish they had stiffer support on the inside to keep my ankle from rolling in , but that can be fixed with inserts . They 're cute , they breathe easy and do n't need to be broken in . . they 're flexible ... so you ca n't go wrong with these . I 'd love to have more in different colors !
 I love these kicks ! They are light weight , comfy and true to size . I wear an 8 , ordered an 8 and thats how they fit ... like an 8 . Perfectly ! They are nice and roomy across the top of the foot -LRB- but my foot it kinda narrow -RRB- They are a little snug around the heel but not to the point of discomfort . I have a hard time finding shoes that are comfortable due to having high arches . My feet do n't hurt at the end of the day after wearing these . I can easily fit arch supports or heel cushions in them for added comfort -LRB- but do n't have to -RRB- . I vote yes on these ! I will be purchasing these in other colors !
 I have the grey with the purple flourish.I bought these when I found out I had bunions and was dxed with planar fasciatis . The doc told me to only wear sneakers . Fortunately the dress code where I work is lax so I was able to ditch my flats and start wearing sneakers . I chose these because
 Ha d apair of these years ago and they were the most comfortable shoe i ever owned , bought them at a thrift shop too ! finally decided to get another pair and nothing has changed ! even brand new they feel like you been wearing them forever ! I would advise anyone ot buy these shoes !
 My wife has worn them non-stop since they arrived . They 're great . I have since bought her another pair of these because she loves them so much .
 I have had all kinds of dance sneakers -LRB- for zumba -RRB- and this ones are the best from y flat feet ! They do not hurt my feet at all and keep them with lateral support!I 'm getting me my third pair already !
 These sneakers have already gotten me many compliments and I love the old-school vibe . The removable insole is cushy , but I will probably change it out soon for something with stronger arch support . One weird thing -LRB- which maybe is unique to the pair I was shipped ? -RRB- is that the shoes came with two sets of laces each - white ones that go through all the shoeholes and leave enough lace for only a single knot and then gray laces that are only laced through the last two or three sets of holes and then have a little too much leftover -LRB- I double-knot them and the loops almost reach the ground -RRB- . It 's weird not because it came with two laces , but because I do n't see how either set could work alone . The white laces are too short unless you trust a single knot when tying your shoes , and the gray ones , while too long the way they came laced , would be impossibly short to lace through the entire shoe.I 've made it work by doing a single knot with the white laces and getting the gray ones double-knotted just right to keep the loops from being too long , but it is a hassle to tie each shoe twice every morning and I 'm not sure if it 's meant as a fashion statement or if they got lazy about finding the right length for the laces .
 Five stars . No debate over that . Nope.I buy different colors and versions of the jazz and ca n't find anything else that competes.Right now , my brown -LRB- laced with brown -RRB- ones are on their last few miles -LRB- loose that bounce and you know its time -RRB- and I am trying to decide which color to go with this time . The pair before those were burgandy . The pair before those a grey/greenish color , before those ... I forget.I am a stylish woman and find ways to make them work with my casual clothes.I have not had the black with silver accents in a long time ... maybe I will get those !
 These shoes are warm and comfy and perfect for walking or running to class -LRB- if you need to -RRB- I got them because I knew I would be walking a lot more and wanted something that went with a lot of different styles . people comment on them all the time and even my husband is super jealous and wants his own pair . they are awesome !
 Shoes are comfortable . I am pleased with the product I ordered.This style shoe was hard to find in stores , glad I was able to find online . I will order again in the near future .
 This shoe is very comfortable , true to size , and is so far holding up very well . I switched the laces for white because otherwise the shoes were just too green , even for me ! I often get comments on how cute they are . These are the shoes I pull out anytime I 'm looking for comfort !
 These are by far the most comfortable tennis shoes I 've ever worn ! I have tendonitis in my left foot and after walking ALL day in these shoes , my feet were still very comfortable and did not hurt . BUT , the photo makes these shoes look really bulky and they are n't . I almost did n't buy them based solely on the picture because it makes them look very square , boxy and bulky . These are great shoes
 These are great sneakers for day to day walking around . They are comfortable as soon as you put them on and hold up pretty well to regular use . I wear them a few days a week and my first pair lasted almost 2 years before they became less comfortable . They look great with jeans and I often get compliments on them . I 've had them in gray/olive and now in navy/silver . I 'm a size 11 and love that these fit and are affordable . The only reason I 'm not giving them 5 stars is because the arch support could be better . I will totally buy these again !
 This is my fourth pair of Saucony Originals . I find them extremely comfortable with excellent arch support for my high arches . And I get compliments on how attractive they are !
 Ca n't find any sneakers that fit as well as these Saucony 's . Now that I found them , I just order when needed and do n't have to worry about the fit . Most size 10 's have been too small . These are perfect , lightweight and comfortable beyond belief !
 These are really good looking casual shoes . They even came with an extra set of laces ... One pair of white and one pair of gray . I have n't yet worn them for long periods but they seem comfortable . Not as supportive as my saucony running shoes , but I did n't expect them to be . My only complaint is that the heel seems a little bit shallow , in the sense that my heel feels like it wants to slip a bit when I walk , despite the overall size of the shoe being right . This is minor though . Good look and good feel for a good price .
 I am completely and utterly in love with these shoes ! I get comments all the time . They not only are amazing looking but are extremely comfortable as well.It 's hard for me to find shoes due to an old injury . A few years ago I injured my left foot , and because of scaring , I do n't have full functionality and it is slightly wider than my right foot . This makes it extremely difficult for me to find shoes that will work . I also am on my feet constantly at my job so that is always a factor . These shoes are wonderful!I was wary about buying shoes online -LRB- I 've never done so before -RRB- , but I just could n't pass these up . I 'm very glad I did n't !
 This is a great athletic as well as a run around town shoe ! I bought these to replace a ten year old pair . My husband and I fast walk , sometimes jog , and this shoe is comfortable and supportive!The price is very attractive also !
 These shoes get noticed due to the color combination . This grandmother loves it . The fit is perfect and the comfort rates high on the scale .
 Love these Saucony Jazz Sneakers ! Bought them in black/silver this time . I have them in three colors . They really are the most comfortable shoes I own and they are so cute ! Cute and comfy , what more could you ask for ? Highly recommend .
 These shoes were on a relative 's wish list - bought a pair for her and liked them so much I bought a pair for me .
 I own these sneakers in 2 other colors already , but I always wanted the black pair . They are incredibly light and comfortable . They fit true to size and hold up great . I got my first pair in 2003 and are still wearable ! You will not regret this buy .
 I have always loved Saucony Jazz and I needed a black pair , which are hard to find , for work . These are awesome . Fast shippment . As described .
 This is the best brand of casual tennis shoes I have yet to find and I can only find a wide selection on Amazon.com . Most stores you can walk in to only carry the low-pro version , however Amazon offers more than one look of the original Jazz . Very pleased with the product -- brand new , no defects .
 These are my favorite shoes . I will be so sad if they ever stop making them . They are the most comfortable for walking or for casual .
 i absolutley love these !! they are so comfortable and look great with my jeans and sneakers !! love them !! defenilty reccomend them !
 I love these sneakers , I 've worn through pair after pair over the years and I keep buying more . They are super light and cushiony , great for walking or running . I just ca n't get into new styles of running shoes that feel clunky , heavy or throw me off balance . These classic joggers have n't changed in decades and are perfect just the way they are !
 I need a pair in every Colorado . I wore sauconys in high school and I still love them now . they run a half size small so if u want a roomier fit buy up a half size . I love it
 I have a few of the original Jazz shoes . They are awesome . Probably the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn .
 There 's a reason everyone has these sneakers . They 're awesome . This is my second pair -LRB- I have purchased both burgundy and now grey/purple -RRB- - wore the first ones to shreds . They 're light , they 're comfortable , and they 're cute . Gone are the days of boring white sneakers .
 For years I have wanted this design of Saucony , but did n't want to pay full price . Well the lightning deal for these was perfect !! I love Saucony shoes ! They are great for those who have a high arch and a wide foot .
 A friend recommended these to me for work . I think these must be the most comfortable shoes I own . I would highly recommend them to anyone on their feet all day .
 I got these for work . Im on my feet for 12 hours a day . It 's like walking on clouds all day !! Amazing .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 I fell inlove with the silver version of these shoes -LRB- LOVE silver -RRB- ; but I have been needing a pairs of good gold shoes to go with some of my dressy outfits and this is the one . I have never seen anything like it . Since it is an Italian based shoe company ; you know you are geting top-of-the-line quality . The shoe is made with a real wooden base . Despite its lack of grips , the white plastic bottom of the shoe is skid-free and very nice . The heel is truly steel-based and although one with a wide foot width may have some trepidation to this ultra-pointy slip-on ; the material used on this shoe does allow for a little ` stretch ' for all your toes to fit through ... Very beautiful -LRB- may not be comfortable for more than 6-8 hours . . but perfect for a wedding and/or evening on the town ! -RRB-
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 I was very pleased with these shoes ! They are so cute and look well-made . I ordered a 1/2 size larger and they fit fine . My two-year-old grandson was as pleased with these shoes as a two-year-old can be . He is a big `` Cars '' fan.The only disappointment was that they did n't light up and I thought they might .
 They velcro ... I bought them a bit big but they can be tightened with the velcro . Of course , they do n't get dirty and so far , they appear to be very durable . They do not light up ... fyi .
 The shoes are great and easy to put on . My son loves them . They were sold out everywhere else so I looked online and found them through Amazon for much less ! Shipping was fast and we 're happy !
 Bought a pair for each of my two-year old grandsons . Both are fans of the Cars , and they both loved them . They are easy to put on because of the velcro closure . Light-weight and comfortable for little feet . Because of the color , easy to wear/match with any outfit . Very satisfied with this purchase .
 Bought these for my son and was very happy with the quality of the shoes . Bought them on a sale . Well worth the money spent ! They appear that they will withstand my very energetic and tough on shoes 4 yr . old .
 Great price , great style , easy on/off for parents !! Fast shipper too !! Just great sneaks - tough too !!
 they were good but no lightning . the kid was little disappointed , but since price is good it is no big deal .
 The sneaker is very stylish and I love it because I have a handicap child who can not tie his shoes so I am alway in the market for slip on shoes -LRB- ones that is actually easy to slip on without a struggle -RRB- and the price was very good also!I am very pleased !
 I got a pair in green color . The heel is high but you ca n't even feel it because sole is so comfy . The insole is not slippery and I appreciate it . I love the color too :-RRB- buy it !
 I loved the first 2 pair so much I ordered the 3rd . If I could find the brown in 9 1/2 ... I 'd order that one too !
 I have these in black and green . True to size . Comfortable on the first day of wear . Great price .
 These boots are absolutely gorgeous . They fit well and the price could n't be beat .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 My son lves the light up cars shoes and they fit himm comfortably !
 This is a good looking nice sturdy shoe for the little fans of Lightening McQueen and the gang .
 very well made ... no problems with laces or hooks . nice sturdy heels and balanced platform . they feel great on but be aware they are nice high heel . Great for costumes or pole fitness/dancers . fast delivery
 Like another reviewer I was going to wait until Christmas to give these to my 3-year old but when I opened them today I justified how they would keep his feet warm between now and then . I called him into the kitchen and pointed to the Amazon box ... `` you got a package today '' ... he opened the box with one of those reactions that makes you smile . He put the slippers on and then ran through the house telling me how much faster he can go now . < ha > The slippers are actually made by Buster Brown ... great quality ... and a bonus is the `` Lightning McQueen '' shoebox makes a great container for cars , small toys , etc. .
 I wish you had this item in larger sizes . I know at least 3 middle-aged race car drivers I would buy them for as holiday gifts ...
 Very cute . Well made . My nephew wears them all the time . A great gift amoung all the toys .
 My grandson is really into the CARS thing right now and when he put these on -LRB- which fit great , by the way -RRB- he bragged that he could now run real fast - watch me ! Great little gift .
 The slippers were well liked by my toddler who almost would rather play with them than wear them . The size was accurate .
 I think that they are nice and comfortable and affordable .
 My grandson loved the McQueen slippers and wears them all the time . He is 3 .
 We let my 3 year old son open up a couple of presents on Christmas Eve including his McQueen slippers - that night when he came down stairs after having a `` bad dream '' , I noticed he had taken the time to put on his new McQueen slippers before finding us adults guarding the tree . I would have rated them a 5 , but they do seem a little bulky to me and I 'm slightly concerned that after the novelty wears off he 'll find them a little cumbersome , but for now he seems to love them and I have to say they are pretty darn cute on his little feet !
 While my son has n't seen these yet -LRB- and wo n't until 5am Dec25 -RRB- these have got to be the cutest slippers . Build is good but as for the sizing , wo n't know for a while but they feel ok . He 's a big Cars fan and is watching the DVD over and over and over , lol.These will be a hit for sure and unlike a lot of Christmas presents will actually be used past Dec28th ! :-RRB- -
 I love this shoe . It 's great for walking . I traded in my old worn out reeboks for this walking shoe when I started getting shin splints . Awwwww . My feet and legs are so happy . It 's like walking on air .
 I first purchased these shoes quite some time ago and I am sorry that I did not purchase a second pair while they were still available . The shoe is one of the most comfortable pair of shoes that I have ever had . There was no break in period they were comfortable right from the start . I have troubled feet and I also have had many surgeries on my left foot but I can wear these shoes all day long without a problem ! They were expensive but they were worth every penny and more . Now I am looking for styles from New Balance that are very similar to these ! The shoes run about 1/2 size smaller so purchase the next size up to give yourself enough room for orthotics and thicker socks .
 The shoe looks great and holds up well for active teen use on the basketball court and hip hop dance class .
 Great shoe . . I have bought these for many people and they all have loved them .
 Im make my purchase without any trouble at all and I recived my product on time .
 What can I say - another awesome product from Adidas . Adidas shoes have great arch support and are soooo comfortable - if all shoes could be this comfortable .
 I ordered a pair for christmas for my youngest daughter in Miami Red , she loved them ... online now to order another for my 17 year old because she loved them too ... and I loved the price .
 I bought them for my wife . it seems she liked them very much .
 I bought these last week at 19.90 and love them!So today , they offer a 20 off 80 coupon -LRB- 2OSHOE8O -RRB- but they raise the price of the shoes?Come on Amazon , consumers are smart enough to buy wisely and not play games !
 got this in a really good price and it 's great love it . no complain at all !!!! Will buy again
 what 's not to love about these shoes ? I like 'em . they are light and comfortable , but not for serious sports . More for casual day to day use or walking .
 Bought these for my daughter and she loves them . The one thing she said she likes best is that `` it feels like they are giving your feet a hug '' . The shoes seem put together well and the Miami Red is a great color . Very modern and fresh . Overall it was a fantastic purchase for back to school .
 My teenage daughter got these over a year ago - they are a little discolored now from lots of abuse - but are holding up great ! No separation of the sole - no rips or tears . Even the laces have held up !
 maybe it 's my own fault , but watch out for the size , i usually wear 7.5 ~ 8 , and for this one , i can put two fingures in the shoe . not sure if there was a size chart or not . otherwise , good choice .
 My daughter loves these shoes . Her favorite pair and wants me to buy her another pair .
 the shoes were great . . My daughter had all the girls askig where she got them .
 After a brief period of breaking in , these shoes are very comfortable . I wear them to work sometimes . I work in healthcare , so I am walking or standing 90 % of the day . These shoes are supportive and comfy all day !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 Looks darker than in pic.Solid quality and comfort!Looks great for work -LRB- suits , bus casual -RRB- can get away w wearing w jeans as well .
 These shoes are adorable and they have tons of detail . Overall these are great shoes .
 The Shoes are comfortable and stylish . The only problem is that they slip at the heel , so it you have a narrow heel you may want to consider a different style or brand .
 These shoes were worn till the end and held up so nicely . The inside has a nice cushion and made with the softest leather . My daughter loved the `` bling '' on top !
 I bought these shoes for my 10 year old who wears a size 1 shoe . These water shoes were way too small for her foot . However , on the positive side , the shoes L -LRB- 1-2 -RRB- fit my 7 year old who wears a kids size 12 . As for quality , they are excellent !
 These are the most comfertable granny boots I have . While they are high , the bottom of the shoe has a really nice grip so I do n't feel like I 'm gon na slide across the room like I do with alot of high heeled boots . They 're nice and stable , but still pretty to look at .
 GREAT ... it 's little bit heavy but a got used to it . appearance is great , and as KG says `` It rock with jeans '' ... first two days a had had blisters but after one week it 's like being in heaven
 I received my order in great time , before the Christmas holiday , was pleased with the ease of how to process the order , and the look of the product was even better than the picture . Thank you and we will do business again . Travis Evins
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I love these shoes . After putting ~ 250 miles on the first pair I bought , I bought two more in different colors to stockpile away , just in case they discontinue this model .
 This is my second pair , have never had a more comfortable running shoe , I use for walking .
 These shoes are the best . They sound great when you are walking down the hallway at work . They command attention with the wood sole and they look great in both brown and black . Get both ! The girlfriend and co-workers love them .
 I saw this shoe at Nordstroms for $ 120 . I tried on a couple pairs and really liked the fit/look , but did n't want to pay the price . $ 85 on Amazon was a much better price . I got the brown one and I 'm tempted to get the black pair .
 `` I actually bought these shoes -LRB- Black color -RRB- for around $ 60 through a sale and promotion . For the price I paid , its money well spent . I did have a lil trouble with the laces being slippery and untangling itself the first couple of uses . Not too fancy or flashy , more of a traditional work type of shoe , which is what I use them for . Delivery was on time . Would buy from this seller again . ''
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 Clarks are the most comfortable shoes made . These look good and wear well . I have two pair of clarks shoes now and will deffinatly buy more in the future . thanks kent
 Clarks shoes are sized larger than other shoes . The 11.5 were much bigger than the Giorgio Brutinis . I had to send them back .
 This boots are fantastic ! If you are a boot lover/wearer , these are a must have !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These shoes are so cute . I bought two pairs of different colors , red and black . There are so cute and look great with jeans and pants . I would not want to wear them with a skirt though as the wedge heels are very noticeable , which I think is partially caused by the bright color because they are nicely shaped.These are good quality shoes . The inside are made of leather , and the rubber sole make them not click on a not-carpeted floor , which I really like .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 The shoes are comfortable and easy to spend the entire day in . They look great with anything and you cant beat the price . THey are also exceptionally made . They are my absolute favorite pair of shoes and that says alot considering how many shoes I have !
 I had this pair of shoes for probably 3 years before I wore them to the ground . They are incredibly comfortable and very versitile . I had to part with my first pair , but I am definitley considering buying a replacement pair !
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 Do n't ever take away my Clarks !!! If you do n't own a pair you are definitely missing out big time . Being almost elderly , my feet ached , my ankles throbbed , my knees were painful and my shoes kept slipping on all those shiny tile floors at the mall . I was about to make an appointment for knee surgery or something to stop the pain . A friend of mine heard me complaining and said she too had thought knee surgery , but her foot doctor suggested it may be the shoes . What a concept !!! What to do ??? Dave suggested CLARKS ... I bought a pair , then another and another . The knee pains , foot aches , ankle throbs and slipping on those shiny tiles all went away and you want me to review my Clarks ? OK , ... CLARKS are BETTER than the BEST . I wear them everyday , AND , they look good too !
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 The Montrail Torre GTX 's are the first substantial backpacking/hiking boots I have purchased . Previously I have used a couple of different Hi-Tech models . I am more than satisfied as to the performance of the Montrail Torre GTX boot . After a brief break-in period , I wore these boots on a four-day backpacking trip into California 's Desolation Wilderness . My packed weight was 42 lbs . These boots kept my feet comfortable and dry . It 's the first time I did n't feel the need to take off my boots as soon as I arrived at my destination . I tested the Gore-Tex by standing in water up to the fifth eyelet . These boots did not let in a drop of water . Hiking through the Desolation Wilderness subjects your boots and your feet to uneven terrain and jagged rocks . The Vibram soles insured my feet stayed comfortable and did well sticking to smooth rock surfaces . Another nice feature is the rubber protection around the toe box.If I had to find fault in these boots I would say the Nubuck is a little fragile , as I did gouge it on a rock . After cleaning and re-waterproofing with Nikwax , I believe they are going to be fine . If these boots are a good fit for you I highly recommend them .
 These are great boots . I 've had my boots for almost 4 years and just recently bought a new pair after the great price and the ragged condition of my old boots . Great choice for backpacking or for tough terrain where extra stability and ankle support are needed . The boots have a stiff sole for heavy loads . Excellent waterproofing and the leather provides excellent protection . I have used these boots from swamps in the Everglades to alpine mountains in Alaska . They have taken a lot of abuse and keep on going . I loved them .
 If you can only get one pair , these are it . Light enough for day hikes , firm sole for medium packing over rocks , warm and dry in the winter . Toe is well protected from scuffs and abrasions .
 I have bought and worn 2 pair of these boots for 4 years now . They are very comfortable and dry . I wear them all winter and enjoy walking in the slush and snow without worrying about wet feet . This time I could not find them at local sports stores so I bought 2 pair on line . The response and price were great and the delivery on time . I would buy again .
 I have had these boots for years and not noticed any production related faults . Actually , the only boot break-down I have experienced has been due to age , hard use , and my lack of maintaining them properly . The rubber on the toe has cracked -LRB- superficially -RRB- . Big deal ! The boots are 7 years old and need to be replaced anyway.I strongly urge everyone to try-on any boots that will be used for hiking . Zappos.com has a great return policy , and I recommend them b/c their service is tops . This particular boot fits my foot well , as have subsequent Montrail shoes . Their foot bed and boot volume is a near perfect fit . I have a low volume , ridged , flat foot that need cushioning and lots of support . My feet are NEVER comfortable . I hiked Longs Peak in Colorado -LRB- 18 Mile RT -RRB- with these boots -LRB- OUT OF THE BOX -RRB- . No hot spots or blisters!I regret the other reviewer 's comments . This boot deserves better . I am not a fan of Chinese plastic either , but these shoes have stood the test of time . They are well designed , and well made ... not mass produced Chinese garbage . Notice the same boot has been in production for over 10 years . That should tell you something . If this boot did not suit him , why then buy 5 pairs?Buy with confidence , but try on first to make s
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 So cute ! And pretty comfy . I wore them to a wedding and got a lot of compliments . I love the old-time fashion !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This galvin wedges is so sexy and chick i am just loving it , i am glad that i purchases , i am thinking of buying another color . I just Love It .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 These sandal run true to size and are extremely versatile . I 've worn them on dressy and casual occasions with skirts , capris or jeans . The texture of the wedge heel is very unique and I have received many compliments .
 these look good with anything you were and comfortable and easy to walk in on cobble stone treets
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 My wife absolutely loved these shoes . Gorgeous ! But , after only wearing three times the ankle strap broke on one of the shoes . She is taking them to get repaired and hopefully this wo n't happen again .
 The shoe looks great and holds up well for active teen use on the basketball court and hip hop dance class .
 Great shoe . . I have bought these for many people and they all have loved them .
 Im make my purchase without any trouble at all and I recived my product on time .
 What can I say - another awesome product from Adidas . Adidas shoes have great arch support and are soooo comfortable - if all shoes could be this comfortable .
 I ordered a pair for christmas for my youngest daughter in Miami Red , she loved them ... online now to order another for my 17 year old because she loved them too ... and I loved the price .
 I bought them for my wife . it seems she liked them very much .
 I bought these last week at 19.90 and love them!So today , they offer a 20 off 80 coupon -LRB- 2OSHOE8O -RRB- but they raise the price of the shoes?Come on Amazon , consumers are smart enough to buy wisely and not play games !
 got this in a really good price and it 's great love it . no complain at all !!!! Will buy again
 what 's not to love about these shoes ? I like 'em . they are light and comfortable , but not for serious sports . More for casual day to day use or walking .
 Bought these for my daughter and she loves them . The one thing she said she likes best is that `` it feels like they are giving your feet a hug '' . The shoes seem put together well and the Miami Red is a great color . Very modern and fresh . Overall it was a fantastic purchase for back to school .
 My teenage daughter got these over a year ago - they are a little discolored now from lots of abuse - but are holding up great ! No separation of the sole - no rips or tears . Even the laces have held up !
 maybe it 's my own fault , but watch out for the size , i usually wear 7.5 ~ 8 , and for this one , i can put two fingures in the shoe . not sure if there was a size chart or not . otherwise , good choice .
 My daughter loves these shoes . Her favorite pair and wants me to buy her another pair .
 the shoes were great . . My daughter had all the girls askig where she got them .
 After a brief period of breaking in , these shoes are very comfortable . I wear them to work sometimes . I work in healthcare , so I am walking or standing 90 % of the day . These shoes are supportive and comfy all day !
 Not bad ... took out of the box and started wearing right away . Comfortable , keeps the shine awhile .
 I normally wear size ten shoe but size was much to big for me . I sent it back and reordered a 9.5 . Good quality shoe and happy with it .
 i stand on my feet all day so these rubber soled shoes feel nice all day long . the shiny surface of the shoes also make clean-up a breeze.i got these for $ 30 shipped and would get more if i could .
 The quality was very good . The fit was exactly what I expected . The shoes needed no break-in and they were comfortable from the start . The shape was better than what I had before as they now fully accomodate my toes without squashing them together as was the case in the pointy shoes that I had .
 The shoes arrived quicky and are what we expected . The photos online were perfect .
 The shoe looks and feels great . Looks better than the picture . I would recommend this shoe to anyone who wants to dress professionally and still be comfortable .
 Funny how some people did n't like these shoes . Me personaly , I love them and I 'm on the 3rd pair of the same shoes . They are a dressy enough for business but casual enough for a business dress look . They look good with suits or jeans . I will say that it takes a week or so to break in when they are new , but I 'd say that will about any new shoe .
 These shoes are wonderful . I bought these for my son , and he loves them . They are a very versatile shoe . My son wears them mainly for dress , but wears them occasionally with his khakis . He finds them to be comfortable and wearable . He expects these to last a long time . Bostonian is a very reputable brand , since these are Italian made there is a higher quality of workmanship into these shoes . Most shoes are made in India , China , Vietnam , or Taiwan . There is n't the quality there comparative to the Italians . Overall this shoe is a great shoe that is a great price .
 I just received this shoes today . Built in quality very high . In my opinion , this shoes worth over $ 100 . So the Amazon price is steal deal . Not to mention , this bostonian shoes is made in Italy and very comfortable to use . It is patent leather . For reviewer who think this shoes is clunky , maybe he did not get the right size . New shoes usually take some times to get comfortable with . Highly recommended !
 Pros : * Price - I got them -LRB- 5-10 years ago -RRB- on sale for $ 25 . * Style - At the time , the square toe look was `` in '' even though it 's gone out of style since.Cons : * Heavy - my shins would be a little sore after wearing them if I had n't in a while . * Uncomfortable - I usually only wore them for dressier occasions and they were fine but when I tried to wear them all day at work , my feet started hurting and I had to get insoles.Other : * Durable - they have held up fairly well over these years but then again I really only wore them on average maybe once a month . * Sizing - fine but they felt a little loose especially if wearing dress socks .
 Shiney and new , I have wore this for many years , and I love it , but the shoe pinches the toes when you kneel or squat with these shoes on . These shoes have served me for many years , 5 years matter in fact . The pinching that it does , I just used to it , although I worked as and IT guy , I bend , squat , and kneel a lot . In a professional matter , the shoe looks great and it has style , but not for function .
 I purchased these for my husband and they have held up well . Nice shoe !
 I purchased thise shoe for my husband . They are a great looking classy men 's shoe . They have a very rich looking waxy leather finish that is excellent for the professional man . He love 's them and I loved the price !!!
 I was apprehensive buying shoes without trying them on . I have owned serveal pairs of Bostonian Oxfords and know the comfort they bring after a long day of meetings . For the price these shoes are unbeatable . I could not give a 5 star rating due to the fact they have a weird `` new shoe '' smell .
 The shoes were received in a timely manner , even though they were not as comfy as expected them to be ; but overall they are very nice looking dress shoes to wear on special occasions ...
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I too found the straps to be too loose . The shoe itself is very comfy , the straps are soft , and I love it , but the side straps are baggy around my foot . And there is elastic in the back of the strap , so it 's going to stretch further.On the other hand , shipping was excellent , and as I said , they are comfortable , not too high of a heel , although they look high .
 I would have preferred the shoe have an adjustable strap instead it is a sturdy elastic material within the leather at the heel strap . The leather is soft and I am concerned will become stetched out with too much wear . My foot slides forward and would prefer more of a fit around the top of the foot . I am satisfied overall , but not thrilled with the quality .
 I have flat feet , so they are slightly wide . I ordered these in my regular size -LRB- 8 -RRB- and I could n't believe how comfortable they were ! Definitely a good style if you have problems with slingback/wedge styles being too narrow . The leather will stretch a bit too and comform to feet like most huraches . If it were still in stock I 'd buy more colors . I have them in white .
 I bought these directly from Carrie B 's -LRB- I live in Portland -RRB- . They are fantastic practice dance shoes . The tops are soft , glove-like leather and you can wear them for hours at a time -LRB- they feel more like you 're dancing in socks than shoes -RRB- . They 're particularly slick on hardwood floors , but I even swing with them on carpet .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I bought these directly from Carrie B 's -LRB- I live in Portland -RRB- . They are fantastic practice dance shoes . The tops are soft , glove-like leather and you can wear them for hours at a time -LRB- they feel more like you 're dancing in socks than shoes -RRB- . They 're particularly slick on hardwood floors , but I even swing with them on carpet .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These shoes are femenine , comfortable , and inexpensive ! Who could ask for anything more ? Oh yeah ... and they match everything !
 I bought these directly from Carrie B 's -LRB- I live in Portland -RRB- . They are fantastic practice dance shoes . The tops are soft , glove-like leather and you can wear them for hours at a time -LRB- they feel more like you 're dancing in socks than shoes -RRB- . They 're particularly slick on hardwood floors , but I even swing with them on carpet .
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 I bought these directly from Carrie B 's -LRB- I live in Portland -RRB- . They are fantastic practice dance shoes . The tops are soft , glove-like leather and you can wear them for hours at a time -LRB- they feel more like you 're dancing in socks than shoes -RRB- . They 're particularly slick on hardwood floors , but I even swing with them on carpet .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 The shoe looks great and holds up well for active teen use on the basketball court and hip hop dance class .
 Great shoe . . I have bought these for many people and they all have loved them .
 Im make my purchase without any trouble at all and I recived my product on time .
 What can I say - another awesome product from Adidas . Adidas shoes have great arch support and are soooo comfortable - if all shoes could be this comfortable .
 I ordered a pair for christmas for my youngest daughter in Miami Red , she loved them ... online now to order another for my 17 year old because she loved them too ... and I loved the price .
 I bought them for my wife . it seems she liked them very much .
 I bought these last week at 19.90 and love them!So today , they offer a 20 off 80 coupon -LRB- 2OSHOE8O -RRB- but they raise the price of the shoes?Come on Amazon , consumers are smart enough to buy wisely and not play games !
 got this in a really good price and it 's great love it . no complain at all !!!! Will buy again
 what 's not to love about these shoes ? I like 'em . they are light and comfortable , but not for serious sports . More for casual day to day use or walking .
 Bought these for my daughter and she loves them . The one thing she said she likes best is that `` it feels like they are giving your feet a hug '' . The shoes seem put together well and the Miami Red is a great color . Very modern and fresh . Overall it was a fantastic purchase for back to school .
 My teenage daughter got these over a year ago - they are a little discolored now from lots of abuse - but are holding up great ! No separation of the sole - no rips or tears . Even the laces have held up !
 maybe it 's my own fault , but watch out for the size , i usually wear 7.5 ~ 8 , and for this one , i can put two fingures in the shoe . not sure if there was a size chart or not . otherwise , good choice .
 My daughter loves these shoes . Her favorite pair and wants me to buy her another pair .
 the shoes were great . . My daughter had all the girls askig where she got them .
 After a brief period of breaking in , these shoes are very comfortable . I wear them to work sometimes . I work in healthcare , so I am walking or standing 90 % of the day . These shoes are supportive and comfy all day !
 these boots are a very good quality well made and comfortable . they are vey warm and are good in the snow ' i liked them so much i got a second pair
 we are here in northern Az and we get a few good snow storms a year . for that I need a pair of dependable &#34; winter boots &#34; to get me to the office a few times during the winter . these work great for that . they are not fancy nor are they super comfortable but to get you from here to there in a snow storm you ca n't go wrong , especially at the low price of these boots .
 looked everywhere for a decent priced pair of boots got these and were pleased with them and the quality we got for the price
 there wide , you might wont to buy a half size smaller . v ery comforterable.I bought my size there to wide and they flop off my heels
 The quality is excellent on the `` Men 's Itasca Icebreaker boots '' . The shipping was expedient and we would definitely recommend the item and Amazon . We look forward to future purchases .
 I bought these boots for my son for Christmas . They came quickly and I was very happy with the quality , as was my son .
 I tried the boots on at a Big5 Sporting goods before I decided to buy these online . The treads on the boots in the store where flat , and not like the ones pictured on the internet . I was wanting thses shoes because of the traction they would provide on Ice and snow . I live in one of the few plaes in california that gets snow . . :-RRB- it dosnt stick around long but the ice does . I also wanted to be sure to keep my toes and feet warm . As mine seem to get cold pretty eaisly . Well these boots have excellent traction . They hardly slip , and I was trying to purposely . They really bite ! They are waterproof-ish , just up too the laces . As long as your not crossing a river or deep puddles , you will be good and dry . They are warmer then my average hiking boots , I still get a little cold , but they do pretty good with thicker socks . I ordered a size 13 , and they are a little too roomy for my foot . If I were to order them again , I would try a size smaller . I kept them regardless and will just plan on using thicker socks . lastly , the only reason I didnt give it a 5 star , was because I was not satisify with how they lace up . The way they have configured their loops and lace grabs are a little owkard for me , and they dont seem to grab as well . But they still work for the boot .
 These are the most comfortable waterproof boots . They require no break in period . Extremely happy with them .
 I purchased these for my husband and he loves them . Great quality good price and excellent customer service .
 Ramsey Outdoor had the best price by far and shipped the item out very quickly . We 've had a fair amount of snow for our area -- Baltimore -- and these boots are great . Fantastic value for $ 30 if they hold up . They seem to be pretty hearty but the lower and a good portion of the upper are plastic so it all depends on suceptibility to cracking . The compound is a touch hard so traction on rocks or ice may be suspect but there are gripping ridges on the edges . The leather on the ankle seems hearty enough and the insulation is warm . Assuming they last , I 'll be extremely pleased !
 Bought these for 24.95 on amazon and they are great boots . We just had 18 + inches of snow and my feet stayed warm and dry while clearing the walks and driveway . Ca n't beat the performance for the price .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I bought these last week at 19.90 and love them!So today , they offer a 20 off 80 coupon -LRB- 2OSHOE8O -RRB- but they raise the price of the shoes?Come on Amazon , consumers are smart enough to buy wisely and not play games !
 got this in a really good price and it 's great love it . no complain at all !!!! Will buy again
 what 's not to love about these shoes ? I like 'em . they are light and comfortable , but not for serious sports . More for casual day to day use or walking .
 Bought these for my daughter and she loves them . The one thing she said she likes best is that `` it feels like they are giving your feet a hug '' . The shoes seem put together well and the Miami Red is a great color . Very modern and fresh . Overall it was a fantastic purchase for back to school .
 My teenage daughter got these over a year ago - they are a little discolored now from lots of abuse - but are holding up great ! No separation of the sole - no rips or tears . Even the laces have held up !
 maybe it 's my own fault , but watch out for the size , i usually wear 7.5 ~ 8 , and for this one , i can put two fingures in the shoe . not sure if there was a size chart or not . otherwise , good choice .
 My daughter loves these shoes . Her favorite pair and wants me to buy her another pair .
 the shoes were great . . My daughter had all the girls askig where she got them .
 After a brief period of breaking in , these shoes are very comfortable . I wear them to work sometimes . I work in healthcare , so I am walking or standing 90 % of the day . These shoes are supportive and comfy all day !
 The shoe looks great and holds up well for active teen use on the basketball court and hip hop dance class .
 Great shoe . . I have bought these for many people and they all have loved them .
 Im make my purchase without any trouble at all and I recived my product on time .
 What can I say - another awesome product from Adidas . Adidas shoes have great arch support and are soooo comfortable - if all shoes could be this comfortable .
 I ordered a pair for christmas for my youngest daughter in Miami Red , she loved them ... online now to order another for my 17 year old because she loved them too ... and I loved the price .
 I bought them for my wife . it seems she liked them very much .
 Fit quite narrow through the toes and balls of the feet , were painful when I first tried them on . They are getting better as I break them in . Good materials and comfort otherwise , good color and somewhat funky design . Maybe I just have weird feet . Might be cautious though if you have wide feet .
 I bought these directly from Carrie B 's -LRB- I live in Portland -RRB- . They are fantastic practice dance shoes . The tops are soft , glove-like leather and you can wear them for hours at a time -LRB- they feel more like you 're dancing in socks than shoes -RRB- . They 're particularly slick on hardwood floors , but I even swing with them on carpet .
 I bought these directly from Carrie B 's -LRB- I live in Portland -RRB- . They are fantastic practice dance shoes . The tops are soft , glove-like leather and you can wear them for hours at a time -LRB- they feel more like you 're dancing in socks than shoes -RRB- . They 're particularly slick on hardwood floors , but I even swing with them on carpet .
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 I bought these directly from Carrie B 's -LRB- I live in Portland -RRB- . They are fantastic practice dance shoes . The tops are soft , glove-like leather and you can wear them for hours at a time -LRB- they feel more like you 're dancing in socks than shoes -RRB- . They 're particularly slick on hardwood floors , but I even swing with them on carpet .
 These shoes were too big for a woman size 10 feet . So I sold it on Ebay , but they were a nice bright color .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I bought these for my son and he really likes them . they are true to size - great shoe for a college kid who needs to dress up .
 Seeing is believing - the pictures are accurate . They actually fit and feel better than they look - they are not stiff once you wear them a bit but retain that feel . Look spit and polished without the effort .
 Have them in black and brown . They look better over time.I really like classic and simple shoes and this pair are perfect .
 I loved it . It is of excellent quality . As expected . Size also I prefer to measure.simply A + + + + + + + + + + + +
 I bought this for my brother for Christmas . When i seen it I wanted to keep it because it looks nice and classy . Very Shiny shoe . He 's going to love it !!!
 Great shoe . I had the React model the last 6 yrs and these replaced those .
 This Kenneth Cole REACTION oxford is so nice that I bought two pairs for my sons . It needs a little breaking-in though .
 Nice looking , attractive square-toe shoe . Squareness of toe not exaggerated . True to length , width and instep . Although shoe was a bit snug initially , it was quick to break-in for comfort -LRB- about two wears -RRB- . This is my second pair . Previously bought a brown pair .
 Very sharp shoes . I 've had this and another pair for almost two years now . I just keep them clean and they look fine . Great buy .
 Shoe looks really good with suits and other nice pants . The heel is slightly uncomfortable .
 this shoe is so comfortable its like walkin on air . it takes wear and tear well which is a plus cause the roads in trinidad are quiet harsh for dress shoes on the whole . I 'm quiet please with it , money well invested .
 For the price I paid for these shoes , I am very , very satisfied with shoes , I polish them before I wear them , although they might not need it , the retain there shine for a long while .
 Needless to say , getting a good pair of shoes is sometimes a challenge . Kenneth makes an excellentpair of Oxfords with this REACTION model . Sharp and comfortable , perfect for casual and or dress , I 've gotten manycompliments since wearing them . Worth the money .
 The pictures on the product page ca n't quite capture then depth of color of these shoes . Lots of shades of browns , and the color really comes out outdoors in natural lighting . In terms of comfort , these are among the best of my dress shoes with the `` fashion comfort technology '' insoles . Provides arch and heel support right where you need it most . As for durability/longevity , we 'll have to see . I 've only had the shoes a few weeks now , probably only worn them less than 10 days , and already they 're pretty badly `` creased '' in the flex points and have lost that new-shoe look . Maybe it 's just the initial break-in and they wo n't get much worse from here out ? Time will tell I guess . But overall very pleased with them .
 Love the shoe , very comfortable , very stylish . Can go with jeans or nice slacks . Perfect .
 You know you ca n't go wrong with a Kenneth Cole product . I purchased these for my husband and I feel that they are a great asset to his wardrobe . These shoes are classy and they will make a great accessory to any outfit he chooses . As usual , Kenneth Cole delivers with class and great style .
 Considering that these are formal dress shoes , its stiffness is a good thing , because no wrinkles will appear easily . I felt they were too stiff and too tight the very first time I wore them but , after the first full day I use these shoes , they are as comfortable as my other dress shoes . No blisters , no need of double socks , no harsh contact of any kind . They have a moderate modern look and a high gloss that make them impressive , the different brown shades also make them look `` special '' . Great deal at $ 50 .
 They are comfortable and perfect for daily use . I like that they are classic ones but with a modern look .
 This shoe looks even better when you get it delivered !!! I am VERY happy with this purchase !! They look great and fit just as good !!!
 I 'm giving this shoe a 4 out of 5 rating based on what I believe to be discrepancies with the toe formation along the shoes I received . In the photo , the toe of this shoe is slim but the shoe I received was slightly raised higher , taking away from a slimmer profile . I have worn Kenneth Cole shoes for many years and can testify to the quality of their product . This Reaction shoe is still a handsome shoe , I was just expecting a shoe with lower relief along the toe .
 This is a nice pair of shoes ... my husband loves them because of the quality , feel , and look . Would recommend to anyone ...
 firstly , the actual color is slightly more mahogany than pictured , which was okay for me , but just a fyi.the fit of the shoe was good , the leather was not too stiff . the sole was soft and comfortable.the style was not as stylish as pictured -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . it was not dramatically different , but the front seemed a bit more rounded and less tapered than pictured.nevertheless , it was good enough looking , comfortable enough and well built to warrant a fairly high rating after a month of wearing
 Some of the Amazon reviewers complained of a terrible smell from these shoes . I have no idea what they 're talking about ; the ones I received were as advertised . They smell somewhat of the leather they are made of , as they should .
 I bought this shoe for my brother as a birthday gift and I got a big hug from with all smiles -LRB- which he hardly gives -RRB- . With the hug I 've got to give it a 5 .
 These shoes are nice with work clothes and with jeans . They are very well made , and they are very comfortable .
 i was looking for a shoe for work and i found this shoe , it is very comfortable and stylish for a very reasonable price
 I bought these shoes for my husband as a gift . Thank God Kenneth Cole makes shoes in larger sizes as my husband is a size 14 . My husband loved his shoes and the price was great .
 I love this shoe . I wear it to work daily , and it is very comfortable . This is my second shoe of the same maker and style . I wore out my first one .
 Nice look and very sleek . It tends to gather a lot of dust around the rim at the bottom which can make it hard to clean but a nice looking and comfortable shoe !
 I loved my first pair of Simplicity 's so much that after they finally wore out after many years , I purchased a second pair . They fit great -LRB- and true-to-size -RRB- , are comfortable and go with both business and business-casual work attire . They showed no signs of wear after 2 years of multiple-times-a-week wear .
 This is my 3rd pair of these shoes . They are extremely comfortable , sharp looking and are true to size . I really have no complaints .
 I absolutely love these shoes . Keep in mind , these arent the higher quality 200-300 italian leather shoes , but these are still leather a little on the cheaper side though , but stil lleather . I love the smell of them.I have not had any issue with blister on my heels . THese are a perfect dress shoe with great looks . They seem a little tight on the width to me maybe i shouldve got a bigger sz or let them break in more.You cant beat the looks and comforts of these shoes comparing to other $ 300 shoes in the same catergory.These shoes are perfect . I Love them so much . The seems never ripped for me . I abuse them by walking around office 24/7 . I also go lunch with these shoes and have walked to the local restaurents with them . They are tight at first but it forms to your foot you can tell by the wrinkles and then after a while you dont even know your wearing them . They arent heavy either . Ive had some dress shoes which seemed like i was wearing ice skating shoes . You wont regret it for $ 50 . Honestly , if they ever do wear out , I would buy another set no questions asked . I 'd rather have multiple pair of these shoes than 1 pair of very nice shoes . Thats how much these shoes are to me . I also ordered the brown color as well after I enjoyed the black pair.These shoes go with khakis , polos , and even slacks . PLease note I had no squeeking issues with the black pair however , with the brown pair I have just received squeeqez like crazy !! ALso these are patented leather not like calfskin its the shinier style leather .
 These shoes were too big for a woman size 10 feet . So I sold it on Ebay , but they were a nice bright color .
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 I received the Raider shoes in just a few days and just exactly what I wanted for my husband ... GREAT service and product .
 These shoes are just so cute ! I have recieved numerous compliments and plenty of stares cause of these shoes . At first I was n't too sure about the heel but because it is a wedge , they do n't feel as high as they look.I love the vintage look and how I can wear them with a dress or jeans.Also as always ... Amazon delivers fast .
 Here is another quality shoe from Eastland . I have wide feet with high arches . When I first saw these shoes , I did n't think they would fit or be comfortable , but to my surprise they not only fit but felt great on my feet . The elastic in the sides creates that just right fit that keeps you comfortable all day long . I especially like the way the front center of these shoes is designed .
 These are my favorite shoes ! I have bought 2 different pairs of shoes from Eastland in the last 3 months and I will buy many more of them . Eastland makes high quality leather shoes that last for a very long time and they are well worth the money they cost . They are so comfortable but do make sure you get the right size though . All shoes are sized differently by shoemakers . I normally wear an 8-1/2 but wear a size 8 in Eastland shoes . I am having fun deciding which style to purchase next .
 I loved this shoe when I saw it online and I loved it when I met it `` in person '' . Unfortunately I selected the wrong size and the fit is too big . I usually wear 9 1/2 or 10 and I chose the ten - my mistake . My big complaint however is that the leather of the left side had some scratch marks that made it look somewhat distressed and I usually prefer to get that look only after some use .
 These are the best , most comfortable shoes I have . I can wear them forever and my feet wont hurt . They are a little wider than most Eastland shoes and very easy to put on . My feet do n't slip out or slide around and I love the extra heel height . I would highly recommend them .
 I recently went to a trip to beautiful Alaska and had forgotten my shoes . We went to a Fred Myers store in Anchorage and low and behold they had a shoe department . That is where I found this pair of Eastland Sequoia slip on shoes ON SALE !!!! I loved the look and they felt okay when I tried them on . After a couple of days hiking and breaking them in I have decided they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had in my life . They fit like a glove and I can wear them with socks or hose . They are easy to maintain and always look good . I will buy more Eastland shoes - even if I ca n't get them at a grocery store ! Believe me , you will love these shoes . JB -
 The shoe looks great and holds up well for active teen use on the basketball court and hip hop dance class .
 Great shoe . . I have bought these for many people and they all have loved them .
 Im make my purchase without any trouble at all and I recived my product on time .
 What can I say - another awesome product from Adidas . Adidas shoes have great arch support and are soooo comfortable - if all shoes could be this comfortable .
 I ordered a pair for christmas for my youngest daughter in Miami Red , she loved them ... online now to order another for my 17 year old because she loved them too ... and I loved the price .
 I bought them for my wife . it seems she liked them very much .
 I bought these last week at 19.90 and love them!So today , they offer a 20 off 80 coupon -LRB- 2OSHOE8O -RRB- but they raise the price of the shoes?Come on Amazon , consumers are smart enough to buy wisely and not play games !
 got this in a really good price and it 's great love it . no complain at all !!!! Will buy again
 what 's not to love about these shoes ? I like 'em . they are light and comfortable , but not for serious sports . More for casual day to day use or walking .
 Bought these for my daughter and she loves them . The one thing she said she likes best is that `` it feels like they are giving your feet a hug '' . The shoes seem put together well and the Miami Red is a great color . Very modern and fresh . Overall it was a fantastic purchase for back to school .
 My teenage daughter got these over a year ago - they are a little discolored now from lots of abuse - but are holding up great ! No separation of the sole - no rips or tears . Even the laces have held up !
 maybe it 's my own fault , but watch out for the size , i usually wear 7.5 ~ 8 , and for this one , i can put two fingures in the shoe . not sure if there was a size chart or not . otherwise , good choice .
 My daughter loves these shoes . Her favorite pair and wants me to buy her another pair .
 the shoes were great . . My daughter had all the girls askig where she got them .
 After a brief period of breaking in , these shoes are very comfortable . I wear them to work sometimes . I work in healthcare , so I am walking or standing 90 % of the day . These shoes are supportive and comfy all day !
 I ordered the same size as the other shoes I order from Kenneth Cole but this shoes is kinda tight on the side . I should have ordered a size bigger . Oh well , that 's the problem from ordering online .
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 Good shoe . Easy to walk in.Good fit . Not ***** because it had a little water damage .
 Great shoe . Comfortable , easy to walk in , good fit and great price .
 These sandals are really cute and are reasonably comfortable for a platform of this height . The cork appearance of the sole is fake , but hard to tell if you 're not extremely close . A pretty good shoe for the price .
 I did n't buy these shoes from Amazon but I do own them . I have the gold and they are so cute . I wear them with jeans and skirts and with a french manicure on the toes ... SO SEXY !!! Very comfortable too and true to size .
 Averaging about $ 100 , the Bostonian Tahoe is a moderately-priced shoe sporting a high-end look . The shoe itself is manufactured in India , yet has a sheen that reminds folks of Italy.The debate about shoe sizing is interesting to me , because I see two folks say that they downsize by a half-size while another person says they upsize by the same measure . Since I fall into the latter category -LRB- wearing 9.5 Bostonians versus 10.0 normally -RRB- , I guess I even up the mark . Given the variance , I 'd suggest Bostonian sizing is pretty standard.I bought these shoes because they fit well and looked nice - no great epiphany there . Whether they last for several years is yet an unknown question . But after being in business for more than 100 years -LRB- powered by the lovely waterfalls of the northern Boston suburbs -RRB- , they seem to have a pretty good bead on what folks are looking for ... and given the new manufacturing site in India , also what they 're willing to pay.Bostonian features `` First Flex '' construction , which suggests that the shoes need absolutely no break-in period . I 'll admit that 's a lie , as did the salesman from whom I bought these shoes -LRB- his took about 2-3 days to feel comfortable -RRB- . But hey , do you believe every marketing slogan you read?If you think they look good , and if they feel good on your feet , I 'd say buy 'em . For the price and character , you 're entering both a known quantity and a good product history .
 I am horrible on Shoes . My feet are very wide and I tend to walk over most shoes I purchase . These held up well . The only problem was the soles do get worn fairly quickly .
 Very good quality item . I 'm very satisfied with this purchase . I also saw same model on Clarks shop . It 's little narrow for my duck feet . Choose wide fit if you have the same problem I do .
 I have tried many shoes from various brands and the Bostonian `` Tahoe '' are by far the most comfortable , stylish , well designed shoes with the best fit IMHO . -LRB- In my humble opinion -RRB- All these features also come at a very reasonable price.These shoes seem a tight fit while in the store but after a couple of days of wear they will fit your feet perfectly . They 're also very stylish with a perfectly black gloss look all over which is also very easy to maintain . A couple minutes with the buffer every two weeks and they 're as good as new . I particularly like the `` Tahoe '' because of its design
 Was looking for a good shoe for Formal Wear . Found them at a local Mens Clothing store . Decided to go on line and shop around . The exact same Shoe but for 15 % less and free shipping . Total overall savings was 25 % . I am very pleased .
 I just bought this Bostonian Tahoe Oxford shoe and was very pleased how quickly it was delivered . I like buying online since I buy wide shoes and not every store carries a great selection . These shoes did come in a wide version and they fit great ...
 I bought a pair of these shoes in October 2007 . They look as good today and they did then . Care is quite easy , just a little polish now and then . The shoes have retained their shape well and the sole/heel wear evenly.A great looking shoe !
 I bought these shoes for my husband and I must say , they look sharp . He said they were hard at first , but very comfortable once broken in . Shoes are very well made - expensive looking and handsome . Highly recommend .
 Pros : - Shoes look shiny and beautiful . Very elegant , too . Having seen them on a Bostonian store , I knew the way they would look , so no dissapointment -LRB- nor surprise -RRB- there . - After four three weeks of use , they are still holding up good , with no visible crevices or lines . Hopefully , that will last for long!Cons : - Pricy .
 I got what they said I 'd get just one day after they said I 'd get it . Thanks .
 The article is very cost-effective dressing shoe.I will have another very soon . Very well designed .100 %
 This is a beautiful , well-made dress shoe that combines traditional oxford design with high quality materials . It features a smooth , full grain , blemishless , fully lined , leather upper , and a flexible leather sole with rubberized contact patches * . There is not much more that an Allen Edmonds , costing hundreds of dollars more , will get you.I got one in size 15M , which is my normal shoe size . Size 15M in this shoe is relatively tight-fitting at the arch , in comparison to my Florsheim 15M oxfords -LRB- two different models -RRB- . So , the gentleman that remarked in earlier comments about the size being a tad smaller is correct . If I had known , I would have gotten a half-size bigger . However , that would have added unnecessary shoe length when all I needed was a quarter inch of additional coverage at the arch . I wish shoe makers had an arch fitment scale like they have with the width of the foot , i.e. , medium , wide , extra wide , etc. * an earlier commenter mentioned that the rubberized outer lining on the sole started to come unglued after only a few months of wear ; I can not comment on this aspect yet as I have had these for only a few weeks yet , and have worn them only three or four time to date . I will update this review if I discover that I have this problem also .
 I could not believe what a great price I got for these pair of dress shoes . I wish Amazon would have sales like this often . Need a few times to break them in , but well worth the price .
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 THESE ARE VERY GOOD BOOTS . THIS IS MY SECOND PAIR , AND I WOULD BUY MORE . MY FIRST PAIR HAS LASTED FOR SEVERAL YEARS , BUT FEET DO GROW AND WE MUST ADJUST FOR THAT .
 These boots are great ! Hope they make these forever ! I wear wide men 's 9 steel toe boots and purchased these in a 9 . Perfect fit ! Boots are extremely warm . They are great for late deer season & ca n't wait to use them for trapping and icefishing . I give them 6 stars . A + !!
 My purchase of these adidas went perfectly . The product is great and there were no problems what so ever . Donna .
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 This boot quickly became my favorite . Light weight but tough and durable with soles that are easy to clean after working in the garden . After two years I 'm ready to get another pair but the old ones are still going strong .
 Very , very great urban shoe.Tough , light , and wears well.Great for slim feet . The white fades well and does n't make big feet look giant -LRB- like most white shoes . -RRB-
 These boots are just about perfect for their intended purpose . The ankle needed to be just a little bit shorter , but they worked great . And they look FANTASTIC . Thanks N.Y.L.A.
 Hey , I wo n't lie . I like hip shoes . However , my feet do n't have the best arches . And while these shoes look like your average hipster lowtops , they provide much more support , arch , and comfort that something like an adidas shell-toe or Converses.I 've got a pair of black-reds , and received complements on them.Just bought a pair of `` elephant '' colored ones , and they fit great.I was suprised to see that there are far more colors available here than at the Puma store on Market St. in San Francisco .
 I got the red/white/green ones for my birthday and almost cried . They are the best shoes made on the planet , and the fact that they are even offered in Italy colors makes them that more fantastic .
 These shoes are incredibly comfortably , and look awesome . I was skeptical at first , but ever since I have received my pair of Red/White/Blue , I have not found a single flaw . These shoes will bring the old school back into your life and then some . Get a couple pairs of these things and wear a different color each day !
 Son unos zapatos muy c&oacute;modos . Al principio quedan un poco ajustado ya que la horma es estrecha , sin embargo , progresivamente se amoldan al pie . Excelentes !
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 Great pair for Summer 's hot weather . I like the metal detail.Very versitile . They can be dressed down with jeans or up with a suit or dress . The stacked heel also makes them pretty comfortable for a 3 '' heel .
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 This boot quickly became my favorite . Light weight but tough and durable with soles that are easy to clean after working in the garden . After two years I 'm ready to get another pair but the old ones are still going strong .
 I get so many compliments on these shoes ! It was always so hard for me to find navy shoes and they go perfectly with many outfits . You can wear them with a skirt or pants , although I normally wear them with a skirt/dress . The shoes do tend to slip while you 're walking - your foot does n't stay in . But they are very comfortable even with the slipping .
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 This bag is great for everyday ! It is the perfect size for carrying to work and has plenty of room for my laptop , planner , umbrella , water and any other items I need to tote back and forth . The interior pockets are handy for keys and work id and the center pocket/divider keeps things organized . Plus , I love the print and color !!!
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 The Supernova Cushion by Adidas has been around for years , and there 's a reason why it 's so popular among runners -- comfort ! I run about 25 miles a week , and i absolutely love this shoe . I have narrow , high arched feet , and the Supernova Cushion makes my long runs a breeze . It fits true to size , but remember to buy a 1/2 size up when purchasing running shoes if you plan to run greater than a few miles at a time .
 These are quite simply the best running shoes I have ever owned . They are durable and comfortable with a snug heel , ample room in the forefoot , stability and cushion . I am running 25-35 miles per week and they typically last me 6 months . They are quite comfortable , they give me a spring in my step , and I have Zero complaints . Buy them .
 I am a 215 pound slow runner . This shoe offers plenty of support and padding for me . I am on my third pair . I get about 6 months out of them . I run about three times a week and go about 4-5 miles each time . So figure about 300 miles for a heavy runner .
 I bought these last year and have worn them to death ! I am searching for another pair . I adore them ... they run true to size and are pretty comfortable too !
 This is a beautiful sandal . True to size fit and very comfortable . I ordered two , one for my Mother and one for me . This sandal is sold at Dillards stores . Very fast shipping . I highly recommend it .
 This is the 2nd pair of the same style I have bought . The first pair I bought about 6 year ago and have worked them hard in an offshore commercial diving environment . That first pair is just now starting to fail , so I 've now bought another . Great pair of steel to work shoes !
 this is my second pair and i like them alot , mainly because they are comfortable and have that already been on feet feeling , and it 's a blessing to find a boot my size , extra wide can be hard to find .
 Skechers is the best have not had a pair of shoes My husband didnt like . This is the second pair of these Ive gotton him the first pair he still wears and hes had them about two years now .
 The Safety Shoes Skecher work , with safety steel toe , are very very comfortable , sporty and nice design , the price is just , recommended .
 The Blue Ridge wook boot -LRB- brown -RRB- with the steel toe are very comfortable . I install an extra foot insert to make for a tighter fit around my foot . This is my second pair . My first pair lasted about four years before the stitching started falling apart.The boots are a bit heavy , but that is to be expceted with a steel toe . They are a good value for the money .
 It 's a very confortable shoe , excellent to work . The delivery was fast and in excellent conditions . I strongly recommend this product !
 I have been wearing Clarks a long time . Not sure what happened with the company over the last 5 or 6 years.I can not purchase the shoe that I want .6 or 7 years ago I purchase a pair of size 10 mens Chromium Ankle Boot # 36623 , Brown Leather -LRB- Beautiful shoe -RRB- , I still have it and it is in great condition - wear it all the time ; I should have purchase 2 or 3 pair in different colors.Clarks have stopped making them and started making all these weird fitting items.I wish you would start making shoes like these again.You need to go back to what got you to this point .
 My girls loved these boots , easy too put on , they look fabulous , and super warm . My 5 year olds used them all last winter and the boots were in good conditions when they were done with them . Making the purchase again this year . Amazon price is a little high , I paid $ 39.99 at Dillards .
 These boots were to come in black but they came in pink which is what I wanted but it was supposed to be sold out . They are hard to close on the sides if your child is wearing thicker leggings / pants . My daughter still loves them though .
 The Sugar L'Moragami Pull-On Boot -LRB- Little Kid/Big Kid -RRB- is adorable ! I think I like them better than my daughter does although they are her go to shoe .
 We bought these boots a few months ago and they are still holding up , and were exactly as described . Cant beat them for the price , and my daughter was happy with how cute they were .
 I bought these shoes for my husband and I must say , they look sharp . He said they were hard at first , but very comfortable once broken in . Shoes are very well made - expensive looking and handsome . Highly recommend .
 Pros : - Shoes look shiny and beautiful . Very elegant , too . Having seen them on a Bostonian store , I knew the way they would look , so no dissapointment -LRB- nor surprise -RRB- there . - After four three weeks of use , they are still holding up good , with no visible crevices or lines . Hopefully , that will last for long!Cons : - Pricy .
 I got what they said I 'd get just one day after they said I 'd get it . Thanks .
 The article is very cost-effective dressing shoe.I will have another very soon . Very well designed .100 %
 This is a beautiful , well-made dress shoe that combines traditional oxford design with high quality materials . It features a smooth , full grain , blemishless , fully lined , leather upper , and a flexible leather sole with rubberized contact patches * . There is not much more that an Allen Edmonds , costing hundreds of dollars more , will get you.I got one in size 15M , which is my normal shoe size . Size 15M in this shoe is relatively tight-fitting at the arch , in comparison to my Florsheim 15M oxfords -LRB- two different models -RRB- . So , the gentleman that remarked in earlier comments about the size being a tad smaller is correct . If I had known , I would have gotten a half-size bigger . However , that would have added unnecessary shoe length when all I needed was a quarter inch of additional coverage at the arch . I wish shoe makers had an arch fitment scale like they have with the width of the foot , i.e. , medium , wide , extra wide , etc. * an earlier commenter mentioned that the rubberized outer lining on the sole started to come unglued after only a few months of wear ; I can not comment on this aspect yet as I have had these for only a few weeks yet , and have worn them only three or four time to date . I will update this review if I discover that I have this problem also .
 I could not believe what a great price I got for these pair of dress shoes . I wish Amazon would have sales like this often . Need a few times to break them in , but well worth the price .
 Averaging about $ 100 , the Bostonian Tahoe is a moderately-priced shoe sporting a high-end look . The shoe itself is manufactured in India , yet has a sheen that reminds folks of Italy.The debate about shoe sizing is interesting to me , because I see two folks say that they downsize by a half-size while another person says they upsize by the same measure . Since I fall into the latter category -LRB- wearing 9.5 Bostonians versus 10.0 normally -RRB- , I guess I even up the mark . Given the variance , I 'd suggest Bostonian sizing is pretty standard.I bought these shoes because they fit well and looked nice - no great epiphany there . Whether they last for several years is yet an unknown question . But after being in business for more than 100 years -LRB- powered by the lovely waterfalls of the northern Boston suburbs -RRB- , they seem to have a pretty good bead on what folks are looking for ... and given the new manufacturing site in India , also what they 're willing to pay.Bostonian features `` First Flex '' construction , which suggests that the shoes need absolutely no break-in period . I 'll admit that 's a lie , as did the salesman from whom I bought these shoes -LRB- his took about 2-3 days to feel comfortable -RRB- . But hey , do you believe every marketing slogan you read?If you think they look good , and if they feel good on your feet , I 'd say buy 'em . For the price and character , you 're entering both a known quantity and a good product history .
 I am horrible on Shoes . My feet are very wide and I tend to walk over most shoes I purchase . These held up well . The only problem was the soles do get worn fairly quickly .
 Very good quality item . I 'm very satisfied with this purchase . I also saw same model on Clarks shop . It 's little narrow for my duck feet . Choose wide fit if you have the same problem I do .
 I have tried many shoes from various brands and the Bostonian `` Tahoe '' are by far the most comfortable , stylish , well designed shoes with the best fit IMHO . -LRB- In my humble opinion -RRB- All these features also come at a very reasonable price.These shoes seem a tight fit while in the store but after a couple of days of wear they will fit your feet perfectly . They 're also very stylish with a perfectly black gloss look all over which is also very easy to maintain . A couple minutes with the buffer every two weeks and they 're as good as new . I particularly like the `` Tahoe '' because of its design
 Was looking for a good shoe for Formal Wear . Found them at a local Mens Clothing store . Decided to go on line and shop around . The exact same Shoe but for 15 % less and free shipping . Total overall savings was 25 % . I am very pleased .
 I just bought this Bostonian Tahoe Oxford shoe and was very pleased how quickly it was delivered . I like buying online since I buy wide shoes and not every store carries a great selection . These shoes did come in a wide version and they fit great ...
 I bought a pair of these shoes in October 2007 . They look as good today and they did then . Care is quite easy , just a little polish now and then . The shoes have retained their shape well and the sole/heel wear evenly.A great looking shoe !
 I love 'em . The only knock is that while the mesh enables un-rivalled breathability , the odd bit of debris is bound to get in there . Also , the footbed is difficult to keep clean once it has been soiled.The shoe offers more stability than I thought it would given the ultra-light weight .
 This is the best running shoe I have ever owned . I bought my first pair after reading the outside magazine gear of the year review that posted them as the best trail runner of '07 and they were spot on . This shoe is incredibly light without sacrificing the support and grip that is needed by a trail-runner . The best and most distinguishing feature is the surprisingly durable mesh upper which keeps your feet cool and dry . My feet never sweat in these shoes no matter what the temp . They are so well ventilated in fact that you will need to bulk up on your socks in cooler temperature runs .
 I recently purchased the Adidas J SM3 trail running shoe to train for rugby on the trails behind my college . I used to run in the Adidas A3 something that had those `` cells . '' I am a big guy , 6 ' 4 '' 250lbs. , and the cells on the A3 did not last a month under my weight and terrain -LRB- but they are great for road running -RRB- . I run 5 times a week on the JS3s and the climacool mesh is awesome , the rebound after impact is great , and they are built to handle the ruggedness of the trails and have the adaptability and comfort for some cool-down laps on the track . Overall , a great shoe at a good price . Do n't believe me ? Get a pair .
 I got this shoe just before a 7 hour hike to Half Dome in Yosemite . The shoe had good traction , was very light and comfortable . The porous material kept my feet from getting hot and sweaty . The dust enters the shoe so my feet got dirty . I am very happy with using this shoe for long dry dayhikes . If you needed to walk through water or wet mud , your feet would get wet .
 i had purchased these kicks three years ago for work purpose . three years later i still wear them everyday . my job is fairly labor intensive , so they have really taken a beating . while they are still in decent shape and by far my most confortable shoe , i am ordering another pair or two from amazon . cant wait to get my new pair to start breaking them in !
 The shoes are comfortable , the fit well and they seem to be standing up to wear and tear exceptionally well . Also , Amazon.com is really easy and convinient to shop from .
 i do n't really know why they are awesome shoes . they just are . actually , i think it 's the classic design . i do n't know about you , but to me a lot of today 's shoes looks like someone had seizure at the stitch shop -- too many lines , too many colors , too busy ! it gives me a headache just looking at them . someone stop the madness!in contrast , the adidas superstar is the epitome of a clean , classic shoe
 Very comfortable shoe with soft leather uppers . Awesome old-school styling that looks good with jeans or khakis or whatever . The only issue I had is that they seem to run about 1/2 to one full size too small , and they 're cut narrower than the typical running/hiking shoes I 'm used to . After awhile , these start to feel sorta tight on my feet , and my feet are not wide either . IMO , just order at least 1/2 to one full size bigger than your foot size and they should be ok .
 These shoes are really very comfortable . It takes a couple of wears for the shoe to shape according to your foot size , but after that it is perfect and goes well with almost anything .
 I 've always love &#34; my a-didas &#34; -LRB- a little Run-DMC -RRB- . These superstars just rock like no other shoe can . I have not changed shoe styles in years simply because these just rock with comfort .
 I bought these when I was overseas , to replace my first pair which I wore down to nothing . They are well made and my first pair lasted me three years of constant wear and tear . I would recommend buying a half size larger then you might typically wear . These seemed to run a little smaller than some tennis shoes . I love these shoes , and I will always have a pair in my closet .
 Great product and service that is fairly priced , arrived promptly and exactly as ordered . A + + +
 I found these tennis shoes to provide great support and are very comfortable to wear ! I LOVE my Adidas Superstars !! I 'm SO thankful that Amazon had them in their inventory they are so hard to find !!
 With a good selection of colors to go with the casual style , to say I love these shoes is an understatement . They are very comfortable , and have grown on me so much , they are about the only casual style shoes I have bought in the past few years .
 I love the European futbol , and I also love european shoes . So it 's only natural that I would endorse these original adidas sneakers . They never go out of style , and they are very durable . The perfect combination of style and comfortability . If i 'm not in by prodigous , black , work shoes I am wearing adidas . I also like playing tennis in them , as they are comfortable . They match with my outdoor sports attire , and impress my foes on the court . 5 stars for adidas
 Great item . I got them for my boyfriend for his birthday , he loves them .
 I purchased these shoes as a christmas gift for someone i know , unfortunately they ran a little bigger than expectedso i had to return them . However , since they were a christmas present i still wanted that person to have these shoes so i went out to a different retailer near me and purchased the same shoes in a different size . The quality of these `` online '' shoes truly surpassed that of the ones i went out and bought . i wish they had fit ! These were a better quality leather and the shoe was a nice bright white color compared to the ones i got after which were an off white-ish tone . i highly recommend these shoes !!
 GOOD LOOKING KICKS IF YOUR KICKIN IT OLD SCHOOL LIKE ME . AND COMFORTABLE . AND RELATIVELY CHEAP . I 'LL ALWAYS KEEP A PAIR OF STAN SMITH 'S AROUND FOR WEEKENDS .
 There are different version of SS II for adidas . I think it already tells you what a classical pair of shoes they are . I really doubt you could find such a price else where other than amazon . Really nice shoes for causal use . Generally , if you are looking for a pair of sneaker for basketball , this is not the one , since it could not give you enough protect for your ankles . But if you are looking for a pair of shoes for walking , you definitely should consider this pair .
 For the money , you ca n't go wrong . I looked for the same shoe online and in a few stores and could n't find anything for this price . The shoe fits great , I love the style , and would do it again in a heartbeat - in fact I probably will .
 This product was a gift . The person loved them , as he bragged about how many pair he had in his collection . Amazon you have it all Thank you so much for such a quick site .
 This is the original perhaps with better arches than I remember as a Run DMC fan from way back !
 Perfect fit . The inside is comfortable and I dont feel the cramps I feel with other shoes . I also find it very easy to maintain balance wearing this shoe ... I highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys comfort !!!
 These are the only sneakers my son will wear ... has worn this brand/style for the last 5 + years . Excellent price !
 It 's been over a year with these sneakers . Must say they 've held up really well . Look really classic too . Probably the best pair of shoes I 've ever had . They 're not very athletic intensive but for casual games and use they 're great . Awesome for just `` kickin ' it '' .
 Adidas Superstar has to be one of the best athletic shoes I 've ever bought . They are comfortable & accomodate my wide orthotics . Not to mention , they go well with almost anything - jeans & t-shirt , track suit , or shorts . Also they are great for more than just basketball - I wear them for tennis as well as everyday use . Their wide range of colors is great ; right now I have 2 pairs in different colors . Overall a great shoe .
 Comfortable casual tennis shoe that I have gotten a lot of compliments on . I did not care for the extra wide laces so I replaced them with normal width laces .
 they do a really good job ; fast shipping and the item was in very good condition i give them 6 stars !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I bought these boots for my daughter a few weeks ago and loved hers so much I just ordered some for me.They are high quality leather , comfortable and well made.They 're well worth the price and I expect them to last for years.I have a very high instep yet have no problem getting these boots on.They hit just where the calf starts to expand so they 're great for girls with larger calves as well.It 's a perfect height just between knee high and ankle boots.These boots are a gorgeous tan/brown distressed leather and my daughter says they feel even better after they 're worn awhile.All great quality leather eventually `` molds '' to the foot as it softens.These timeless classic boots will never go out of style and are perfect with jeans , shorts and dresses.I ca n't wait for Summer to wear them with cute Summer clothes too.Great boots well worth the money.Go ahead and treat yourself if they 're tempting you.You wo n't be disappointed.I 'm contacting the people at Frye and suggesting they make this boot in even more colors.I know I 'd buy more. : -RRB-
 These were a Birthday gift for my College Daughter -LRB- 21st Birthday !! -RRB- . She had been drooling over them for months and is totally thrilled . They fit her exactly - she is normally a 7.5 M - and she claims they are extremely comfortable and very good looking . Frye boots are known for their quality and these are no exception . If she takes care of them they will last for years and the classic Cavalry styling means they will never look out of place . I am happy to report both Father and Daughter is delighted .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this boot . Leather is very thick and nice . Put on right out of the box , and fit was very good . I have large calves , and the boot was still a good fit ! Great for dresses or jeans . Bought the size I usually wear in a shoe , and sizing was spot on . Extremely well made . These boots will last for many years and it was an awesome bit of luck to find such a good sale on Amazon . I have seen that this fall also has many low heel boots , so I am looking forward to wearing these A LOT at work !
 I bought these because of the lighter colored soles , or rather the unvarnished soles . However , when they arrived they 're were n't as pictured . They do have the darker soles . But kept anyway as they were a great deal on sale .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I am very pleased with this item and how fast it got to its destination -LRB- me -RRB- and in how great quality . I am very satisfied with this product , and my appologizes for taking soo long writing a review on this item .
 I had to return these boots . The vendor was easy to work with . Got a prompt refund .
 They are comfotable to wear light weight , I just wear out soles faster with my Cerebreal Palsy . So good price just wish the soles would last me longer .
 My husband is very happy with these boots . They are comfortable and strong . The quality seems really good . Thank you !
 I ordered these for my son prior to the Bataan Memorial Death March last year . He says they 're comfortable and after a year they are still in pretty good condition . Anyone that purchases boots knows that finding a decent priced boot and one that is comfortable can be difficult . These have exceeded my expectations . He really does n't need a pair for this years upcoming memorial march , so I 'm still debating on whether or not to make the investment .
 My husband is trying the thicker sole and loves them . He had always purchased the thinner sole he from years past . Very happy
 I am a fanatic of the boots , have a few of several brands and can say that these are of a good quality , excellently ended , am very comfortable , expect to continue acquiring products of this brand
 Although hesitant to buy shoes online without being able to see them on my feet before purchase , I ended up being extremely satisfied with the experience and the shoes . The shoes are amazingly comfortable , and ca n't even feel the pavement through -LRB- lot 's of cushion and air support -RRB- . The leather seems well made and long lasting . Ca n't recommend them enough !
 I bought this shoes because i 'm a fan for the Clarks shoes . I have very deilcated feet , for me , this guys really knows the meaning of word Comfortable . The price for this in amazon is derisory.A very good choice
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I adore my Chinese shoes and now have several pairs in different colors . Yes , they can feel a little stiff when you first put them on , but after wearing them a while , they soften up . I wear them almost daily and love them !
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 The slip-on shoes from Clarks are very comfortable and excellent quality for the price .
 Cute , pratical and STRONG . Do n't get the imitations ; pay more for the brand name which is far better . I 've had 2 pairs for about a year and the mj 's are fantastic -- a great alternative to flip flops , beach , and for casual parties .
 I love crocs and have been buying them ever since my children could fit into them . I do n't know how moms make it through summer without them . This was my 1st time purchasing the Mary Janes ~ and I loved them . Cute and a little dressy too ! Another great croc for my tot !
 Bought on amazon about a year ago and they are still going strong ... our 4 month old lab pup took a few small chews and they did n't penetrate the shoe . Yes they do run big in size -LRB- the 8/9 -RRB- fits both my 5 and 2 year old and they both wear the one pair . A great alternative to the original clog .
 These will be my daughters first pair of Crocs -LRB- She is 19 months -RRB- . I bought them for her to wear next spring and she loves them ! I myself have had 4 pair of Crocs in the past and they are the best ! I worked 12 hour shifts at the hospital and Crocs were more comfortable to me than the most expensive nursing shoe . I can not wait for my daughter to start her Crocs collection !
 My daughter has now had 2 pairs of Crocs Mary Janes and they are fantastic . They are sooo comfortable - she wants to wear them daily in warm weather.They are easy to clean , so after a day of play , it 's easy to scrub them off and they look great again.We 've had issues with a couple of other Crocs designed shoes , but the Mary Jane is a real winner .
 This is my 3.5 year old daughter 's third pair of Crocs and they are by far my favorite . While most Crocs look Clunky - these are much more fitted to her feet . I also love the MJ style - they are just so cute . We ordered the purple and I am so glad that we did . The color is bright and goes with a lot more than I originally thought . I highly recommend Crocs in general because they are easy to put on and wear well - but this is by far my favorite style !
 I LOVE these shoes . They are great and easy to put on and take off . My daughter loves them !
 I bought these for my 5 year old daughter . She hates wearing shoes ! Usually flip-flps are her shoe of choice . But she loves these Crocs ! They fit well and are much cuter than the original croc shoes .
 they fit great ! & love the color . delivered when I was told . & reasonable price ... cheaper than most stores .
 My daughter loves them , they 're her second pair and she wears them almost everyday when the weather permits .
 cute shoes and comforable . she loves them and always wants to wear them ! great fit .
 They are absolutely perfect for my 21 month old . She is able to walk very well in them . They are great in comfort , able to clean easily and look great with summer attire .
 The little girl I gave these to absolutely loved them ! This is a new style -LRB- at least i have n't seen them before -RRB- . She thinks they are really cool in bright pink .
 These little CROCS are made of soft -LRB- pliable -RRB- rubber and come in cherry colors . The shoe protects the little `` piggies '' while allowing ventilation .
 My girls loves them , I love them . Easy to clean , to put on . The only reason why I did n't give it the 5 stars was the strap in the middle is just a tiny bit tight . Sometimes she 'll get a mark on her foot but sometimes she wo n't . Overall worth the high price .
 We had tried the Cayman Crocs for my daughter , who has narrow feet -LRB- Stride rite 6M -RRB- . The Caymans were way too wide and kept falling off , so I had almost given up on Crocs all together . When I read the reviews here for the Mary Janes , I decided to give them a try in the toddler 6-7 . They 're perfect ! Just enough room to grow for the summer and the double straps help them stay on no problem . She 's running all over and loves to put them on by herself . I love how easy they are to clean !
 My daughter loves these new crocs . She tells me how soft and nice they feel at school all day . Try them , they are worth it .
 Product fit well and was comfortable and sturdy . My daughter wears them all the time .
 I just bought several pairs of these at Piperline in the mall and they were only $ 5 per pair . Then , I saw the Mammoth ones -LRB- the ones with the furry lining inside -RRB- for $ 10 at Macy 's . Are Croc 's going out of style ?? I have never seen them this cheap . The kids love them .
 Our entire family loves all our Crocs . Just a warning , especially for parents . Do not wear them and do n't let your kids wear them on escalators !!! While in the Atlanta Airport , we had a terrible experience with our 3 year old little girl . We had just bought her a brand new pair of red mary jane crocs . She was standing on the escalator step beside me . My husband -LRB- on the step behind us -RRB- saw her foot get jerked in the side and he grabbed her up . The strap on the mary jane broke and the front of the shoe was all torn up . But , thankfully our little gal was n't hurt . When we called the insurance company to get reimbursement for the shoes , the adjuster said he 's paid for many many lost toes ! Apparently the big problem is the material the crocs are made of gets caught easily on the side of the escalator step . I thought I was being safe keeping her beside me on the step . Also , untied sneakers are a big risk - they get caught up in the escalator and the laces just get tighter . Meanwhile , we love crocs . Just about all I wear . I have arthritis and can walk all day in Crocs without pain . I especially love the Mary Janes for me and my daugters . Comfortable but cute . I like the styles with holes for ventilation . I got a pair of new Olivia style and they are so cute but my feet get so hot . Just keep all of them off escalators !!!
 The shoes are great . My complaint is the myriad of sizing options and discrepancies . I bought a 2/4 which is supposed to be a kid 's size 2 -LRB- or women 's 4 -RRB- . My daughter wears a 1.5 so I thought a 2/4 sounded right . Well , it was huge
 This maryjane from crocs is the ultimate summer style . Its dual-strapped , ventilated upper and traction outsole come together in a fun , girly design that 'll take her wherever she wants to go -- fashionably .
 My daughter loves the shoes and it seems to match easily with all the clothes . My daughter has wide feet , and it is easy to put on and remove . The shoes is easy to wash and fast to dry . The tiny pair of shoes came in a very big box with stuffing , so the shipping charges is very high if there is no free delivery .
 This are great summer shoes . I got them for my 1 yr old little girl and they are perfect for when she is playing outside and gets sand or water on her feet . They are easy to clean and very cute on her . The only drawbacks are that they do n't have much support for her feet like a sneaker or `` real '' shoe and the plastic makes her feet a little sweaty . Of course all the gibbets make them fun too : -RRB-
 When I opened the box , my daughter literally gasped , she loves this shoe!Unfortunately its too big for her to wear right now , so she 'll need to wait a couple of months . We are Croc fans but I wish the sizing was more specific and not so general .
 It 's perfect for my two and half year old daughter . Comfortable , durable and easy to clean . The only concern I have is that she may twist her ankle in these shoes , but it has n't happened yet .
 This is a great shoe for the summer . My 3 yr old daughter can easily put them on and take them off . She wears them to the beach , park , home and prefers them over any other sandal or tennis shoe . It was also a great shoe when she was being potty trained . When they get dirty , I can easily wash them . They run big .
 My daughter loved her first crocs at the age of 2 , and now I got these sandals for the coming summer . It 's good for traveling and for the pool , easy to wash , lightweight and cute .
 I ordered these shoes thinking they were going to be for a toddler - the description was written Toddler 2M / Women 's 4 . They are a Women 's 4 .
 As I have already stated I will not waste my time on these reviews and will only fill in `` stars ''
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I never thought I would have the opportunity to give such inexpensive shoes 5 stars , but I really love them . They look great and are immediately comfortable . I have worn them twice on days when I was on my feet all day and experienced no discomfort whatsoever . I would definitely buy Unionbay shoes again .
 These appear to be more expensive than they were . They look great on my feet ... make my size 9 's look smaller than they are . I 've had them on for hours , ever since I took them out of the box when they arrived today ... and they still feel good . I 'm pretty tough on shoes , so I do n't know if the crochet will hold up , but at the price ... I 'll be glad if they hold up long enough to wear them for the rest of this summer .
 These shoes go with everything ! They are by far one of my favorite shows for this summer . The only drawback is they are a little uncomfortable around the big toe , but otherwise these shoes are fantastic . I get compliments on them all the time .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 My daughter plays Volleyball and is totally satisfied with her this pair of shoes . And as her mom I am totally satisfied with the price !!! The color is bright but goes perfectly with her team colors !! I recommend them !
 received product in a timely fashion , the shoes were new and great quality . It was the first purchase I made from this merchant , I have made three more since then .
 Got the shoes one week ago , I found that the shoes are very good for running , as it 's pretty springy . But not very good for walking , with the narrow bottom . It is also pretty airy inside , perfect for my sweaty feet .
 Pros
 These sneakers are great for people who do n't want allot of flash but want to be able to go for a walk or jog . I have never had any comfort issues with any Adidas running shoes . A great nice pair of everyday sneakers.Great buy !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This boot quickly became my favorite . Light weight but tough and durable with soles that are easy to clean after working in the garden . After two years I 'm ready to get another pair but the old ones are still going strong .
 These boots are high quality and my husband finds them very comfortable . They look expensive but were n't .
 Not bad ... took out of the box and started wearing right away . Comfortable , keeps the shine awhile .
 I normally wear size ten shoe but size was much to big for me . I sent it back and reordered a 9.5 . Good quality shoe and happy with it .
 i stand on my feet all day so these rubber soled shoes feel nice all day long . the shiny surface of the shoes also make clean-up a breeze.i got these for $ 30 shipped and would get more if i could .
 The quality was very good . The fit was exactly what I expected . The shoes needed no break-in and they were comfortable from the start . The shape was better than what I had before as they now fully accomodate my toes without squashing them together as was the case in the pointy shoes that I had .
 The shoes arrived quicky and are what we expected . The photos online were perfect .
 The shoe looks and feels great . Looks better than the picture . I would recommend this shoe to anyone who wants to dress professionally and still be comfortable .
 Funny how some people did n't like these shoes . Me personaly , I love them and I 'm on the 3rd pair of the same shoes . They are a dressy enough for business but casual enough for a business dress look . They look good with suits or jeans . I will say that it takes a week or so to break in when they are new , but I 'd say that will about any new shoe .
 These shoes are wonderful . I bought these for my son , and he loves them . They are a very versatile shoe . My son wears them mainly for dress , but wears them occasionally with his khakis . He finds them to be comfortable and wearable . He expects these to last a long time . Bostonian is a very reputable brand , since these are Italian made there is a higher quality of workmanship into these shoes . Most shoes are made in India , China , Vietnam , or Taiwan . There is n't the quality there comparative to the Italians . Overall this shoe is a great shoe that is a great price .
 I just received this shoes today . Built in quality very high . In my opinion , this shoes worth over $ 100 . So the Amazon price is steal deal . Not to mention , this bostonian shoes is made in Italy and very comfortable to use . It is patent leather . For reviewer who think this shoes is clunky , maybe he did not get the right size . New shoes usually take some times to get comfortable with . Highly recommended !
 Pros : * Price - I got them -LRB- 5-10 years ago -RRB- on sale for $ 25 . * Style - At the time , the square toe look was `` in '' even though it 's gone out of style since.Cons : * Heavy - my shins would be a little sore after wearing them if I had n't in a while . * Uncomfortable - I usually only wore them for dressier occasions and they were fine but when I tried to wear them all day at work , my feet started hurting and I had to get insoles.Other : * Durable - they have held up fairly well over these years but then again I really only wore them on average maybe once a month . * Sizing - fine but they felt a little loose especially if wearing dress socks .
 Shiney and new , I have wore this for many years , and I love it , but the shoe pinches the toes when you kneel or squat with these shoes on . These shoes have served me for many years , 5 years matter in fact . The pinching that it does , I just used to it , although I worked as and IT guy , I bend , squat , and kneel a lot . In a professional matter , the shoe looks great and it has style , but not for function .
 I purchased these for my husband and they have held up well . Nice shoe !
 I purchased thise shoe for my husband . They are a great looking classy men 's shoe . They have a very rich looking waxy leather finish that is excellent for the professional man . He love 's them and I loved the price !!!
 I was apprehensive buying shoes without trying them on . I have owned serveal pairs of Bostonian Oxfords and know the comfort they bring after a long day of meetings . For the price these shoes are unbeatable . I could not give a 5 star rating due to the fact they have a weird `` new shoe '' smell .
 The shoes were received in a timely manner , even though they were not as comfy as expected them to be ; but overall they are very nice looking dress shoes to wear on special occasions ...
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I was very impressed with the shoes . Was bought for my son who loves them , would buy another pair .
 Very Nice Sandal should not discontinue this style ever , very comfortable to wear anytime , thank you for being so prompt in your delivery !
 I wore these shoes all over Disney World for a week and never had a problem w/tired or sore feet . I have never found a more comfortable shoe !
 I have had these sandles before so I had an idea what I was getting when I ordered them . These have more padding in them and that means wearing them longer without hurting the feet . I would definitely tell a friend to buy these . If fact , I did recommend them and the person bought them and liked them as much as I.
 I purchased two pair of Newbeat sandals , the Brown and the `` navy '' , which is actually a deep royal . They were instantly comfortable right out of the box , and a slight adjustment of the three straps made these the best sandals I 've ever purchased . My feet are two different sizes amd two different widths due to bunions and surgery . The Newbeat sandals accomodate this . I 've been wearing them daily , all day , since they arrived about a month ago , and I will be a Clarks customer from now on !
 I am very satisfied with the Clark Sandals , Amazon did a great job in shipping on time and getting the right product to me .
 I have found that the Newbeat is more comfortable than the Sunbeat . This is a very good shoe for me to wear working in Retail . The arch seems to hit better than the Sunbeat .
 I purchased two pair of Newbeat sandals , the Brown and the `` Midnight blue '' , which is a deep royal . They were instantly comfortable right out of the box , and a slight adjustment of the three straps made these the best sandals I 've ever purchased . My feet are two different sizes amd two different widths due to bunions and surgery . The Newbeat sandals accomodate this . I 've been wearing them daily , all day , since they arrived about a month ago , and I will be a Clarks customer from now on !
 The Clarks Newbeat Springer sandal is the most comfortable I have ever worn . It is totally adjustable and cushions your foot with every step . A definite `` worth every penny '' shoe .
 I love these shoes . An excellent choice for my job as a teacher . I 've been buying them for over six years . They are very comfortable and sturdy , plus they are nice looking . The only thing to keep in mind when ordering them is that they come in a complete size bigger than marked . Other than that I highly recommend them .
 My friends seem to all wear these shoes , so I thought I would give them a try . They are indeed very comfortable . I am a teacher on my feet from 8 to five daily , so comfort is my biggest issue , and looks the second biggest when it comes to shoes ... looks wise I do feel like I am wearing my mother 's shoes . I wore them the first time out of the box no problem , very comfortable , soft and feel good against my feet . Not as much arch support as I would have expected . Also wish that I had tried them on in a store first as they seem to run large . I wear 10 1/2 ... so in ordering the ten ... thought that would be fine . Believe I could have gone with a 9 1/2 easily ... or maybe it was just this individual shoe . I wo n't buy any more until I try them on in a store first .
 I think a description on sizing would be helpful , i.e. this sandle runs true to size or this sandle runs large . I had to return because it was too big , and so the price became more due to postage to return .
 I just love these shoes . I have them in three colors . Could n't find the white locally , so I ordered them . Received them in record time . As a matter of fact , I am wearing them right now !!
 I have worn Clarks ' for years . The first pair was a hand-me-down from my sister . I really liked them . I have bought a few pairs over the years.I love the new ones I just got . Black-Midnight Blue , Brown , and Greystone ... SO comfortable.But an odd thing happened to my old Clark 's -- the bottoms blew out like a tire ... it happened to my mother 's pair also ... I guess we really did wear them to death . But that 's because they are such comfortable fabulous shoes , and they were always my first choice when going to the closet for shoes . These will probably last longer because I got so many more colors to wear .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I live in a snow zone , but there are days when boots are too much or not practical . These shoes are great for those in between snowstorm days . They keep your feet warm and prevent moisture from soaking in by way of their neoprene uppers . They are easy to clean and salt removes easily from the rubber molded bottoms . These shoes would most likely work well in the summer on a boat or near the beach .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 There are different version of SS II for adidas . I think it already tells you what a classical pair of shoes they are . I really doubt you could find such a price else where other than amazon . Really nice shoes for causal use . Generally , if you are looking for a pair of sneaker for basketball , this is not the one , since it could not give you enough protect for your ankles . But if you are looking for a pair of shoes for walking , you definitely should consider this pair .
 For the money , you ca n't go wrong . I looked for the same shoe online and in a few stores and could n't find anything for this price . The shoe fits great , I love the style , and would do it again in a heartbeat - in fact I probably will .
 This product was a gift . The person loved them , as he bragged about how many pair he had in his collection . Amazon you have it all Thank you so much for such a quick site .
 This is the original perhaps with better arches than I remember as a Run DMC fan from way back !
 Perfect fit . The inside is comfortable and I dont feel the cramps I feel with other shoes . I also find it very easy to maintain balance wearing this shoe ... I highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys comfort !!!
 These are the only sneakers my son will wear ... has worn this brand/style for the last 5 + years . Excellent price !
 It 's been over a year with these sneakers . Must say they 've held up really well . Look really classic too . Probably the best pair of shoes I 've ever had . They 're not very athletic intensive but for casual games and use they 're great . Awesome for just `` kickin ' it '' .
 Adidas Superstar has to be one of the best athletic shoes I 've ever bought . They are comfortable & accomodate my wide orthotics . Not to mention , they go well with almost anything - jeans & t-shirt , track suit , or shorts . Also they are great for more than just basketball - I wear them for tennis as well as everyday use . Their wide range of colors is great ; right now I have 2 pairs in different colors . Overall a great shoe .
 Comfortable casual tennis shoe that I have gotten a lot of compliments on . I did not care for the extra wide laces so I replaced them with normal width laces .
 they do a really good job ; fast shipping and the item was in very good condition i give them 6 stars !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 With a good selection of colors to go with the casual style , to say I love these shoes is an understatement . They are very comfortable , and have grown on me so much , they are about the only casual style shoes I have bought in the past few years .
 I love the European futbol , and I also love european shoes . So it 's only natural that I would endorse these original adidas sneakers . They never go out of style , and they are very durable . The perfect combination of style and comfortability . If i 'm not in by prodigous , black , work shoes I am wearing adidas . I also like playing tennis in them , as they are comfortable . They match with my outdoor sports attire , and impress my foes on the court . 5 stars for adidas
 Great item . I got them for my boyfriend for his birthday , he loves them .
 I purchased these shoes as a christmas gift for someone i know , unfortunately they ran a little bigger than expectedso i had to return them . However , since they were a christmas present i still wanted that person to have these shoes so i went out to a different retailer near me and purchased the same shoes in a different size . The quality of these `` online '' shoes truly surpassed that of the ones i went out and bought . i wish they had fit ! These were a better quality leather and the shoe was a nice bright white color compared to the ones i got after which were an off white-ish tone . i highly recommend these shoes !!
 GOOD LOOKING KICKS IF YOUR KICKIN IT OLD SCHOOL LIKE ME . AND COMFORTABLE . AND RELATIVELY CHEAP . I 'LL ALWAYS KEEP A PAIR OF STAN SMITH 'S AROUND FOR WEEKENDS .
 i had purchased these kicks three years ago for work purpose . three years later i still wear them everyday . my job is fairly labor intensive , so they have really taken a beating . while they are still in decent shape and by far my most confortable shoe , i am ordering another pair or two from amazon . cant wait to get my new pair to start breaking them in !
 The shoes are comfortable , the fit well and they seem to be standing up to wear and tear exceptionally well . Also , Amazon.com is really easy and convinient to shop from .
 i do n't really know why they are awesome shoes . they just are . actually , i think it 's the classic design . i do n't know about you , but to me a lot of today 's shoes looks like someone had seizure at the stitch shop -- too many lines , too many colors , too busy ! it gives me a headache just looking at them . someone stop the madness!in contrast , the adidas superstar is the epitome of a clean , classic shoe
 Very comfortable shoe with soft leather uppers . Awesome old-school styling that looks good with jeans or khakis or whatever . The only issue I had is that they seem to run about 1/2 to one full size too small , and they 're cut narrower than the typical running/hiking shoes I 'm used to . After awhile , these start to feel sorta tight on my feet , and my feet are not wide either . IMO , just order at least 1/2 to one full size bigger than your foot size and they should be ok .
 These shoes are really very comfortable . It takes a couple of wears for the shoe to shape according to your foot size , but after that it is perfect and goes well with almost anything .
 I 've always love &#34; my a-didas &#34; -LRB- a little Run-DMC -RRB- . These superstars just rock like no other shoe can . I have not changed shoe styles in years simply because these just rock with comfort .
 I bought these when I was overseas , to replace my first pair which I wore down to nothing . They are well made and my first pair lasted me three years of constant wear and tear . I would recommend buying a half size larger then you might typically wear . These seemed to run a little smaller than some tennis shoes . I love these shoes , and I will always have a pair in my closet .
 Great product and service that is fairly priced , arrived promptly and exactly as ordered . A + + +
 I found these tennis shoes to provide great support and are very comfortable to wear ! I LOVE my Adidas Superstars !! I 'm SO thankful that Amazon had them in their inventory they are so hard to find !!
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 My daughter is six and I 've been buying Stride Rite Beatrix shoes for her since she learned to walk . She calls them her `` buckles '' -LRB- as in , `` go get your buckles on . '' -RRB- and she wears them everywhere except snow and mud . I love how they make little girls look like little girls -LRB- in a world of belly shirts sold in toddler sections and platform shoes on kids who are then expected to safely go play on the playground at recess -RRB- .
 This shoes are soft for my girl she loves them . it was a really good buy .
 I purchased these school for preschool . They are a well made shoe , however , they run small . My daughter is a size 11 in all other shoes . I had to get the 11 1/2 .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I tend to wear anywhere from a size 5-6 in womens and these fit just right . Does n't have the arch support that the bigger sized rainbows have . You have to break these in to form to your feet so you might get some cuts/blisters at first . Wear these basically daily , now I have an awkward large strap tan but it does n't really matter since I wear these all the time anyways . Nice for women with small feet and not having to pay another $ 20 for adult size .
 My 15 year old daughter just loves these sandals and says they are the best ones she has ever had ! She wears them every day . : - -RRB-
 Perfect for women with small feet ... I usually wear a 5.5 women 's , and I got a 4/5 , I believe . Very comfortable and goes with everything for summer !
 We always buy rainbow sandals , each member of the family has a pair now . I had my first pair for 21 years !!
 These are the best flip flop sandals available for adults and kids . They are extremely well made and comfortable . The more you wear them , the more they mold to your feet . I have had the same pair of Rainbows for two and a half years and wear them all summer long to the beach and around town . They are still in great shape . My daughter is a size 3 1/2 youth and I ordered her a size 4/5 . They fit very comfortably and should last into next summer .
 Product arrived in a timely fashion . These shoes are hard to find in my daughter 's size so I was happy to be able to find them online .
 Speedy service and perfect sandals , just as described . My son was so pleased on Christmas morning , he said `` WOW , Rainbows for ME !!! ''
 These are very comfortable and they are the only thing my son will wear right now !
 We had the wrong size for our child 's sandals and they were very helpful , both on the phone and via e-mail . Thank you !
 I wear a womans 5 , and ordered the pink 4-5 . I am 18 and have always wanted a pair ! finally treated myself !! Cant wait to break them in
 I got these for my daughter , but we had to return them and get a size larger . She 's in a solid 3 right now so we ordered the 2-3s . We ended up getting a 4-5 and they JUST fit so they definitely run small .
 These sandals are great for the price and its style . I normally fit into a size 5 in woman 's sandals and the 4-5 M big kid size was perfect . I would definitely suggest anyone to purchase these . Knowing the superb quality of rainbow sandals , I know these sandals will last me for years .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This is my first experience with ordering shoes over the internet . I usually like to try shoes on before purchasing to make sure of the style and fit . I was pressed for time so I took a chance hoping that the shoes would be as pictured and would fit correctly.The shipping was lightening fast and once they arrived not only did they fit perfectly , but the style was better than what was pictured . Not only did my wife comment on the look but 2 total strangers asked where I purchased the shoes.I must admit that I would not hesitate to make a shoe purchase over the internet in the future !
 I bought these for my husband as a gift . He wears then almost every day -LRB- they 're about 2 months old now -RRB- and they still look great . The square toe is stylish and comfortable ... the price is terrific !
 Best-kept secret in the shoe business ; I 've bought two different models and they are both excellently-crafted shoes that fit well . I use these as my `` daily walker '' to work and they are low-maintenance slip-ons -LRB- no having to tie shoes when you 're late for work , heh -RRB- .
 The shoes arrived very promptly , and were exactly as pictures . I 'm very pleased with how they look - which was one of my bigger concerns before purchasing as I tend to be a visual person.The only downside to the shoes is that , for my foot shape , there 's a rough spot on the outside of my feet where the stitching of the lip tries to scrape through my sock . I 'm hopeful that this will be solved by breaking the shoes in a bit , but if not it will restrict the shoes to only special occasions -LRB- where I can grin and bear the irritation -RRB- . Provided this comfort issue resolves itself , this will be a 5-star review .
 These are great ... love them . Great arch support , yes , arch support in a flip flop . I would deffinately tell my friends to purchase these !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I love anything with Mermaids ! But aside from that the shoes are very comfortable , the quality is good -LRB- a little pricey ! -RRB-
 the mens mmizuno geo spark 2 's are one the best track and field spikes to date . the way the under part of the shoe helps have a more powerful start also the traction that it gives is remarkable , i also love the strap for added support and fit
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I ordered these shoes thinking they were going to be for a toddler - the description was written Toddler 2M / Women 's 4 . They are a Women 's 4 .
 As I have already stated I will not waste my time on these reviews and will only fill in `` stars ''
 Our entire family loves all our Crocs . Just a warning , especially for parents . Do not wear them and do n't let your kids wear them on escalators !!! While in the Atlanta Airport , we had a terrible experience with our 3 year old little girl . We had just bought her a brand new pair of red mary jane crocs . She was standing on the escalator step beside me . My husband -LRB- on the step behind us -RRB- saw her foot get jerked in the side and he grabbed her up . The strap on the mary jane broke and the front of the shoe was all torn up . But , thankfully our little gal was n't hurt . When we called the insurance company to get reimbursement for the shoes , the adjuster said he 's paid for many many lost toes ! Apparently the big problem is the material the crocs are made of gets caught easily on the side of the escalator step . I thought I was being safe keeping her beside me on the step . Also , untied sneakers are a big risk - they get caught up in the escalator and the laces just get tighter . Meanwhile , we love crocs . Just about all I wear . I have arthritis and can walk all day in Crocs without pain . I especially love the Mary Janes for me and my daugters . Comfortable but cute . I like the styles with holes for ventilation . I got a pair of new Olivia style and they are so cute but my feet get so hot . Just keep all of them off escalators !!!
 The shoes are great . My complaint is the myriad of sizing options and discrepancies . I bought a 2/4 which is supposed to be a kid 's size 2 -LRB- or women 's 4 -RRB- . My daughter wears a 1.5 so I thought a 2/4 sounded right . Well , it was huge
 This maryjane from crocs is the ultimate summer style . Its dual-strapped , ventilated upper and traction outsole come together in a fun , girly design that 'll take her wherever she wants to go -- fashionably .
 My daughter loves the shoes and it seems to match easily with all the clothes . My daughter has wide feet , and it is easy to put on and remove . The shoes is easy to wash and fast to dry . The tiny pair of shoes came in a very big box with stuffing , so the shipping charges is very high if there is no free delivery .
 This are great summer shoes . I got them for my 1 yr old little girl and they are perfect for when she is playing outside and gets sand or water on her feet . They are easy to clean and very cute on her . The only drawbacks are that they do n't have much support for her feet like a sneaker or `` real '' shoe and the plastic makes her feet a little sweaty . Of course all the gibbets make them fun too : -RRB-
 When I opened the box , my daughter literally gasped , she loves this shoe!Unfortunately its too big for her to wear right now , so she 'll need to wait a couple of months . We are Croc fans but I wish the sizing was more specific and not so general .
 It 's perfect for my two and half year old daughter . Comfortable , durable and easy to clean . The only concern I have is that she may twist her ankle in these shoes , but it has n't happened yet .
 This is a great shoe for the summer . My 3 yr old daughter can easily put them on and take them off . She wears them to the beach , park , home and prefers them over any other sandal or tennis shoe . It was also a great shoe when she was being potty trained . When they get dirty , I can easily wash them . They run big .
 My daughter loved her first crocs at the age of 2 , and now I got these sandals for the coming summer . It 's good for traveling and for the pool , easy to wash , lightweight and cute .
 cute shoes and comforable . she loves them and always wants to wear them ! great fit .
 They are absolutely perfect for my 21 month old . She is able to walk very well in them . They are great in comfort , able to clean easily and look great with summer attire .
 The little girl I gave these to absolutely loved them ! This is a new style -LRB- at least i have n't seen them before -RRB- . She thinks they are really cool in bright pink .
 These little CROCS are made of soft -LRB- pliable -RRB- rubber and come in cherry colors . The shoe protects the little `` piggies '' while allowing ventilation .
 My girls loves them , I love them . Easy to clean , to put on . The only reason why I did n't give it the 5 stars was the strap in the middle is just a tiny bit tight . Sometimes she 'll get a mark on her foot but sometimes she wo n't . Overall worth the high price .
 We had tried the Cayman Crocs for my daughter , who has narrow feet -LRB- Stride rite 6M -RRB- . The Caymans were way too wide and kept falling off , so I had almost given up on Crocs all together . When I read the reviews here for the Mary Janes , I decided to give them a try in the toddler 6-7 . They 're perfect ! Just enough room to grow for the summer and the double straps help them stay on no problem . She 's running all over and loves to put them on by herself . I love how easy they are to clean !
 My daughter loves these new crocs . She tells me how soft and nice they feel at school all day . Try them , they are worth it .
 Product fit well and was comfortable and sturdy . My daughter wears them all the time .
 I just bought several pairs of these at Piperline in the mall and they were only $ 5 per pair . Then , I saw the Mammoth ones -LRB- the ones with the furry lining inside -RRB- for $ 10 at Macy 's . Are Croc 's going out of style ?? I have never seen them this cheap . The kids love them .
 Cute , pratical and STRONG . Do n't get the imitations ; pay more for the brand name which is far better . I 've had 2 pairs for about a year and the mj 's are fantastic -- a great alternative to flip flops , beach , and for casual parties .
 I love crocs and have been buying them ever since my children could fit into them . I do n't know how moms make it through summer without them . This was my 1st time purchasing the Mary Janes ~ and I loved them . Cute and a little dressy too ! Another great croc for my tot !
 Bought on amazon about a year ago and they are still going strong ... our 4 month old lab pup took a few small chews and they did n't penetrate the shoe . Yes they do run big in size -LRB- the 8/9 -RRB- fits both my 5 and 2 year old and they both wear the one pair . A great alternative to the original clog .
 These will be my daughters first pair of Crocs -LRB- She is 19 months -RRB- . I bought them for her to wear next spring and she loves them ! I myself have had 4 pair of Crocs in the past and they are the best ! I worked 12 hour shifts at the hospital and Crocs were more comfortable to me than the most expensive nursing shoe . I can not wait for my daughter to start her Crocs collection !
 My daughter has now had 2 pairs of Crocs Mary Janes and they are fantastic . They are sooo comfortable - she wants to wear them daily in warm weather.They are easy to clean , so after a day of play , it 's easy to scrub them off and they look great again.We 've had issues with a couple of other Crocs designed shoes , but the Mary Jane is a real winner .
 This is my 3.5 year old daughter 's third pair of Crocs and they are by far my favorite . While most Crocs look Clunky - these are much more fitted to her feet . I also love the MJ style - they are just so cute . We ordered the purple and I am so glad that we did . The color is bright and goes with a lot more than I originally thought . I highly recommend Crocs in general because they are easy to put on and wear well - but this is by far my favorite style !
 I LOVE these shoes . They are great and easy to put on and take off . My daughter loves them !
 I bought these for my 5 year old daughter . She hates wearing shoes ! Usually flip-flps are her shoe of choice . But she loves these Crocs ! They fit well and are much cuter than the original croc shoes .
 they fit great ! & love the color . delivered when I was told . & reasonable price ... cheaper than most stores .
 My daughter loves them , they 're her second pair and she wears them almost everyday when the weather permits .
 i had purchased these kicks three years ago for work purpose . three years later i still wear them everyday . my job is fairly labor intensive , so they have really taken a beating . while they are still in decent shape and by far my most confortable shoe , i am ordering another pair or two from amazon . cant wait to get my new pair to start breaking them in !
 The shoes are comfortable , the fit well and they seem to be standing up to wear and tear exceptionally well . Also , Amazon.com is really easy and convinient to shop from .
 i do n't really know why they are awesome shoes . they just are . actually , i think it 's the classic design . i do n't know about you , but to me a lot of today 's shoes looks like someone had seizure at the stitch shop -- too many lines , too many colors , too busy ! it gives me a headache just looking at them . someone stop the madness!in contrast , the adidas superstar is the epitome of a clean , classic shoe
 Very comfortable shoe with soft leather uppers . Awesome old-school styling that looks good with jeans or khakis or whatever . The only issue I had is that they seem to run about 1/2 to one full size too small , and they 're cut narrower than the typical running/hiking shoes I 'm used to . After awhile , these start to feel sorta tight on my feet , and my feet are not wide either . IMO , just order at least 1/2 to one full size bigger than your foot size and they should be ok .
 These shoes are really very comfortable . It takes a couple of wears for the shoe to shape according to your foot size , but after that it is perfect and goes well with almost anything .
 I 've always love &#34; my a-didas &#34; -LRB- a little Run-DMC -RRB- . These superstars just rock like no other shoe can . I have not changed shoe styles in years simply because these just rock with comfort .
 I bought these when I was overseas , to replace my first pair which I wore down to nothing . They are well made and my first pair lasted me three years of constant wear and tear . I would recommend buying a half size larger then you might typically wear . These seemed to run a little smaller than some tennis shoes . I love these shoes , and I will always have a pair in my closet .
 Great product and service that is fairly priced , arrived promptly and exactly as ordered . A + + +
 I found these tennis shoes to provide great support and are very comfortable to wear ! I LOVE my Adidas Superstars !! I 'm SO thankful that Amazon had them in their inventory they are so hard to find !!
 There are different version of SS II for adidas . I think it already tells you what a classical pair of shoes they are . I really doubt you could find such a price else where other than amazon . Really nice shoes for causal use . Generally , if you are looking for a pair of sneaker for basketball , this is not the one , since it could not give you enough protect for your ankles . But if you are looking for a pair of shoes for walking , you definitely should consider this pair .
 For the money , you ca n't go wrong . I looked for the same shoe online and in a few stores and could n't find anything for this price . The shoe fits great , I love the style , and would do it again in a heartbeat - in fact I probably will .
 This product was a gift . The person loved them , as he bragged about how many pair he had in his collection . Amazon you have it all Thank you so much for such a quick site .
 This is the original perhaps with better arches than I remember as a Run DMC fan from way back !
 Perfect fit . The inside is comfortable and I dont feel the cramps I feel with other shoes . I also find it very easy to maintain balance wearing this shoe ... I highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys comfort !!!
 These are the only sneakers my son will wear ... has worn this brand/style for the last 5 + years . Excellent price !
 It 's been over a year with these sneakers . Must say they 've held up really well . Look really classic too . Probably the best pair of shoes I 've ever had . They 're not very athletic intensive but for casual games and use they 're great . Awesome for just `` kickin ' it '' .
 Adidas Superstar has to be one of the best athletic shoes I 've ever bought . They are comfortable & accomodate my wide orthotics . Not to mention , they go well with almost anything - jeans & t-shirt , track suit , or shorts . Also they are great for more than just basketball - I wear them for tennis as well as everyday use . Their wide range of colors is great ; right now I have 2 pairs in different colors . Overall a great shoe .
 Comfortable casual tennis shoe that I have gotten a lot of compliments on . I did not care for the extra wide laces so I replaced them with normal width laces .
 they do a really good job ; fast shipping and the item was in very good condition i give them 6 stars !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 With a good selection of colors to go with the casual style , to say I love these shoes is an understatement . They are very comfortable , and have grown on me so much , they are about the only casual style shoes I have bought in the past few years .
 I love the European futbol , and I also love european shoes . So it 's only natural that I would endorse these original adidas sneakers . They never go out of style , and they are very durable . The perfect combination of style and comfortability . If i 'm not in by prodigous , black , work shoes I am wearing adidas . I also like playing tennis in them , as they are comfortable . They match with my outdoor sports attire , and impress my foes on the court . 5 stars for adidas
 Great item . I got them for my boyfriend for his birthday , he loves them .
 I purchased these shoes as a christmas gift for someone i know , unfortunately they ran a little bigger than expectedso i had to return them . However , since they were a christmas present i still wanted that person to have these shoes so i went out to a different retailer near me and purchased the same shoes in a different size . The quality of these `` online '' shoes truly surpassed that of the ones i went out and bought . i wish they had fit ! These were a better quality leather and the shoe was a nice bright white color compared to the ones i got after which were an off white-ish tone . i highly recommend these shoes !!
 GOOD LOOKING KICKS IF YOUR KICKIN IT OLD SCHOOL LIKE ME . AND COMFORTABLE . AND RELATIVELY CHEAP . I 'LL ALWAYS KEEP A PAIR OF STAN SMITH 'S AROUND FOR WEEKENDS .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 Not bad ... took out of the box and started wearing right away . Comfortable , keeps the shine awhile .
 I normally wear size ten shoe but size was much to big for me . I sent it back and reordered a 9.5 . Good quality shoe and happy with it .
 i stand on my feet all day so these rubber soled shoes feel nice all day long . the shiny surface of the shoes also make clean-up a breeze.i got these for $ 30 shipped and would get more if i could .
 The quality was very good . The fit was exactly what I expected . The shoes needed no break-in and they were comfortable from the start . The shape was better than what I had before as they now fully accomodate my toes without squashing them together as was the case in the pointy shoes that I had .
 The shoes arrived quicky and are what we expected . The photos online were perfect .
 The shoe looks and feels great . Looks better than the picture . I would recommend this shoe to anyone who wants to dress professionally and still be comfortable .
 Funny how some people did n't like these shoes . Me personaly , I love them and I 'm on the 3rd pair of the same shoes . They are a dressy enough for business but casual enough for a business dress look . They look good with suits or jeans . I will say that it takes a week or so to break in when they are new , but I 'd say that will about any new shoe .
 These shoes are wonderful . I bought these for my son , and he loves them . They are a very versatile shoe . My son wears them mainly for dress , but wears them occasionally with his khakis . He finds them to be comfortable and wearable . He expects these to last a long time . Bostonian is a very reputable brand , since these are Italian made there is a higher quality of workmanship into these shoes . Most shoes are made in India , China , Vietnam , or Taiwan . There is n't the quality there comparative to the Italians . Overall this shoe is a great shoe that is a great price .
 I just received this shoes today . Built in quality very high . In my opinion , this shoes worth over $ 100 . So the Amazon price is steal deal . Not to mention , this bostonian shoes is made in Italy and very comfortable to use . It is patent leather . For reviewer who think this shoes is clunky , maybe he did not get the right size . New shoes usually take some times to get comfortable with . Highly recommended !
 Pros : * Price - I got them -LRB- 5-10 years ago -RRB- on sale for $ 25 . * Style - At the time , the square toe look was `` in '' even though it 's gone out of style since.Cons : * Heavy - my shins would be a little sore after wearing them if I had n't in a while . * Uncomfortable - I usually only wore them for dressier occasions and they were fine but when I tried to wear them all day at work , my feet started hurting and I had to get insoles.Other : * Durable - they have held up fairly well over these years but then again I really only wore them on average maybe once a month . * Sizing - fine but they felt a little loose especially if wearing dress socks .
 Shiney and new , I have wore this for many years , and I love it , but the shoe pinches the toes when you kneel or squat with these shoes on . These shoes have served me for many years , 5 years matter in fact . The pinching that it does , I just used to it , although I worked as and IT guy , I bend , squat , and kneel a lot . In a professional matter , the shoe looks great and it has style , but not for function .
 I purchased these for my husband and they have held up well . Nice shoe !
 I purchased thise shoe for my husband . They are a great looking classy men 's shoe . They have a very rich looking waxy leather finish that is excellent for the professional man . He love 's them and I loved the price !!!
 I was apprehensive buying shoes without trying them on . I have owned serveal pairs of Bostonian Oxfords and know the comfort they bring after a long day of meetings . For the price these shoes are unbeatable . I could not give a 5 star rating due to the fact they have a weird `` new shoe '' smell .
 The shoes were received in a timely manner , even though they were not as comfy as expected them to be ; but overall they are very nice looking dress shoes to wear on special occasions ...
 Excellent , attractive shoe that 's very comfortable . Also delivered in a very timely manner . Definitely recommend purchasing .
 I liked the shape of the shoes & its very comfortable i could go on with it for the whole day ... that 's why i got 2 pairs in black & brown .
 My husband originally ordered a different pair of shoes for our wedding but Amazon informed us that they were not in stock . We found these shoes and were happy to note that they were well constructed and did not break the bank .
 I love the shoes . They look great , they feel great , and the price was right .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 My wife has a hard time finding strap-back velcro or buckle sandals in a wide width and a short size ... . these are almost perfect . The only problem is that the buckle strap is very short and a bit hard for her to buckle - aside from that , she LOVES these sandals ! She says `` HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! ''
 Estoy encantada con esas sandalias , preciosas , muy comodas . He tenido otras sandalias de esta marca y me han resultado excelentes . Si lo recomendaria .
 I really like the way the shoe feels , I would have given it a 5 if it had better arch support -LRB- My other experiences w / Propet they all had great support -RRB- . The foot bed on this sandal is flat . It does not feel like it will pinch or give blisters . I have only worn it around the house so far to see how they will be .
 Very comfortable sandle . Hard to find a good quality sandle that offers support and leave your feet feeling good even after walking a long time . The sole is thick enough to absorb hard pavement . Best sandle I 've ever owned .
 The width is perfect , and they were priced very reasonably . This is my first time purchasing Propet shoes , but it definitely wo n't be my last .
 I love the Breeze Walker sandal . I gave it 4 stars because they changed their sole . At least that is my opinion . I am going to call the manufacturer to check . What I am referring to is that it seems to be a man-made composition instead of the way it used to be leather . As a result I feel like it is slippery if there is perspiration . Other than that it is a very comfortable walking shoe .
 I bought this pair from a plus-size catalog , and have been extremely pleased with them . My flat feet are clown-sized and wide , and I 'm partly disabled -LRB- one foot is usually swollen -RRB- , so you can imagine how difficult it is to find comfy shoes . This brand and model is very lightweight and cushioned as I walk . The light weight is important because I do n't have to stomp around in boots , and I do n't trip on carpet or other surface disruptions . I can put on some mileage with this pair ! The Velcro straps easily adjust for my normal foot and swollen foot . It 's all good . Time to buy another color , because the first pair , bought in 2008 , is by no means worn out or broken . Add to my cart , Amazon !
 Propet makes excellent shoes , all types , their sandals are my favorite and this style is the most comfortable I have every worn .
 Propet breeze walker sandals were received as described ... before estimated delivery date . Would order this product again .
 These sandals are just great in comfort and appearance , wonderful for vacations . The service was speedy as always .
 First time shoe buyer via internet . Purchased because I 'd worn Propet before and was pleased with fit . Not disappointed ! The fit was perfect and shoes delivered in a timely way .
 This shoe is very comfortable and so far easy to clean . They were comfortable at the first wearing . They are excellent when you have a lot of walking to do .
 I own seven pairs of this sandal , in six colors , and I have purchased one further pair for my mother , who is in a nursing home in Arizona , and whose feet swell . I wear sandals 365 days a year in Idaho , as due to a thyroid disease , I can not tolerate having warm feet . I have worn out two pairs in the past . The first one I wore for four years , daily , exclusively , due to poverty , and they stood up to the abuse . -LRB- I have large feet and I am a substantial woman . -RRB- I would recommend this sandal to anyone who suffers from any of a range of foot issues , because it is totally adjustable . The sandal is well-made ; after three years , I had my shoe repair person replace the elastic under the buckle on both sandals . Otherwise , everything held up , in rain and snow , daily , in Idaho . I believe that manufacturers call that `` testing to destruction '' . I replaced that pair not so much because of their age , as because I finally had enough money to buy another pair . I did not even look for any other kind of sandal , or any other manufacturer . I will be wearing these for the rest of my life.Some of the other reviewers have mentioned that they had no break-in period with this model . Neither did I. On ONE sandal in ONE pair , there was a rough edge inside on a sewn seam . I bought some moleskin and attached it to the rough place inside the sandal , and have never given it another thought.My mother is delighted with the pair I bought her for this summer ; I came to this page today to buy her another color for the winter.My only wish is that a few more colors were available in 12EE . But I can not downgrade the sandal for that . I own and wear sandals in colors I had never been able to find before in my life . Color me a happy Propet customer for life .
 I have this walking sandal in white and tan , as well as the black ones I recently purchased from Amazon.com . They fit great and are very comfortable for all day wear . I wear a size 13 N , and it 's difficult to find shoes , so I was pleased to find them on Amazon.com . Another plus was Amazon 's price was much less than where I 'd purchased the other two pair .
 The heat in Arizona makes everything hot , especially your feet . It would be so uncomfortable without Propet Sandals . I purchased a pair last year and was overjoyed to be able to purchase two pairs this year . Try them . You too can be comfortable no matter how hot it gets .
 I purchased these in a 4E width for my grandmother , whose feet are very swollen due to medical issues . It had gotten to the point where shoes either did n't fit her or were very uncomfortable . Finally I found these and they actually fit her ! She is very happy with them . They were worth every penny .
 These are my second pair of Propet sandals . I bought another pair because they are super comfortable sandals . They are great for walking a long way or standing for extended periods . I recently stood in a standby line at an event for several hours and my feet felt great . My only gripe with these shoes would be the location of the buckle . They are not the easiest shoes to get off and on especially at airport security .
 I did n't notice the buckle when I ordered , but the shoe fits so well that the little extra time involved does n't bother me at all . I ordered it in red -LRB- not a bright true red , but toned-down - think medium rust with touch of pink and chocolate -RRB- . It will go with most things in my closet . Propet is a wonderful shoe - I have a similar sandal in tan with two velcro straps and a closed back -LRB- a `` tennis shoe '' sandal -RRB- , and a boot with 2 '' heel . All are very comfortable - at this age , the most important detail in footwear !
 This shoe was nice and comfortable . Bought it for a trip to Europe.However , it came up too high on my ankle bone and had to return it .
 I was looking for a good walking sandal that could be adjusted in case my feet were swollen -LRB- as often happens after flying -RRB- . These were comfortable right away , the size was good , wore them every day and they were always comfortable , no blisters forming . Very happy with them , and would purchase other Propet products .
 I have always been reluctant to buy shoes on-line but I decided to give it a try . Thanks to all of you wonderful Amazon customers who took the time to describe your experience and give your honest feedback ! I have a very high arch and instep and many shoes will not fit over my foot . Also , in some shoes I wear one size and in some another size . I took a chance and bought what is usually my `` regular size '' . They fit perfectly . With the adjustable straps , my instep problems are solved . But most of all , when I put them on the first time , my instant response was `` Ahhhhhhh '' - they are so very comfortable right out of the box . No `` breaking in '' at all . They have become by favorite summer shoes and while some sandals are only for casual wear , these are nice enough to wear anywhere . Delivery was on time as advertised and they even included easy return instructions and pre-paid return label . Fortunately , I did n't have to use it .
 I just purchased my 5th pair of Propet Breeze Walkers . I have some severe foot problems post botched bunion surgery , and these sandals are the only shoes that are comfortable all day long for me . The arch is very good and the adjustable straps allow you to adjust to meet your foot needs . Love them .
 I very much liked the shoe , but due to the fact that I have very narrow feet , it did n't fit . Great service ordering through Amazon .
 Like walking on air . They are well cushioned and adjustable width . I 'll buy these in other colors for sure . The ankle strap provides some support . I 've had a couple of ankle surgeries so I need really well padded soles and these provide the comfort I need .
 I was delighted to find these sandals very comfortable and at a great price . I have a hard foot to fit and they were perfect .
 I do n't have good luck with this brand . I bought Propet walking shoes that I had to return because they were too small . I like the looks of these sandals and I read the reviews that said they run large so I thought they might fit me . I ordered my usual size and they were too small . My toes were right at the end . I returned those and ordered the next size up . This time the length was just right but the shoes are wider ! Even with the velcro adjustment I ca n't get them comfortably snug . This is just me . They are nice sandals and I really wish they fit me . If Propet shoes fit you then you 'll like these sandals .
 I have spent several years looking for a practical walking , comfortable white sandal . A friend suggested to check Amazon and I am so happy I did . These sandals are comfortable and exactly what I wanted . The price was reasonable too !
 I purchased these shoes as a gift for my aunt in PA. . She said it is the most comfortable shoe she has ever worn . I will purchase another pair for her closer to spring but told her the red ones are year-round too . Next , I will purchase a pair for me . Many thanks . NJ
 Wonderful sandal - comfortable - easily adjusts to just the right size ! Sturdy and stylish ! I 've worn this sandal for at least 5 years now ! I just love it !
 This is the most comfortable sandal I have ever worn . I bought a second pair for wearing outside because I use the first pair as slippers . The insole is like walking on a cloud , a dry cloud . The front straps are adjustable . The fit is true . I can wear them all day long . I have had shoes and sandals that gave me blisters on my bunions or corns on my toes . Not these . I hope Propet never stop making them.Mary
 Several years ago I broke all five metatarsus in my right foot . I have since then had some problem finding comfortable/well fitting shoes . The ability to adjust the front two straps on the Propet sandals has been fantastic . The feel walking in these shoes is more comfortable than any other sandals I have ever had ... even those that cost much more . They are also available in many different colors and I like this also .
 Really happy with my purchase . This is the second pair of Propet ' I 've purchased . The first pair was a short all weather boot . I love the side zipper and the wide sizing . The second pair is a pair of sandals , brick color is great . Comfy , good support .
 It is very difficult to find `` normal '' shoes when you have wide feet or foot problems . Propet offers styles for every foot .
 Bought my first pair a couple of years ago . Just bought two more pairs to take on a cruise . They are attractive have good support and are comfortable to walk in . the two velcro front straps were a great adjustment idea . My old ones still have a lot of wear left . Will use for yard work , etc. .
 Wife loves this product . She is disappointed that it is appearently unavailable in the Yellow color anymore .
 This is my favorite sandal . I highly recommend this product for everyday summer outings and vacations . Walking is a breeze in these Breeze Walkers .
 These are so comfy and are really walking shoes . I liked them so much I ordered a second pair . Shoes are difficult for me to buy as my feet are small and narrow but these fit .
 I wanted some new summer sandals , but I did n't want to pay top dollar.I first looked at Clarks , but no good prices on what I liked.I looked at several other brands before seeing Propet . I decided to give them a try , and I am so thankful I did!The propet women 's breeze walker sandal is well made , expensive looking and very comfortable . No break in time needed.This particular sandal has some type of breathable cushiony thing which seems to keep my feet dry so far . -LRB- we 'll see how well it work as weather gets much hotter -RRB- . If you 're on the fence about buying these or another brand -LRB- like Clark 's -RRB- , I 'd say give Propet a try . The quality and comfort are there.Hopefully , you 'll get them on sale !
 I 'm so glad that I discovered these shoes ! I have them in every color and wear them most of the time . I travel a lot and I can walk all day in these shoes without pain . I especially like the idea of the velcro straps everywhere so that if your feet swell from sitting too long , you can let them loose a little while . They do n't take up lots of room in your luggage . You can be dressed up or dressed down . I 've worn them to the beach and also for evening wear with a long skirt . Treat yourself and buy a pair of these wonderful shoes ! Order your regular size as they are true to fit . Ignore the person who compared these to Clark 's . These are better .
 I love these sandals . I got the brushed leather ones , and they are very comfortable . They have some arch support and all the straps adjust for a comfortable fit . I wear a 7.5 in most shoes and that is what I ordered in these . They fit me perfectly .
 I have plantar fasciitis which is easily aggravated by most shoes - especially sandals . It has been especially difficult to find sandals that do n't bother my feet . To complicate matters , I blister easily . And , I need adequate but not hard arch support or I have foot pain.These sandals are the most comfortable I have ever worn . I wear them all day - I hike and walk the dogs in them - I even have run in them when I 've needed to - without any problems . I would give the six stars if I could for comfort without looking like clunky old-lady shoes .
 I purchased this shoe in white using my normal size and they are a perfect fit and feel as if you are walking on pillows . My feet do not get tired with this shoe . I am going to purchase this shoe in another color .
 I am quite pleased with these shoes . They are comfortable out of the box . I have very wide feet , and I have a tough time finding shoes that fit . I wanted to buy something that was more reasonably priced than Wolkys -LRB- which I love -RRB- . I bought a size 11 , WW . It 's a bit too long -LRB- a 10 would have been fine -RRB- , but that 's okay . I 'm just delighted to have sandals that are wide enough ! I would certainly buy another pair . I 've never bought shoes online before , and it 's worked out very satisfactorily .
 These sandals are awesome . I have a lot of foot problems due to a birth defect . These were comfortable right out of the box . I ca n't remember the last pair of shoes that did n't need breaking in . The price was also awesome .
 I decided to try these sandals as a possible replacement for the old Clark 's Sunbeat , which no longer lives up to its former standard of quality , unfortunately . These have a very similar appearance and , if anything , are more comfortable . I thought I might dislike the look of the Velcro straps , but it 's actually not very noticeable . They are very comfortable and , I thought , more attractive than they appeared in the picture -LRB- of course , I 'm at an age where `` comfortable '' tends to be synonymous with `` attractive '' -RRB- . I downgraded them one star because the ankle strap tends to ride a little high on me , rubbing right underneath my ankle bone . I think when they get broken in and soften up a little , this will probably cease to be a problem , but for now , it 's very irritating after awhile . Overall , though , I like this sandal and look forward to wearing it this summer .
 Propet Women 's Breeze Walker SandalI have n't bought many shoes on line , but I actually had tried on this model while shopping a few weeks earlier . However I could n't imagine how luxuriously comfortable it would be . I am wearing it everywhere - church , work , shopping - it 's that comfortable . They are also very lightweight and easily wiped off . And they were ten dollars cheaper than at the `` outlet '' store where I was shopping . What a bargain .
 very pretty light blue , not too pale.great fit , very comfortable.fast shipping.this is my seventh pair . lots of color choices .
 It 's the first time that I buy something over amazon and I have to say I am very impressed with the service and the quality of the product .
 I came back this season to get these in bone ; I could n't be happier with my pair in black . The leather is so soft and buttery . The craftsmanship is lovely . I love the scroll on the heal and how the bows move when you walk . The interior of the boot also has a pretty scroll and purple lining that makes them all the more luxurious to wear . Overall , they are very comfortable and easy to slip on . The calf opening is also generous enough to fit over skinny jeans . They are so feminine and sexy -- I highly recommend these if you can find them !
 I love these boots ! I own them in bone and black and always get complements when I wear them .
 I absolutly love these boots they are very comfortable and they look so sexy with jeans or with out ; -RRB-
 This is the 2nd pair of 8 Tracks I 've bought . The 1st was one of the best skate shoes i 've ever used . These ones have n't broken in yet , but I think they will be fine . If you like soft grippy souls , these are for you . Amazon was a great place to buy shoes . However , make sure you try them on in a store 1st to see if they fit !
 These are my 3rd pair of C1RCA 's , and I 'm sure I will be back again because they are so durable . Had these over a year now , and am pretty damn active . Limited skateboarding , a little running -LRB- and climbing fences haha -RRB- , a lot of city miles on them and still going strong . But what did you expect , C1RCA is the shizzle .
 Do n't ever take away my Clarks !!! If you do n't own a pair you are definitely missing out big time . Being almost elderly , my feet ached , my ankles throbbed , my knees were painful and my shoes kept slipping on all those shiny tile floors at the mall . I was about to make an appointment for knee surgery or something to stop the pain . A friend of mine heard me complaining and said she too had thought knee surgery , but her foot doctor suggested it may be the shoes . What a concept !!! What to do ??? Dave suggested CLARKS ... I bought a pair , then another and another . The knee pains , foot aches , ankle throbs and slipping on those shiny tiles all went away and you want me to review my Clarks ? OK , ... CLARKS are BETTER than the BEST . I wear them everyday , AND , they look good too !
 This boot quickly became my favorite . Light weight but tough and durable with soles that are easy to clean after working in the garden . After two years I 'm ready to get another pair but the old ones are still going strong .
 This is the first time that I buy a Zengara Shoes , for me is a nice shoe like photos , very confortable and look pretty good . I will buy another one .
 it looks the same as amazon previw picture no differences at alli like it
 Good shoes at the price . Nice style and comfort .
 This shoe is very stylish for those who enjoy skateboard wear , but you dont need to be a skater to wear that . I have a ton of friends that wear that kind of shoe , look cool and dont skate at all . I do that myself . I would recommend this shoe to anyone who likes skateboard or street wear .
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 These boots are very comfortable and still made in the USA ! They were shipped very fast the price was the lowest I have seen . If you need rubber steel toe boots you will like these . I wear them on concrete floors ad they do well .
 pros
 Shoes are excellently made , they 're extremely comfortable and the leather is one very shiney ; not a cheap imitation . If you have wide feet and want durable , great quality and price boots , these are the one !!! I bought them for my small brother who has Down Syndrome and he simply loves them . I even bought him an extra pair of the same model . Previously I had bought other SAO boots in stores here in Puerto Rico and they 've all turned out a great purchase . But , that was years ago and now SAO shoes are sort of hard to find here , so I searched these hard to find shoes through the internet and thank God I found them here !!! I 'm very thankful . Keep up the excellent job !!!
 Very happy with the bag but I am giving it as a gift which I think will be a nice surprise for someone ...
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 These shoes are great for keeping your feet cool . The down side to the shoe is that after the first couple of weeks the padding in the insole is completely gone so be prepared to buy new insoles shortly there after . Once I did that they are good as new again .
 I 've been wearing the Ashton -LRB- BrunoMagli -RRB- for about a year now -LRB- 5 days per week -RRB- . They still look very good with minimal upkeep -LRB- Shined at barber shop once per month or so -RRB- . Has to be one of the most comfortable shoes I 've owned at any price.I 'm glad to see that Amazon 's source for the shoe has it in stock in my size -LRB- 12W -RRB- . This shoe has been out-of-stock at most US sources for almost a year now.Kinda expensive ... but the quality for the price is there .
 Scored a pair of Ashtons on CL , very light wear and tiny scratches on right toe . But for $ 80 -LRB- seller would not drop a dollar on price -RRB- , these shoes were a steal . Easily a 5 star shoe !
 My husband has wide feet and he 's super picky about his shoes . I did a ton of research and a friend recommended Bruno Magli . Although it 's pricier than some other shoe brands , it 's well worth it . The comfort and quality is superb -LRB- according to my husband -RRB- . He walks 40 city blocks to and from work every day wearing these shoes , and no complaints ! He used to wear Cole Haan Nike Air shoes -LRB- which are n't bad -RRB- , but he says these are much better .
 I own or have owned 4 pairs . This has been my `` shoe '' for 7-8 years running . I wish they would start making again . .
 This is a great brand , and a great shoe . The black version has a smoother leather , whereas the brown has a texture that is visible in the picture . The brown are a bit more casual looking . As with all of their styles , these are incredibly comfortable shoes . Very high quality .
 This is an excellent shoe !! I was not familiar with the name and was a little concerned about the price , but you indeed get what you pay for . This is the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn . Very fashionable . You ca n't really feel the shoe on your feet .
 I just purchased this shoe second time around for my son . They are very nice looking , comfortable and my son has no complaints . The velcro is great for young age children . The quality is durable as well . I did not bother to look for a different pair for the new school year . I knew I was going to purchase these again . They look great with my son 's uniform .
 I bought this pair for church . It has worked out very well . They are comfortable and my son does not complain at all when he has to wear them . They are similar to black tennis shoes . The only problem I have is when he plays on his knees -LRB- with match box cars , etc -RRB- The tops get scuffed and show wear .
 I love the sleek look , and most of all , it 's comfortable for my four year old nephew !
 I 've had these shoes for over 5 years . The only complaint is that after 3 + years one of the stones fell out . You have to look hard to notice this . All in all , a comfortable shoe .
 if you want a sandal that 's a little jazzed up , then this is the one for you . It 's comfortable and a little dressy , but not too much that you ca n't wear it with a casual outfit .
 I own seven pairs of this sandal , in six colors , and I have purchased one further pair for my mother , who is in a nursing home in Arizona , and whose feet swell . I wear sandals 365 days a year in Idaho , as due to a thyroid disease , I can not tolerate having warm feet . I have worn out two pairs in the past . The first one I wore for four years , daily , exclusively , due to poverty , and they stood up to the abuse . -LRB- I have large feet and I am a substantial woman . -RRB- I would recommend this sandal to anyone who suffers from any of a range of foot issues , because it is totally adjustable . The sandal is well-made ; after three years , I had my shoe repair person replace the elastic under the buckle on both sandals . Otherwise , everything held up , in rain and snow , daily , in Idaho . I believe that manufacturers call that `` testing to destruction '' . I replaced that pair not so much because of their age , as because I finally had enough money to buy another pair . I did not even look for any other kind of sandal , or any other manufacturer . I will be wearing these for the rest of my life.Some of the other reviewers have mentioned that they had no break-in period with this model . Neither did I. On ONE sandal in ONE pair , there was a rough edge inside on a sewn seam . I bought some moleskin and attached it to the rough place inside the sandal , and have never given it another thought.My mother is delighted with the pair I bought her for this summer ; I came to this page today to buy her another color for the winter.My only wish is that a few more colors were available in 12EE . But I can not downgrade the sandal for that . I own and wear sandals in colors I had never been able to find before in my life . Color me a happy Propet customer for life .
 I have this walking sandal in white and tan , as well as the black ones I recently purchased from Amazon.com . They fit great and are very comfortable for all day wear . I wear a size 13 N , and it 's difficult to find shoes , so I was pleased to find them on Amazon.com . Another plus was Amazon 's price was much less than where I 'd purchased the other two pair .
 The heat in Arizona makes everything hot , especially your feet . It would be so uncomfortable without Propet Sandals . I purchased a pair last year and was overjoyed to be able to purchase two pairs this year . Try them . You too can be comfortable no matter how hot it gets .
 I purchased these in a 4E width for my grandmother , whose feet are very swollen due to medical issues . It had gotten to the point where shoes either did n't fit her or were very uncomfortable . Finally I found these and they actually fit her ! She is very happy with them . They were worth every penny .
 These are my second pair of Propet sandals . I bought another pair because they are super comfortable sandals . They are great for walking a long way or standing for extended periods . I recently stood in a standby line at an event for several hours and my feet felt great . My only gripe with these shoes would be the location of the buckle . They are not the easiest shoes to get off and on especially at airport security .
 I did n't notice the buckle when I ordered , but the shoe fits so well that the little extra time involved does n't bother me at all . I ordered it in red -LRB- not a bright true red , but toned-down - think medium rust with touch of pink and chocolate -RRB- . It will go with most things in my closet . Propet is a wonderful shoe - I have a similar sandal in tan with two velcro straps and a closed back -LRB- a `` tennis shoe '' sandal -RRB- , and a boot with 2 '' heel . All are very comfortable - at this age , the most important detail in footwear !
 This shoe was nice and comfortable . Bought it for a trip to Europe.However , it came up too high on my ankle bone and had to return it .
 I was looking for a good walking sandal that could be adjusted in case my feet were swollen -LRB- as often happens after flying -RRB- . These were comfortable right away , the size was good , wore them every day and they were always comfortable , no blisters forming . Very happy with them , and would purchase other Propet products .
 Propet makes excellent shoes , all types , their sandals are my favorite and this style is the most comfortable I have every worn .
 Propet breeze walker sandals were received as described ... before estimated delivery date . Would order this product again .
 These sandals are just great in comfort and appearance , wonderful for vacations . The service was speedy as always .
 First time shoe buyer via internet . Purchased because I 'd worn Propet before and was pleased with fit . Not disappointed ! The fit was perfect and shoes delivered in a timely way .
 This shoe is very comfortable and so far easy to clean . They were comfortable at the first wearing . They are excellent when you have a lot of walking to do .
 My wife has a hard time finding strap-back velcro or buckle sandals in a wide width and a short size ... . these are almost perfect . The only problem is that the buckle strap is very short and a bit hard for her to buckle - aside from that , she LOVES these sandals ! She says `` HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! ''
 Estoy encantada con esas sandalias , preciosas , muy comodas . He tenido otras sandalias de esta marca y me han resultado excelentes . Si lo recomendaria .
 I really like the way the shoe feels , I would have given it a 5 if it had better arch support -LRB- My other experiences w / Propet they all had great support -RRB- . The foot bed on this sandal is flat . It does not feel like it will pinch or give blisters . I have only worn it around the house so far to see how they will be .
 Very comfortable sandle . Hard to find a good quality sandle that offers support and leave your feet feeling good even after walking a long time . The sole is thick enough to absorb hard pavement . Best sandle I 've ever owned .
 The width is perfect , and they were priced very reasonably . This is my first time purchasing Propet shoes , but it definitely wo n't be my last .
 I love the Breeze Walker sandal . I gave it 4 stars because they changed their sole . At least that is my opinion . I am going to call the manufacturer to check . What I am referring to is that it seems to be a man-made composition instead of the way it used to be leather . As a result I feel like it is slippery if there is perspiration . Other than that it is a very comfortable walking shoe .
 I bought this pair from a plus-size catalog , and have been extremely pleased with them . My flat feet are clown-sized and wide , and I 'm partly disabled -LRB- one foot is usually swollen -RRB- , so you can imagine how difficult it is to find comfy shoes . This brand and model is very lightweight and cushioned as I walk . The light weight is important because I do n't have to stomp around in boots , and I do n't trip on carpet or other surface disruptions . I can put on some mileage with this pair ! The Velcro straps easily adjust for my normal foot and swollen foot . It 's all good . Time to buy another color , because the first pair , bought in 2008 , is by no means worn out or broken . Add to my cart , Amazon !
 I wanted some new summer sandals , but I did n't want to pay top dollar.I first looked at Clarks , but no good prices on what I liked.I looked at several other brands before seeing Propet . I decided to give them a try , and I am so thankful I did!The propet women 's breeze walker sandal is well made , expensive looking and very comfortable . No break in time needed.This particular sandal has some type of breathable cushiony thing which seems to keep my feet dry so far . -LRB- we 'll see how well it work as weather gets much hotter -RRB- . If you 're on the fence about buying these or another brand -LRB- like Clark 's -RRB- , I 'd say give Propet a try . The quality and comfort are there.Hopefully , you 'll get them on sale !
 I 'm so glad that I discovered these shoes ! I have them in every color and wear them most of the time . I travel a lot and I can walk all day in these shoes without pain . I especially like the idea of the velcro straps everywhere so that if your feet swell from sitting too long , you can let them loose a little while . They do n't take up lots of room in your luggage . You can be dressed up or dressed down . I 've worn them to the beach and also for evening wear with a long skirt . Treat yourself and buy a pair of these wonderful shoes ! Order your regular size as they are true to fit . Ignore the person who compared these to Clark 's . These are better .
 I love these sandals . I got the brushed leather ones , and they are very comfortable . They have some arch support and all the straps adjust for a comfortable fit . I wear a 7.5 in most shoes and that is what I ordered in these . They fit me perfectly .
 I have plantar fasciitis which is easily aggravated by most shoes - especially sandals . It has been especially difficult to find sandals that do n't bother my feet . To complicate matters , I blister easily . And , I need adequate but not hard arch support or I have foot pain.These sandals are the most comfortable I have ever worn . I wear them all day - I hike and walk the dogs in them - I even have run in them when I 've needed to - without any problems . I would give the six stars if I could for comfort without looking like clunky old-lady shoes .
 I purchased this shoe in white using my normal size and they are a perfect fit and feel as if you are walking on pillows . My feet do not get tired with this shoe . I am going to purchase this shoe in another color .
 I am quite pleased with these shoes . They are comfortable out of the box . I have very wide feet , and I have a tough time finding shoes that fit . I wanted to buy something that was more reasonably priced than Wolkys -LRB- which I love -RRB- . I bought a size 11 , WW . It 's a bit too long -LRB- a 10 would have been fine -RRB- , but that 's okay . I 'm just delighted to have sandals that are wide enough ! I would certainly buy another pair . I 've never bought shoes online before , and it 's worked out very satisfactorily .
 These sandals are awesome . I have a lot of foot problems due to a birth defect . These were comfortable right out of the box . I ca n't remember the last pair of shoes that did n't need breaking in . The price was also awesome .
 I decided to try these sandals as a possible replacement for the old Clark 's Sunbeat , which no longer lives up to its former standard of quality , unfortunately . These have a very similar appearance and , if anything , are more comfortable . I thought I might dislike the look of the Velcro straps , but it 's actually not very noticeable . They are very comfortable and , I thought , more attractive than they appeared in the picture -LRB- of course , I 'm at an age where `` comfortable '' tends to be synonymous with `` attractive '' -RRB- . I downgraded them one star because the ankle strap tends to ride a little high on me , rubbing right underneath my ankle bone . I think when they get broken in and soften up a little , this will probably cease to be a problem , but for now , it 's very irritating after awhile . Overall , though , I like this sandal and look forward to wearing it this summer .
 Propet Women 's Breeze Walker SandalI have n't bought many shoes on line , but I actually had tried on this model while shopping a few weeks earlier . However I could n't imagine how luxuriously comfortable it would be . I am wearing it everywhere - church , work , shopping - it 's that comfortable . They are also very lightweight and easily wiped off . And they were ten dollars cheaper than at the `` outlet '' store where I was shopping . What a bargain .
 very pretty light blue , not too pale.great fit , very comfortable.fast shipping.this is my seventh pair . lots of color choices .
 Wonderful sandal - comfortable - easily adjusts to just the right size ! Sturdy and stylish ! I 've worn this sandal for at least 5 years now ! I just love it !
 This is the most comfortable sandal I have ever worn . I bought a second pair for wearing outside because I use the first pair as slippers . The insole is like walking on a cloud , a dry cloud . The front straps are adjustable . The fit is true . I can wear them all day long . I have had shoes and sandals that gave me blisters on my bunions or corns on my toes . Not these . I hope Propet never stop making them.Mary
 Several years ago I broke all five metatarsus in my right foot . I have since then had some problem finding comfortable/well fitting shoes . The ability to adjust the front two straps on the Propet sandals has been fantastic . The feel walking in these shoes is more comfortable than any other sandals I have ever had ... even those that cost much more . They are also available in many different colors and I like this also .
 Really happy with my purchase . This is the second pair of Propet ' I 've purchased . The first pair was a short all weather boot . I love the side zipper and the wide sizing . The second pair is a pair of sandals , brick color is great . Comfy , good support .
 It is very difficult to find `` normal '' shoes when you have wide feet or foot problems . Propet offers styles for every foot .
 Bought my first pair a couple of years ago . Just bought two more pairs to take on a cruise . They are attractive have good support and are comfortable to walk in . the two velcro front straps were a great adjustment idea . My old ones still have a lot of wear left . Will use for yard work , etc. .
 Wife loves this product . She is disappointed that it is appearently unavailable in the Yellow color anymore .
 This is my favorite sandal . I highly recommend this product for everyday summer outings and vacations . Walking is a breeze in these Breeze Walkers .
 These are so comfy and are really walking shoes . I liked them so much I ordered a second pair . Shoes are difficult for me to buy as my feet are small and narrow but these fit .
 I have always been reluctant to buy shoes on-line but I decided to give it a try . Thanks to all of you wonderful Amazon customers who took the time to describe your experience and give your honest feedback ! I have a very high arch and instep and many shoes will not fit over my foot . Also , in some shoes I wear one size and in some another size . I took a chance and bought what is usually my `` regular size '' . They fit perfectly . With the adjustable straps , my instep problems are solved . But most of all , when I put them on the first time , my instant response was `` Ahhhhhhh '' - they are so very comfortable right out of the box . No `` breaking in '' at all . They have become by favorite summer shoes and while some sandals are only for casual wear , these are nice enough to wear anywhere . Delivery was on time as advertised and they even included easy return instructions and pre-paid return label . Fortunately , I did n't have to use it .
 I just purchased my 5th pair of Propet Breeze Walkers . I have some severe foot problems post botched bunion surgery , and these sandals are the only shoes that are comfortable all day long for me . The arch is very good and the adjustable straps allow you to adjust to meet your foot needs . Love them .
 I very much liked the shoe , but due to the fact that I have very narrow feet , it did n't fit . Great service ordering through Amazon .
 Like walking on air . They are well cushioned and adjustable width . I 'll buy these in other colors for sure . The ankle strap provides some support . I 've had a couple of ankle surgeries so I need really well padded soles and these provide the comfort I need .
 I was delighted to find these sandals very comfortable and at a great price . I have a hard foot to fit and they were perfect .
 I do n't have good luck with this brand . I bought Propet walking shoes that I had to return because they were too small . I like the looks of these sandals and I read the reviews that said they run large so I thought they might fit me . I ordered my usual size and they were too small . My toes were right at the end . I returned those and ordered the next size up . This time the length was just right but the shoes are wider ! Even with the velcro adjustment I ca n't get them comfortably snug . This is just me . They are nice sandals and I really wish they fit me . If Propet shoes fit you then you 'll like these sandals .
 I have spent several years looking for a practical walking , comfortable white sandal . A friend suggested to check Amazon and I am so happy I did . These sandals are comfortable and exactly what I wanted . The price was reasonable too !
 I purchased these shoes as a gift for my aunt in PA. . She said it is the most comfortable shoe she has ever worn . I will purchase another pair for her closer to spring but told her the red ones are year-round too . Next , I will purchase a pair for me . Many thanks . NJ
 I 'm greatly happy with these shoes I 've purchased here . right size good looking and comfort is so good . Thanks ; R. Pack
 The shoes are super cute , but it almost borders on the childish . The shoe looks a little wider in person than it does on the computer screen and the soles are a little thin . I usually wear size 6 , but I bought a size 5.5 and it fits perfectly with socks . Otherwise , I have received many compliments on my shoes and I enjoy wearing them with skirts and over jeans . Love these shoes !
 Boots are fine . Planned to actually use them for motorcycling , but the toes are too soft . Otherwise , cute for winter wear ...
 The second pair of boots that I have ordered online or could ever find in a store that is so light weight and true to fit . I only can wear light weight shoes and boots cause I have a bad foot and these boots are great . I love them . Would recommend them to everyone .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 Funny how some people did n't like these shoes . Me personaly , I love them and I 'm on the 3rd pair of the same shoes . They are a dressy enough for business but casual enough for a business dress look . They look good with suits or jeans . I will say that it takes a week or so to break in when they are new , but I 'd say that will about any new shoe .
 These shoes are wonderful . I bought these for my son , and he loves them . They are a very versatile shoe . My son wears them mainly for dress , but wears them occasionally with his khakis . He finds them to be comfortable and wearable . He expects these to last a long time . Bostonian is a very reputable brand , since these are Italian made there is a higher quality of workmanship into these shoes . Most shoes are made in India , China , Vietnam , or Taiwan . There is n't the quality there comparative to the Italians . Overall this shoe is a great shoe that is a great price .
 I just received this shoes today . Built in quality very high . In my opinion , this shoes worth over $ 100 . So the Amazon price is steal deal . Not to mention , this bostonian shoes is made in Italy and very comfortable to use . It is patent leather . For reviewer who think this shoes is clunky , maybe he did not get the right size . New shoes usually take some times to get comfortable with . Highly recommended !
 Pros : * Price - I got them -LRB- 5-10 years ago -RRB- on sale for $ 25 . * Style - At the time , the square toe look was `` in '' even though it 's gone out of style since.Cons : * Heavy - my shins would be a little sore after wearing them if I had n't in a while . * Uncomfortable - I usually only wore them for dressier occasions and they were fine but when I tried to wear them all day at work , my feet started hurting and I had to get insoles.Other : * Durable - they have held up fairly well over these years but then again I really only wore them on average maybe once a month . * Sizing - fine but they felt a little loose especially if wearing dress socks .
 Shiney and new , I have wore this for many years , and I love it , but the shoe pinches the toes when you kneel or squat with these shoes on . These shoes have served me for many years , 5 years matter in fact . The pinching that it does , I just used to it , although I worked as and IT guy , I bend , squat , and kneel a lot . In a professional matter , the shoe looks great and it has style , but not for function .
 I purchased these for my husband and they have held up well . Nice shoe !
 I purchased thise shoe for my husband . They are a great looking classy men 's shoe . They have a very rich looking waxy leather finish that is excellent for the professional man . He love 's them and I loved the price !!!
 I was apprehensive buying shoes without trying them on . I have owned serveal pairs of Bostonian Oxfords and know the comfort they bring after a long day of meetings . For the price these shoes are unbeatable . I could not give a 5 star rating due to the fact they have a weird `` new shoe '' smell .
 The shoes were received in a timely manner , even though they were not as comfy as expected them to be ; but overall they are very nice looking dress shoes to wear on special occasions ...
 Not bad ... took out of the box and started wearing right away . Comfortable , keeps the shine awhile .
 I normally wear size ten shoe but size was much to big for me . I sent it back and reordered a 9.5 . Good quality shoe and happy with it .
 i stand on my feet all day so these rubber soled shoes feel nice all day long . the shiny surface of the shoes also make clean-up a breeze.i got these for $ 30 shipped and would get more if i could .
 The quality was very good . The fit was exactly what I expected . The shoes needed no break-in and they were comfortable from the start . The shape was better than what I had before as they now fully accomodate my toes without squashing them together as was the case in the pointy shoes that I had .
 The shoes arrived quicky and are what we expected . The photos online were perfect .
 The shoe looks and feels great . Looks better than the picture . I would recommend this shoe to anyone who wants to dress professionally and still be comfortable .
 After five or so years I finally converted my husband over to Skecher 's . These are now the only shoes he will wear . He is able to wear jeans to work so he literally wears these all day long . The shoe is very sturdy and comfortable . The color works well as it masks the dust from the dirt parking lot at the workplace .
 Great Shoe . Fits perfect and is very comfortable.Best shoe for the price.And they have WIDE sizes . nineteen and twenty .
 The shoes are very comfortable and were well packaged and arrived on time . The price was reasonable and service is always great at Amozon.com .
 the shoes are very comfortable , and came a day earlier than expected.I am very satisfied and would recommend to anybody.thanks alot !
 These shoes are exactly what I have been looking for . They are very solid . The only issue keeping the rating from 5 stars is a small bit of the stitching coming loose at the toe . Otherwise they have been great .
 I had a pair of these for a number of years -LRB- I 'd say , at least 6 or 7 -RRB- , wearing them for all sorts of things
 These shoes run true to size and have magnificent support . The construction is sturdy and I hope to get a long life out of them . They look great and will probably get another pair in a different color . An extra pair of black laces came with the shoes and that changes the appearance completely . Nice touch . The shoes are relatively light and extremely comfortable . The toe box gives you plenty of room and do n't cramp your toes .
 Ca n't believe I never used AMAZON before for shoes . It worked out great . I do n't care about the feel . I 'm disabled so if they look good I 'm cool .
 I love the product too good I 'm very satisfied and I am grateful for having provided their services thank you very muchEscucharLeer fon&eacute;ticamente
 Energy Downforce Running Shoe is the best Skechers I 've purchased so far . Since discovering Skechers many years ago , this is a big endorsement . I especially like the full leather upper , very durable .
 I 'm standing on my feet for over 9 hours a day in these shoes , and I 've got to say , they wear as good today as the very first time I wore them probably a couple of years ago . They are so comfortable that the only time I do n't wear them is when I have to dress up!They are great with my uniform , great with jeans . Just about anywhere I have to go , they can take me ! I think I had to replace the shoestrings , but other than that , they still look great , and feel better than barefoot . They have perfect support for my feet -LRB- and having had a heelspur , that 's VERY important ! -RRB- I 'd have to say they are the best wearing pair of shoes I 've ever owned , and considering what I 've paid in the past for a pair of `` comfortable '' shoes , I could get 3 pairs of these for less and come out WAAAYY ahead ... lol .
 I have tried all the different brands of shoes out there and the Skecher Energy Downforce is the only shoe that will last for a 12 hour shift at my job without my arches killing me.I am on my 7th . or 8th . pair and will keep buying them till they are no longer available .
 These shoes are the bomb , I was stranded in Honolulu with my Sketchers on my feet and had to walk at least 5 miles to get to my destination . Man did those sneeks stand up to the pounding that I put them through . So soft and confee to walk in , man do I really like my shoes . These are the only gym/outdoor shoes I wiil ever wear on my feet.THX , Geno
 Out of the box and I walked all over Nicaragua in them . Great support and very comfortable . I love them .
 The only shoes my husband will wear ! It 's perfect for his feet . He 's 67 years young and has bad arches . He absolutely will wear nothing else !
 I am on my 4th pair of this same shoe . I find it durable and vey confortable.I use then as work shoes . I would recommend them to anyone .
 This is my husbands 4th pair of this same Skecher tennis shoe . His feet give him lots of problems and these shoes fit him with the comfort he needs . Now that they are no longer in our local store it was great to find them on Amazon for a better price and no shipping . You ca n't beat that .
 This shoe is well made , comfortable , and stays looking good . You can wear this shoe everyday if needed and it will last a long time and stay looking new . It goes with everything , so it 's perfect for your everyday shoe .
 es un buen producto , bien c&oacute;modo no me arrepiento de la compra , material muy bueno , me llego a tiempo , me vino en una caja con la que cab&iacute;a de una manera exacta .
 Shoes arrived very promptly and were exactly what was ordered . Will definitely place additional orders . Thanks .
 Very good product ! Delivery on time . Will buy Skechers shoes again.ThnaksSG
 I 've owned many pairs of Skechers over the years . As usual , these are true to size and very comfortable . I 've always found Skechers to be a great value for durability , price and comfort .
 I like them . I do n't like them as much as my nuovo skechers , but I do like the black . There 's lots of good skechers out there .
 My husband loves the thick soles , comfort & durability Skechers trail shoes offer for everyday wear including 8 hours / day working on a medical helicopter atop a hospital parking garage . These are great for climbing ladders , walking on concrete & asphalt ground , as well as exposure to water . He 's hard on his shoes so these last approximately 6 months which is better than other brands he 's tried .
 I also bought these for my husband and he LOVES them . The color is beautiful and they just look so rich looking on him . . To look at them you 'd think I spent over $ 200 for them but they were no where near that . His ankle has a broken bar in it so I have to really search for something he can wear and be comfortable . He walks great with these and says they 're really comfortable . Once again , the color is the best . His favorite is fall colors and he got it with these . Now I 'm looking for a pair or two for me . My turn , especially now that I know how well made they are . They came really fast too . Thanks Amazon , you made two people very happy .
 Im not really going to review the shoe , this is my third pair in a row and I still have the first two which I use for yard work . Being my third pair I checked the local pails royal where I had bought them in the past and they did n't carry this style anymore . I buy hundreds of things online , but this was my first clothing type purchase . I was pleased with the two day shipping and the packing . To my surprise , these are the first pair of shoes I have ever bought that already came with both of them completely laced up and ready to put on . They were warm from sitting in the hot UPS truck all day . The size fit perfect and they feel great ! 5 stars .
 I love sketchers . The problem was that I fell in love with the older line when navy was the color of choice and they seemed to last forever . I recently attempted the Sparta brand and they were destroyed inside of 3 weeks of hard walking and working ... it 's like they just gave up . -LRB- Had to take them behind the house and put them down ... Old Yeller ' style . -RRB- These on the other hand are much more durable and vastly more comfortable and supporting . I was leery at my color options but in the end very happy with the grey ones that I selected . -LRB- they look much better in person than on the picture -RRB- The insides are like a pillow hugging you 're feet with just enough support to keep you from falling out of them . The arch in the center of the shoe is higher and it goes along way to actually assisting the way you set your foot down step to step . Just a great product all around . Very very pleased .
 I bought a brown pair , then had to get this black pair . I 'm a girl with wide feet -LRB- no , I 'm not 300 lbs . -RRB- , but I can hardly find walking/running shoes that fit right . I wear an 8Wide in Women 's , but a 7M in Men 's . They 're comfortable with lots of cushion on the bottom . Worth every penny , but I 'd also add some waterproofing spray to make them last a bit longer . I also like that they make me an inch taller , so I can reach the ground better with my scooter . Worth the money , folks , and a good deal for what you get .
 Did n't buy these on Amazon , but being a devout reader and writer of customer product reviews on Amazon , and liking these shoes I thought I 'd add my two cents . Although made in China , these shoes are very firmly , and well constructed . They provide comfortable support and wear well . Not surprised to read that people have worn them for several years , but I generally look for shoes < $ 50 and am used to buying new shoes every 6 months or so . So I 'm now on my 2nd pair , but only because my first pair has gotten dirty with everyday use , and will now be my weekend/chores shoes . I wear size 11 and larger shoes often look `` dorky '' . I think these -LRB- in brown -RRB- look good enough to wear with dockers at work . Very satisfied with them .
 These shoes fit perfectly -LRB- 14EEE -RRB- right out of the box . They look and feel great . If anyone asks me , I 'll definetly recommend them to buy a pair of these . I 'll buy another pair when these wear out .
 Shipping was faster than I thought and the price was cheaper than the sketchers outlet store so it was just an overall great buy
 Great shoe for anyone on there feet all day . Really Really Really Comfertable and great on slippery floors . Love them
 Excellent product . 100 % recommend forgive me for spelling errors and I write through an online translator :-RRB- FELIZ 2013 ; -RRB-
 My entire family finds the Skecher 's comfortable and well made . My only mark about this pair was that &#34; pebble &#34; color is more green that brown as shown in the picture .
 I am always hesitant to buy things like this online , but I 'm glad I decided to buy these shoes . I received them quickly , and they are very comfortable !
 My husband has one pair of these and just loves them . We ordered this second pair just to have on hand when the others wear out . ; -RRB-
 hard to find but when you find them they are so cool
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 My husband was very excited to open these Christmas morning . He 's an avid volleyball player and goes through shoes fairly quickly . Mizuno 's are his favorite brand by far .
 The shoes came in the timeframe that Amazon told me they would . They came in great condition and the whole process was very easy . They are extremely light and easy to move in ; two very key factors in the purchase of volleyball shoes .
 These boots work very well for me , I needed a wide boot for my feet.In the most recent snowstorms and afterward my feet were warm and dry in these boots.Good boots for the money .
 Boots were delivered promptly . I wear 4E width , and they fit just great . I 'd do business with these folks again .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 While these are not Made in the USA like other Danners , -LRB- from what I can tell , all molded sole boots are not US made -RRB- they are the best mid-priced boot I have ever bought . They are made on a wide last -LRB- the 850 according to Danner 's web site -RRB- and a D fit my very wide foot but was a little narrow . Not narrow enough to stop me from buying them however . I wore them in non-hiking boot condition , like in concrete pours and industrial construction . They lasted two Oregon winters where they were constantly wet but kept my feet dry . They would spend each night by the heater and then wore again the next day . They lasted 1.5 to 2 years under these conditions . I 've bought construction type work boots that lasted half-that time but cost almost as much and others that cost more . As far as the color , they are not bright orange like suggested by others but they are not brown . A little leather conditioner changed them to brown however.Great boot ... and very comfortable.UPDATE
 I nearly destroyed my second pair of these shoes only to find that they have been discontinued by Clarks . I have tried on COUNTLESS pairs of shoes by Clarks and many other brands but nothing compares to this pair of Cornells . Seriously , they were my perfect shoe . Casual yet slightly dressed . Ankle boot but not to high and with a VERY comfortable upper . Extremely easy to and quick to lace . They were my go anywhere shoe , and now they LOOK like it . If anyone knows of a pair of 9.5 M hiding anywhere let me know ! Awesome shoe . Miss it .
 These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool !!!!!!!! They are so comfortable ! They are also very fashionable . They match with anything . I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion !
 These shoes are the right mix of fun and functional . They are super comfortable , give a little height -LRB- if you care about that sort of thing -RRB- , and come in lots of cool color combinations . I own 2 pairs and am about to buy my third pair . :-RRB- I would n't run in these , but they 're definitely a great everyday sneaker .
 I got these to match an outfit that I was planning to wear on a trip . I was worried they 'd need some breaking in to make sure they 'd be comfortable since I was going to be doing a lot of walking . They were a perfect fit from day one and they did n't give me blisters after a full day on my feet . A good buy .
 I got a pair of these sneakers for Christmas and loved them so much I ordered another pair in another color . They fit well and are very comfortable . I love all the fun colors .
 I have 4 pair of these in various colors.They do not have a &#34; breaking in &#34; period . Very comfortable right from the start .
 I loved the colors , they 're just so pretty . The sneaker was true to size which was great , and of course the price did n't hurt either . Would love to try other colors in the future .
 I love Saucony shoes . These shoes are super comfortable and I wear them all the time . They are stylish , come in different colors and I have received many compliments on them . Definitely worth purchasing .
 I love this brand and style , in fact , I have 4 pairs of this `` jazz '' style which I have bought over the past 10 years . I love how the style is still available to buy new ones when my old ones start to look worn .
 I was a jogger for many years and my favorite running shoe was Saucony Shadow . After 18 years of no running I bought a treadmill and started again . I was so happy to see that Saucony still had the ShadowSaucony Originals Women 's Shadow 6000 Sneaker , but since I did n't care for the color choices , I bought the Jazz Low Pro instead , and I 'm very happy with my choice . They fit so well right away and did not need any breaking in .
 The product itself is absolutely amazing . The shoe is true to size and extremely comfortable . It 's a great all purpose shoe .
 These are great shoes . very comfartable . the sole is a little lower to the ground then i like , making my jeans drag the ground . but i have received lots of good comments on them .
 Saucony never fails to deliver an amazing fitted shoe that has a great look and durability . The Low Pro is my favorite shoe that I own and works well for every daywear in any attire . Extremely comfortable and stylish .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable . I really like them for working out because my feet do n't get too hot and sweaty in them .
 I love how amazon has things so much cheaper than other places . These shoes are a great buy . They run true to size . I got the dark grey/blue pair . I am considering getting another color .
 This sneaker is really cute but also incredibly comfortable . I 've actually gone jogging in them . The sole molds to my foot and is supportive . I 've gotten lots of compliments on them too . I 'd recommend them !
 Awesome shoes . Super comfy . Lots of fun colors . The green/black came with 2 sets of shoe laces -LRB- white & black -RRB- to choose from , which was a really nice touch . Get lots of comments from people about them and asking where I got them .
 The Saucony jazz low pro sneakers are very comfortable with a classic style . The army green is a nice color , that is neither too bright nor too muddy . The sneakers come with both black and white laces so you can choose which you prefer . ON the more casual side , style-wise . Good for long walks around town .
 The sneakers are lightweight , comfortable , and have relatively good cushioning -LRB- compared with other non-athletic sneakers
 I am very pleased with my sneaker purchase . I was looking for a comfy , stylish shoe at a reasonable price that I could use for outdoor activities like picnicking and camping in addition to just wearing around town ; this shoe certainly fits the bill ! I love the simple , retro look too . I am considering purchasing another pair . I would definitely recommend this shoe . In fact , my boyfriend really likes them and is considering purchasing the men 's version .
 product was purchased for a relative who had worn this brand before . it fit perfectly , and she loved the color .
 I bought these sneakers in three different colors and they are so comfortable . i am a flip flop girl but in the winter I have to wear shoes and I wore these a ton . The soles are so soft you feel like you are walking on something really soft and it makes your feet happy !!
 I love these shoes ! They are very comfortable and they look great . I have n't been this happy about a shoe purchase in a while . I am thinking about getting another pair in a different color . I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a pair of non-athletic sneakers .
 I have a few pairs of Saucony Jazz sneakers . These are the low pro model . They are well made and comfortable , just not as comfortable as their original model ... The heel being thicker on those . If you are looking for a VERY cushy shoe go with the originals . These look great with jeans and are quite uncommon.The colors are bright and the shoe light weight.I got a great price so if your not in a hurry keep checking AMAZON to see if the price lowers !
 And this shoe does not disappoint . The color is very vibrant and beautiful ! I love them for their comfort and style .
 They are so comfortable to walk in . My feet/legs never bother me when I wear them . In fact , they are like wearing slippers . There is no other sneakers I will purchase since I have discovered them . I now own 3 pair and my husband has a pair he really likes .
 I love these sneakers ! They are very cool and comfortable . I do n't know if people care about this but everyone tells me that my feet look small in them -LRB- I wear a size 9 -RRB- . Not sure if my feet look enormous most of the time . : -RRB-
 I have a pair of these in red and I love them so much I ordered another pair . They are the most comfortable sneaker I 've ever owned , very pleased !
 These shoes are so comfortable . You get support plus comfort . I have already bought another pair . They fit true to size .
 Love the design , and the fit is perfection . Most of all
 Saucony shoes are my absolute favorite brand on the planet , hands-down ! I had only tried the Jazz Low Pro AC previously , which has more mesh and is a little cooler for summer -LRB- AC = Air Conditioning . . ? -RRB- , as well as the Courageous -- both of which I wore into the ground.I am very tall and did n't want the huge heel on the regular Jazz , so I went with these , and could not be happier . They make size 12 in women 's , the color is phenomenal , and they fit straight out of the package . They * could * have a little bit more arch support though , and my feet are pretty flat . Nothing a pair of inserts could n't fix ... beyond that , you just ca n't beat these shoes ! I will definitely buy more in other colors ! And Amazon 's shipping was lightning fast , as usual .
 Ordered this shoe as a gift for my sister ... she loves it . Says its comfortable and goes with anything . Definitely recommend this shoe to those who want just an everyday type shoe : -RRB-
 I have long , wide feet and these are the most comfortable sneakers I own . They are great for any activity requiring movement . I think they are even low-key enough to wear to work on the sly ...
 Love the look , very comfortable with good support , the only tennis shoes can wear without making my feet hurt . Would recommend them for everyday wear .
 These shoes are fantastic . Very comfortable and light weight . I do agree with other reviewers that these are not work out shoes but they look and feel great on .
 This is my 4th pair of Saucony Jazz shoes ! These are very comfortable and the amazon price was the best .
 These shoes were a great price and came quickly . I bought them as my tennies for traveling . I 'm finding that they do not offer quite the support I need so I 've added some insole assistance . I 'm doing a ton of walking . My feet and back are pretty finicky though . I probably would have found the Jazz non-Low Pro more comfy , but I went for the Low Pro thinking they would feel the same . My guess is most folks would not have the need of support that I do , but if your feet and back need a little TLC these may not be the shoes for you .
 I bought these shoes before traveling to Europe . We did a TON of walking and I was comfortable the whole time . I would definitely recommned these shoes .
 Man , these shoes are so super cute , I can hardly stand it ! Fit true to size , very comfortable and great for everyday use.I do not agree that they are a true athletic shoe . They are not a replacement for a true exercise sneaker . BUT , they are great for nearly everything else and adorable !
 I 've been wanting these forever but they are so expensive in certain colors . I finally found the pink on sale ! I absolutely love them ! I usually wear an 8.5 in most athletic shoes but I ordered these in an 8 and the fit is great . I also have a slightly wide foot and I was worried about the width but fear not , they are fine.I recommend these for anyone looking for a comfy casual shoe . I am a happy camper !
 Shoes are comfortable , though not as comfortable as the Jazz mesh I had previously.They look nice -- I like the understated color combination of black , grey and a little stripe of red . Good communication by seller . Shiiped quickly enough.No complaints at all .
 These sneakers are cute and will do just fine for everyday use . I would n't even consider doing a serious run in them but that 's not why I bought them . The color is a real burgundy and slightly intense . I love the fact that they came with 2 colors of shoelaces . Overall a cute classic style for a sweats and sneakers kind of day .
 I do n't think the Saucony Jazz are quite squishy enough to be running shoes , but I 'm giving them five stars as walkers . I do n't have a car , so I do a LOT of walking around town , and all over campus , and these work out great for that.My feet are a little bit wider than average , and the Sauconys give me plenty of room . There 's even enough space for me to add a bit of an arch support - my instep is really high , so I do that with most of my shoes , and with the Saucony Jazz -LRB- both the Low Pro and the Original -RRB- , the addition of the support does n't mess up the fit of the shoe , the way it does with some others . This makes me very happy!They 're comfy right out of the box , they wear well , they come in lots of nifty colors , and they 're good to go whether I 'm on the sidewalk , the beach , or an easier hiking trail - I would n't substitute them for serious hikers of course , but they 've got wicked good tread . I 've got two pair of the Low Pro , and three pair of the Original -LRB- slightly thicker sole -RRB- , and so far I 've never been disappointed .
 hands down , the best sneaker out there for low-impact activity . super-lightweight , durable and comfortable . i have them in nearly every color and wear them every day to the gym for circuit training and spin class and also post-gym to run my errands and whatnot . highly recommend .
 These are great everyday shoes for kicking around in . Great with jeans but I would not consider these to be running shoes -LRB- which is fine by me -RRB- . I had a pair of the regular jazz -LRB- not low pro -RRB- and loved them for years until they finally wore out . Overall a great , very comfortable and well made shoe .
 I 've always been a huge fan of Saucony 's ! They are great fashonable shoes , that come in every color so they can be easily paired with your favorite jeans and tshirt , or skirt and tank top and beyond . They are great for walking and jogging . I 'm not much of a runner , but I 'd imagine they 'd be great for that too !! I can walk miles and have no pain or blisters !! Great support !! Great Product !!
 Very comfortable , stylish shoe . It has great cushioning for walking in the woods too . It 's the perfect shoe for short hikes and everyday wear .
 I have been wearing these for years . Varying colors . They are the most wonderful shoes for running/walking , living casual time in.Love them !
 These sneakers are a great product . The picture showed purple , but it is more of a reddish wine color , like it said , but did n't really look on my computer screen -LRB- computer screens vary i guess -RRB- . It also came with both wine colored laces AND gray laces ! I am super excited to interchange those.Overall was in good shape and very comfy . It does n't have as much sole as i remembered so the white area is a little slender , making it flatter than most sneakers.These sneakers make me even old skool hipper !
 Love these moccasins ! They are so comfortable , but I have very narrow feet and had to pull the drawstring a bit tighter to keep them on my feet .
 This is my second pair of Minnetonka mocs ... as a grown-up , that is . I used to wear them when I was a hippy kid , and now I 'm so happy when I 'm running around in my new blue suede mocs w / thunderbird!Ya got ta have the thunderbird . You just do . It 's so `` Back-to-the-future '' kitsch!I have the deerskin mocs w / a sole and I just bought the blue suede with no sole and it 's always a tough decision which pair I 'd prefer to slip on first thing in the morning . I think the blue suede are more sturdy for running around outside than my deerskins , so that 's how I play it.Get 'em ! Enjoy !
 These came in good condition and are the exact color the picture indicated . They are soft and have a great cushion in the sole .
 I have one paralyzed leg so need something with a soft sole and without a rubber sole . I have bought these before and they have held up for many years . Unfortunately they do n't make my favorite color , blue . I would recommend this brand to anyone who wants a moccasin that is comfortable and well made .
 I loved the shoes but had to return them . I meant to get their Moccasins with a hard sole . I 'm handicap and drag my left foot a lot . So I would of had them ruined right away . I did now ordered the ones with a sole . And I do love them . TY !
 This is the second pair of moccasins I have had from Minnetonka . They wear well , are comfortable and easy to clean .
 Recently got these . I 've been wearing the soft-sole -LRB- and hard-sole -RRB- version of these mocs for a LONG time , and needed a new pair - was not surprised to find that the sizing was different than the older mocs I own -LRB- they 've gotten shorter in length and narrower over the years in almost all of their models -RRB- , so I ordered up a size . I * was * surprised to find that these are n't really soft-sole anymore - the older models had the sole leather , with the foam insole on top . The new ones still have the leather outer and foam insole , but there seems to be a stiff layer in between now . Not sure if it 's plastic or a stiff leather insole , but they do n't have that wonderful dreamy feel like the old ones . May experiment with ripping out the insole if they do n't soften with breaking in time .
 Very pleased with tem , easy waling , fits perfectly and also very easy and nice to dance in , My one word would be
 I love that Minnetonka has stayed true to itself . These mocs are just as they have always been ... perfect ! I bought them for &#34; grounding &#34; . I wear them to walk my dog and being out in the yard . So , comfy . Thinking about getting another pair in a different color .
 This shoe arrived in a little longer than expected time . But they were worth waiting for . Very comfortable show and preety to look at .
 I bought a pair of these soft-sole moccasins in black about 8 years ago , before I knew it was trendy . I just thought they looked comfortable haha . I personally love the soft-sole feel ... I prettymuch wear these or my rainbow flip flops every day when I 'm walking around my college 's campus . They 've held up incredibly well , especially considering how rough I am on them.Good to know I can buy a pair on amazon if I ever need to replace them -LRB- even though mine are still holding up very well -RRB- . For the quality you 're getting , these are an amazing price .
 i originally bought them for a friend . and to be honest , online , the shoes did n't look all that great , but when it came , it looked pretty darn cute . and then at school , i saw like 5 other people wearing them too . the price is alright , pretty much the same as the other moccasins . all in all , i think they 're pretty cute .
 The moccasins seemed high priced but were well worth the extra money . They arrived on time . The feel of the moccasins is magnificent and the color was as displayed . The size was true to my shoe size . They are the nicest and most comfortable moccasins that I have ever worn.I would definitely buy another pair in the future . I wear them whenever possible and when my feet need a break ! I hope that anyone who buys them will enjoy them as much as I have .
 These moccasins from Minnetonka Thunderbird are well-made and beautiful . Just want to point out that they have no soles and are intended for indoor use .
 I have bought and worn Minnetonka Moccasins for many years . The smooth leather moccasins are comfortable and never go out of style . I can wear these moccasins with any of my sport clothes . These moccasins are a `` Classic '' . I order my regular shoe size but I have ordered them 1/2 size larger if my size was not available and had no problem with the larger size .
 I have been wearing Minnetonka 's for years . They make the very best house slippers or kicking around town shoes ... Highly recommend .
 really nice mocassins and very comfy . I love wearing them they are so soft on the feet and they do n't bind in any way . I would definently buy from them again . The price is very good because they are made very well they are worth the money you pay for them so I would rate the A + + + + + + + . -LRB- VERY NICE !!!! -RRB-
 I bought these for my daughter and they are so soft and comfy we all keep `` borrowing them '' . Looks like we will have to buy a few more pairs .
 Great fit . Good shoes for knocking around the house . Warm . Came on time and in perfect condition .
 Arrived on time and as expected . They are super comfortable . The only minor complaint I have right now is that they leave a black residue on my feet but I 'm sure that will go away in time .
 I read the other reviews before purchasing this moccasin -LRB- although I 've had a couple of other pairs - different styles , but same quality , in the past and loved them -RRB- . Because of the other reviews , I ordered a half size smaller than I normally wear and they fit perfectly . They are well made with quality leather , a very nice design and they are very comfortable . I just needed a little padding since we have wood floors so these are perfect .
 The quality of these shoes is impeccable . When my daughter asked me to get her some moccasins I expected all I would find was cheaply made shoes that would not last long . I ordered these shoes because the design looked authentic Native American . When the shoes arrived I was surprised how well made they , especially for the price . They look exactly like you would imagine real moccasins to look like . This is a great buy for people that appreciate value and quality .
 I ; ve used that soft-soled Minnetonka mocassins as my slipper of choice for many years . Glad to find them on Amazon . They are very comfy and I can also put a sock on with them if I choose . I have several in different colors .
 These shoes are exactly what I was looking for . They are very comfortable when wearing around the house . Color is perfect .
 got them as a gift from my husband for my birthday . They are so comfy and the bottoms wipe off really easily . Great to wear around the house as slippers and so stylish ! Fit is very true to size also . -LRB- do n't run small or large -RRB- .
 I am a beginner cross dresser where I live and I usually wear like either a red blouse and a blue jean skirt down to my knees with these shoes or a pink blouse these shoes make my shaved legs and my feet look very pretty I also have the white smooth leather moccasins too . I recommend these to men as well as women I love wearing these bare footed all the time . If only there were pink smooth leather ones also or red smooth leather ones as well.Walt NE San Antonio , Texas
 You ca n't beat the quality of Minnetonka moccasins ! They are comfortable and last forever , the wife loves these moccasins , thanks !
 My mother asked for a moccasin with a leather sole . I searched many websites and found many different styles of moccasins with a range of colors and prices . These are perfect ! Size , color , style , price and quality . My mom is very happy with them . She says she will be wearing them at all of the &#34; Pow-Wow 's &#34; she plans to attend .
 The moccasins were as advertised . They are very soft and just the thing for wearing in the house .
 I have never tried these moccasins before , and I need to rave about them for a moment . They are very comfortable , and beautiful to look at ! They conform well to your feet , and the suede is very sturdy . About the sizing , I was very scared to order a size too small . I went with an 8 , and I am usually an 8.5 or 9 in womens . The 8 is a perfect fit , with about a quarter inch to spare . Although this is the first time I have ordered them , it is definitely not the last !
 I got a pair in white and tan , and theyre both too small for me !! theyre adorable and look soo comfy , but they dont fit ! I usually wear an 8.5 in womens so i got both of these in a 6.5 in mens . . and i cant even get my foot into them ! Im going to exchange them for a 7.5 ... hopefully thatll work !
 I 've been wearing Minnetonkas for years and I must rave about them ! I absolutely love them . They are unbelievably comfortable and oh so pretty . I have several styles , both soft soles and hard soles , in assorted colors , beaded and not , -LRB- 5 pairs at the present -RRB- and my beaded Thunderbird soft sole moccasins are my very favorite . I live in Florida and all my floors are ceramic tile which can be hard on the feet . So my soft soled Thunderbirds make the perfect house slippers , year round , providing my arthritic feet with a nice cushion . The soft soles are so comfortable I forget I 'm wearing them and often find that I have wandered outdoors or out about town on errands still wearing my favorite house slippers ! But that 's no problem ~ the soft soled Minnetonkas hold up well , even outside in my garden!Minnetonkas are really highest quality and over the years I 've never seen the quality lag . They are consistently well made and seem to last forever . As a matter of fact , I 'm still wearing a pair I purchased at an Indian trading post in New Mexico 10 years ago and there are still many miles left in these babies.Sizing is consistent and true as well . I am a size 7 medium to narrow in most shoes and Minnetonka 7 medium is a perfect fit in all styles.Pricing too is quite reasonable for such fine quality . Amazon and third party seller Shoebuy seem to have the best prices plus free shipping.If you have never tried Minnetonkas ... do ! I 'm sure you will love them as much as I.
 I bought these moccasins because my friend recommended them , and they are amazing ! It is like walking barefoot with the protection of a shoe !! I go everywhere in these mocc 's and the suede really holds out well . I love the soft sole , and the cushion does n't seem to wear out at all !! Definitely a must-have shoe !!
 This product is pretty comfortable and was the appropriate size . The package came at the estimated time and I give props for having it in its original shoe box and being well protected in its shipping box as well . I am satisfied with my order but some guidelines should be mentioned when considering to buy the soft sole moccasins . First off consider if whether or not you 're going to use these shoes as walking outside or lounging around the house . I 'd prefer not going out of the house with these because they are very soft and feel like walking barefoot . Also one should be careful with potentially rubbing again the material too much . It 's showing signs of wear after some time when your feet are constantly rubbing against furniture and other hard places . Overall I love this product because of how soft and so cute and comfortable they are .
 I absolutely love the Smooth Soft sole Minnetonka Moccasins . I prefer the smooth over the Suede because I wear them all year long . I only wish they would make more colors in the Soft Sole shoe . I do not limit them to indoors , they make the perfect shoe to slip on for the market , a cookout , shopping and just about everywhere with dress up or dress down . I have several pair , my oldest are 10 years old and have seen many miles . That is why I am on the site today , I need to replace them for summer . The others are the suede and too warm for summer , that is why I wish they would make colors other than natural and white in soft sole smooth . If you buy these you will be pleased , if you like the comfort of walking barefoot with a bit of support ! Also , follow your own beat-just because they are n't in America 's must haves for summer does n't mean they wo n't liven up any outfit ! They are true to size , although soon you will find they feel custom made as they will mold to your foot :-RRB- . Enjoy !
 Try them on in a store if you can -LRB- that 's why I rated one star less -RRB- . I ordered these in 8.5 -LRB- since that is my approximate size -RRB- and they were a little big . I returned them intending to get a size 8 -- good thing I found them in a nearby store because I actually needed a 7.5 -LRB- funny , I could possibly go for a 7 but I do n't want to risk it -RRB- . I absolutely love them , they 're so comfy ! I have n't worn them long enough to judge how the soft sole will hold up but I 'm glad if I ever need to replace them I know my size and can order them right here .
 My daughter loves your soft sole moccasins ! They are comfortable , and easy to slip on and off . Great moccasins , great price !
 I love these moccasins , I wanted an inexpensive minimalist shoe with no support so I could strengthen by feet -LRB- I enjoy barefoot running -RRB- . These are great , they only have a thin flexible padding in the inside . I also modified them a bit and took off the beads and the fringe so they look like normal plain shoes . I wear them all the time to work , outside , I even have gone running in them if it 's too cold to run barefoot outside . I 've gotten them wet outside and they dry out really well and hold their shape great . I do n't have anything negative to say about them .
 Used to wear these years ago and just got out of the habit , am so glad to find them again and I know I will be ordering them again .
 Love these mocs . They are very comfortable , though still a little tight on my wide feet . Getting more comfy every day . The best I 've worn in a long time . I recommend them , especially for people with wide feet .
 I love these moccasins ! I do n't know what rock I 've been living under or why I have n't heard of these before . These are soo cute & you can even wear them outside . I know I have and they 've been holding up pretty well ! I 've only had them for about 2-3 months now so they are still fairly new . I love them . I wear them everywhere ! I normally wear a size 8 but a size 8 was n't available in these when I was ordering they only had a 7.5 and so I got the 7.5 's and I 'm glad I did the 7.5 ' 3 are perfect and they actually stretched a little so I 'm glad I got the smaller size ! -LRB- =
 I love my Minnetonkas . Only one minor complaint . The first time I wore them black dye came off on my feet . It looked like I had n't washed my feet in weeks and it was pretty funny . I still gave them 5 stars because it only happened that one time . They are very comfortable and I love them . Ca n't walk on gravel but then I did n't expect to be able to do this because I wanted the moccasins with no rubber sole . They 're still as good at they were 35 years ago .
 Oh , my gosh ! These shoes are so comfortable ! It can be scary ordering shoes online , especially a shoe you 've never worn . As soon as I put them on , I was so relieved ! They are amazing . They are true to size and just so comfortable . I am not easy to please when it comes to shoes ; my feet hurt in almost all shoes . I like to line dance , and line dancers wear shoes with suede soles , so I really ordered these to dance in , but I 'm not taking them off now . I 'll have to order more pairs so I can wear them every day and for dancing . And a neat surprise for a 67-year-old grandmother ; after I ordered mine , I found out that my teenage granddaughter has a pair too , so I guess these shoes are kind of cool !
 These shoes are the most comfortable shoe I own ! I love them ! I wish the snow would melt so I can wear them outside .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever . I have three pair and I wear them all the time . They do n't a rubber sole , so they are n't the best for when it rains , but they dry out relatively quickly if you do wear them outside . They are the closest thing I 've found to being barefoot whilst still wearing footwear . The only issue I 've ever had with them is that on my oldest pair , which are the natural color suede ankle boots , one of the chevrons of beads came loose and I had to restring and resew them . However , if you do n't mind if a couple of beads fall off after a couple of years , then it would n't be a big deal in the first place . If you do n't want to get shoes without rubber soles , this company also makes moccasins with soles , and I recommend this company over most other brands . I have three pairs of moccasins from a competitor of Minnetonka , and all three have had issues from the stitching coming loose in the toe , the leather being cheap , and the bow/tassels breaking off after two weeks . I 've never had any of these issues with Minnetonka 's shoes .
 I originally bought a pair of soft soles for around the house . They are super comfy and stylish . Ended up getting another pair !! Great quality . Fast shipping too !
 I love these , they 're absolutely gorgeous , and the bird design on the front makes the shoe . They 're really comfortable , and fit true to size . I usually have narrow feet , and so I ca n't wear flats like these easily without them coming off every time I take a step , but these fit wonderfully . The bow tie on the front lets you adjust the width , so they actually fit my feet , which is amazing . The only thing to be careful about is that these ones are SOFT soles , which I completely missed when ordering . They do n't have anything on the bottom but suede and padding , and so I 'd be really concerned about wearing them outside . They 're going to make excellent slippers , though , and I love them so much that I 'm going to buy the same ones with hard-soles .
 I LOVE my Moccasins ! They are so Cute and Comfortable , i want to buy another pair in blue = -RSB- The only thing is that i am unsure as to whether these are for indoor or outdoor use , because it does n't have a floor sole .
 they run a little smaller , I should have ordered size 7 instead of 6.5 . Maybe next time they should post that they run small , no regular size . Besides that , they are great .
 Over the past several years we have purchased several pairs of minnetonka slippers . They are always of superior quality and eminently wearable .
 The design is very beautiful , as well as the bird . Very happy with it & it shipped right away . Highly recommended product to purchase .
 I like this shoe and use it as my housework shoe . However , the interior padding is just a very thin piece of not very good foam so I will want to get inserts . Right now they fit fine ... hope they still fit well with inserts . They are very cute and the service was great .
 I bought these shoes because they were super cute ! When I got them I was sad to see they were soft soles because I was dumb and did n't read the title correctly . I decided however to bypass the whole returning thing and wear them outside the house anyway -LRB- what a rebel ! -RRB- . And here I am a year later and could not be happier ! They have lasted me without even the hint of a hole which I have yet to be so lucky with any other shoe I have owned ! These are possibly some of the best shoes ever ! If you are even slightly considering buying them just do it !
 My daughter `` stole '' my pair of these - took them to college with her and left me without . So when she finally wore a hole in the sole I knew a perfect Christmas gift . the stores only sell the ones with the rubber soles , so I had to find these online . they arrived in good condition on time . Thanks !!!
 The shoes came in ONE day and I was eligible for the two day shipping . I believe it came so fast because I live close to the distributor . The shoes feels like I 'm walking on soft fleece and they 're extremely comfortable . I 'm in love . :-RRB- will be ordering more in the future .
 The product arrived on time and in excellent condition . No complaints or concerns . The leather is a little tight at first but it stretches with time . The size is true .
 I love these moccasins for house slippers , but I always forget about the sizing . These mocs run narrow and long for the size . I could have used a shorter , wider moc rather than the ones I got . Will use these for the winter , to wear with socks , so they wo n't go to waste . Also , it helps to add a pair of those cut to order sole supports inside the moc , since these are just not made for foot support , but rather for comfort.New info
 Love the fact that they still produce the same soft sole moccasin that i wore many moons ago ... I love the real deal moccaasin and this is the real deal . They do run a little small , you may want to order a size up .
 I own these in about 4 colors and I wear them with absolutely everything.Jeans , dresses , shorts ect.I buy the soft soled ones because I find them more comfortable than the soled ones.I brought a pair when I visited Israel last year on vacation and wore them all over Tel Aviv and Jerusalemand they hold up amazingly despite how much I put them through.I 've even washed them in my machine a few times . It should be noted that I do have very flat feetso the fact that they have no arch support is very comfortable to me , when it may not be for you.Either way , they make cool house shoes , or a nice alternative to flip flops.Can ' t get enough of 'em and I always get compliments on them .
 I love these Minnetonka Moccasins . I have them in white , black , brown , and grey . They are the MOST COMFORTABLE shoes I own . They look cute with shorts , casual maxi dresses , or even casual shorter dresses . I wear mine with just about everything . They do run a bit big , so maybe order a half size down .
 I really like the shoes , as I have been wearing this brand for 40 years -LRB- same shoes -RRB- BUT !!! these are mismatched . One is wider than the other . I quess they were mismatched when they were made ??? Only problem.Arrived in short time .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 THESE ARE THE BEST BOOTS EVER ... BUY THIS PRODUCT , I AM GOING TO GET ANOTHER PAIR , THIS TIME IN BROWN ... EXCELLENT FIT , GOES WITH ANYTHING YOU WANT , AND THEY ARE 100 PCT . AMERICAN MADE ... THESE BOOTS ARE MADE WITH HEART AND CARE ... YOU CA N'T GO WRONG ... STYLE , COMFORT , DURABILITY ... ALL WORTH IN THE PRICE ...
 I have always been reluctant to buy shoes on-line but I decided to give it a try . Thanks to all of you wonderful Amazon customers who took the time to describe your experience and give your honest feedback ! I have a very high arch and instep and many shoes will not fit over my foot . Also , in some shoes I wear one size and in some another size . I took a chance and bought what is usually my `` regular size '' . They fit perfectly . With the adjustable straps , my instep problems are solved . But most of all , when I put them on the first time , my instant response was `` Ahhhhhhh '' - they are so very comfortable right out of the box . No `` breaking in '' at all . They have become by favorite summer shoes and while some sandals are only for casual wear , these are nice enough to wear anywhere . Delivery was on time as advertised and they even included easy return instructions and pre-paid return label . Fortunately , I did n't have to use it .
 I just purchased my 5th pair of Propet Breeze Walkers . I have some severe foot problems post botched bunion surgery , and these sandals are the only shoes that are comfortable all day long for me . The arch is very good and the adjustable straps allow you to adjust to meet your foot needs . Love them .
 I very much liked the shoe , but due to the fact that I have very narrow feet , it did n't fit . Great service ordering through Amazon .
 Like walking on air . They are well cushioned and adjustable width . I 'll buy these in other colors for sure . The ankle strap provides some support . I 've had a couple of ankle surgeries so I need really well padded soles and these provide the comfort I need .
 I was delighted to find these sandals very comfortable and at a great price . I have a hard foot to fit and they were perfect .
 I do n't have good luck with this brand . I bought Propet walking shoes that I had to return because they were too small . I like the looks of these sandals and I read the reviews that said they run large so I thought they might fit me . I ordered my usual size and they were too small . My toes were right at the end . I returned those and ordered the next size up . This time the length was just right but the shoes are wider ! Even with the velcro adjustment I ca n't get them comfortably snug . This is just me . They are nice sandals and I really wish they fit me . If Propet shoes fit you then you 'll like these sandals .
 I have spent several years looking for a practical walking , comfortable white sandal . A friend suggested to check Amazon and I am so happy I did . These sandals are comfortable and exactly what I wanted . The price was reasonable too !
 I purchased these shoes as a gift for my aunt in PA. . She said it is the most comfortable shoe she has ever worn . I will purchase another pair for her closer to spring but told her the red ones are year-round too . Next , I will purchase a pair for me . Many thanks . NJ
 I wanted some new summer sandals , but I did n't want to pay top dollar.I first looked at Clarks , but no good prices on what I liked.I looked at several other brands before seeing Propet . I decided to give them a try , and I am so thankful I did!The propet women 's breeze walker sandal is well made , expensive looking and very comfortable . No break in time needed.This particular sandal has some type of breathable cushiony thing which seems to keep my feet dry so far . -LRB- we 'll see how well it work as weather gets much hotter -RRB- . If you 're on the fence about buying these or another brand -LRB- like Clark 's -RRB- , I 'd say give Propet a try . The quality and comfort are there.Hopefully , you 'll get them on sale !
 I 'm so glad that I discovered these shoes ! I have them in every color and wear them most of the time . I travel a lot and I can walk all day in these shoes without pain . I especially like the idea of the velcro straps everywhere so that if your feet swell from sitting too long , you can let them loose a little while . They do n't take up lots of room in your luggage . You can be dressed up or dressed down . I 've worn them to the beach and also for evening wear with a long skirt . Treat yourself and buy a pair of these wonderful shoes ! Order your regular size as they are true to fit . Ignore the person who compared these to Clark 's . These are better .
 I love these sandals . I got the brushed leather ones , and they are very comfortable . They have some arch support and all the straps adjust for a comfortable fit . I wear a 7.5 in most shoes and that is what I ordered in these . They fit me perfectly .
 I have plantar fasciitis which is easily aggravated by most shoes - especially sandals . It has been especially difficult to find sandals that do n't bother my feet . To complicate matters , I blister easily . And , I need adequate but not hard arch support or I have foot pain.These sandals are the most comfortable I have ever worn . I wear them all day - I hike and walk the dogs in them - I even have run in them when I 've needed to - without any problems . I would give the six stars if I could for comfort without looking like clunky old-lady shoes .
 I purchased this shoe in white using my normal size and they are a perfect fit and feel as if you are walking on pillows . My feet do not get tired with this shoe . I am going to purchase this shoe in another color .
 I am quite pleased with these shoes . They are comfortable out of the box . I have very wide feet , and I have a tough time finding shoes that fit . I wanted to buy something that was more reasonably priced than Wolkys -LRB- which I love -RRB- . I bought a size 11 , WW . It 's a bit too long -LRB- a 10 would have been fine -RRB- , but that 's okay . I 'm just delighted to have sandals that are wide enough ! I would certainly buy another pair . I 've never bought shoes online before , and it 's worked out very satisfactorily .
 These sandals are awesome . I have a lot of foot problems due to a birth defect . These were comfortable right out of the box . I ca n't remember the last pair of shoes that did n't need breaking in . The price was also awesome .
 I decided to try these sandals as a possible replacement for the old Clark 's Sunbeat , which no longer lives up to its former standard of quality , unfortunately . These have a very similar appearance and , if anything , are more comfortable . I thought I might dislike the look of the Velcro straps , but it 's actually not very noticeable . They are very comfortable and , I thought , more attractive than they appeared in the picture -LRB- of course , I 'm at an age where `` comfortable '' tends to be synonymous with `` attractive '' -RRB- . I downgraded them one star because the ankle strap tends to ride a little high on me , rubbing right underneath my ankle bone . I think when they get broken in and soften up a little , this will probably cease to be a problem , but for now , it 's very irritating after awhile . Overall , though , I like this sandal and look forward to wearing it this summer .
 Propet Women 's Breeze Walker SandalI have n't bought many shoes on line , but I actually had tried on this model while shopping a few weeks earlier . However I could n't imagine how luxuriously comfortable it would be . I am wearing it everywhere - church , work , shopping - it 's that comfortable . They are also very lightweight and easily wiped off . And they were ten dollars cheaper than at the `` outlet '' store where I was shopping . What a bargain .
 very pretty light blue , not too pale.great fit , very comfortable.fast shipping.this is my seventh pair . lots of color choices .
 Wonderful sandal - comfortable - easily adjusts to just the right size ! Sturdy and stylish ! I 've worn this sandal for at least 5 years now ! I just love it !
 This is the most comfortable sandal I have ever worn . I bought a second pair for wearing outside because I use the first pair as slippers . The insole is like walking on a cloud , a dry cloud . The front straps are adjustable . The fit is true . I can wear them all day long . I have had shoes and sandals that gave me blisters on my bunions or corns on my toes . Not these . I hope Propet never stop making them.Mary
 Several years ago I broke all five metatarsus in my right foot . I have since then had some problem finding comfortable/well fitting shoes . The ability to adjust the front two straps on the Propet sandals has been fantastic . The feel walking in these shoes is more comfortable than any other sandals I have ever had ... even those that cost much more . They are also available in many different colors and I like this also .
 Really happy with my purchase . This is the second pair of Propet ' I 've purchased . The first pair was a short all weather boot . I love the side zipper and the wide sizing . The second pair is a pair of sandals , brick color is great . Comfy , good support .
 It is very difficult to find `` normal '' shoes when you have wide feet or foot problems . Propet offers styles for every foot .
 Bought my first pair a couple of years ago . Just bought two more pairs to take on a cruise . They are attractive have good support and are comfortable to walk in . the two velcro front straps were a great adjustment idea . My old ones still have a lot of wear left . Will use for yard work , etc. .
 Wife loves this product . She is disappointed that it is appearently unavailable in the Yellow color anymore .
 This is my favorite sandal . I highly recommend this product for everyday summer outings and vacations . Walking is a breeze in these Breeze Walkers .
 These are so comfy and are really walking shoes . I liked them so much I ordered a second pair . Shoes are difficult for me to buy as my feet are small and narrow but these fit .
 My wife has a hard time finding strap-back velcro or buckle sandals in a wide width and a short size ... . these are almost perfect . The only problem is that the buckle strap is very short and a bit hard for her to buckle - aside from that , she LOVES these sandals ! She says `` HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! ''
 Estoy encantada con esas sandalias , preciosas , muy comodas . He tenido otras sandalias de esta marca y me han resultado excelentes . Si lo recomendaria .
 I really like the way the shoe feels , I would have given it a 5 if it had better arch support -LRB- My other experiences w / Propet they all had great support -RRB- . The foot bed on this sandal is flat . It does not feel like it will pinch or give blisters . I have only worn it around the house so far to see how they will be .
 Very comfortable sandle . Hard to find a good quality sandle that offers support and leave your feet feeling good even after walking a long time . The sole is thick enough to absorb hard pavement . Best sandle I 've ever owned .
 The width is perfect , and they were priced very reasonably . This is my first time purchasing Propet shoes , but it definitely wo n't be my last .
 I love the Breeze Walker sandal . I gave it 4 stars because they changed their sole . At least that is my opinion . I am going to call the manufacturer to check . What I am referring to is that it seems to be a man-made composition instead of the way it used to be leather . As a result I feel like it is slippery if there is perspiration . Other than that it is a very comfortable walking shoe .
 I bought this pair from a plus-size catalog , and have been extremely pleased with them . My flat feet are clown-sized and wide , and I 'm partly disabled -LRB- one foot is usually swollen -RRB- , so you can imagine how difficult it is to find comfy shoes . This brand and model is very lightweight and cushioned as I walk . The light weight is important because I do n't have to stomp around in boots , and I do n't trip on carpet or other surface disruptions . I can put on some mileage with this pair ! The Velcro straps easily adjust for my normal foot and swollen foot . It 's all good . Time to buy another color , because the first pair , bought in 2008 , is by no means worn out or broken . Add to my cart , Amazon !
 I own seven pairs of this sandal , in six colors , and I have purchased one further pair for my mother , who is in a nursing home in Arizona , and whose feet swell . I wear sandals 365 days a year in Idaho , as due to a thyroid disease , I can not tolerate having warm feet . I have worn out two pairs in the past . The first one I wore for four years , daily , exclusively , due to poverty , and they stood up to the abuse . -LRB- I have large feet and I am a substantial woman . -RRB- I would recommend this sandal to anyone who suffers from any of a range of foot issues , because it is totally adjustable . The sandal is well-made ; after three years , I had my shoe repair person replace the elastic under the buckle on both sandals . Otherwise , everything held up , in rain and snow , daily , in Idaho . I believe that manufacturers call that `` testing to destruction '' . I replaced that pair not so much because of their age , as because I finally had enough money to buy another pair . I did not even look for any other kind of sandal , or any other manufacturer . I will be wearing these for the rest of my life.Some of the other reviewers have mentioned that they had no break-in period with this model . Neither did I. On ONE sandal in ONE pair , there was a rough edge inside on a sewn seam . I bought some moleskin and attached it to the rough place inside the sandal , and have never given it another thought.My mother is delighted with the pair I bought her for this summer ; I came to this page today to buy her another color for the winter.My only wish is that a few more colors were available in 12EE . But I can not downgrade the sandal for that . I own and wear sandals in colors I had never been able to find before in my life . Color me a happy Propet customer for life .
 I have this walking sandal in white and tan , as well as the black ones I recently purchased from Amazon.com . They fit great and are very comfortable for all day wear . I wear a size 13 N , and it 's difficult to find shoes , so I was pleased to find them on Amazon.com . Another plus was Amazon 's price was much less than where I 'd purchased the other two pair .
 The heat in Arizona makes everything hot , especially your feet . It would be so uncomfortable without Propet Sandals . I purchased a pair last year and was overjoyed to be able to purchase two pairs this year . Try them . You too can be comfortable no matter how hot it gets .
 I purchased these in a 4E width for my grandmother , whose feet are very swollen due to medical issues . It had gotten to the point where shoes either did n't fit her or were very uncomfortable . Finally I found these and they actually fit her ! She is very happy with them . They were worth every penny .
 These are my second pair of Propet sandals . I bought another pair because they are super comfortable sandals . They are great for walking a long way or standing for extended periods . I recently stood in a standby line at an event for several hours and my feet felt great . My only gripe with these shoes would be the location of the buckle . They are not the easiest shoes to get off and on especially at airport security .
 I did n't notice the buckle when I ordered , but the shoe fits so well that the little extra time involved does n't bother me at all . I ordered it in red -LRB- not a bright true red , but toned-down - think medium rust with touch of pink and chocolate -RRB- . It will go with most things in my closet . Propet is a wonderful shoe - I have a similar sandal in tan with two velcro straps and a closed back -LRB- a `` tennis shoe '' sandal -RRB- , and a boot with 2 '' heel . All are very comfortable - at this age , the most important detail in footwear !
 This shoe was nice and comfortable . Bought it for a trip to Europe.However , it came up too high on my ankle bone and had to return it .
 I was looking for a good walking sandal that could be adjusted in case my feet were swollen -LRB- as often happens after flying -RRB- . These were comfortable right away , the size was good , wore them every day and they were always comfortable , no blisters forming . Very happy with them , and would purchase other Propet products .
 Propet makes excellent shoes , all types , their sandals are my favorite and this style is the most comfortable I have every worn .
 Propet breeze walker sandals were received as described ... before estimated delivery date . Would order this product again .
 These sandals are just great in comfort and appearance , wonderful for vacations . The service was speedy as always .
 First time shoe buyer via internet . Purchased because I 'd worn Propet before and was pleased with fit . Not disappointed ! The fit was perfect and shoes delivered in a timely way .
 This shoe is very comfortable and so far easy to clean . They were comfortable at the first wearing . They are excellent when you have a lot of walking to do .
 i ordered 3 pair of shoes and , this chic shoe was the most comfy shoe of them all . the design of the shoe and the size of the heel is awesome !! i would recommend this item to anybody who likes high heels !
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I found this shoe to be extremely comfortable for my recreational running . I have normal pronation and needed a stability shoe . This is the most comfortable one I 've found . The mesh on the toe is very breathable and the shoe is very flexible making it versatile to wear during my other workouts .
 This item is perfect . I love the way it looks and feels . When I walk in them it feels like I can walk forever because they 're so comfortable . If you 're looking for quality shoes that cradle your feet with every step , I suggest you purchase them .
 I researched this shoe before buying to make sure it was good for me and it was . This is one of the most comfortable shoes I have . Will definitely buy again .
 I love these shoes . They 're so comfortable and great for jogging . I got them in lilac and have received several compliments on them from friends .
 I have never bought tennis shoe 's online before and of course was hesitate but I ca n't complain about these . The gel is super nice comfort for running . I have ran in them a few times and feel the cushion . Great shoe !
 I did n't have to break these shoes in too much before I decided to run a 5K . I felt no other pain than soreness running in these shoes . My feet were n't sore by body was from running my first race this year . These are not cold weather shoes , use these in the summer you can feel the breeze . Lots of shock absorption too .
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 Naturalizer are my favorite shoes . Always comfortable right from the get go . The sandals are great . Nice to have shoes to come in Wide sizes also .
 I recommend these shoes ! They are very comfortable and the leather is like butter ! The longer you were them , the more comfortable they become . I am a big fan of Naturalizer and this pair did not let me down !
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 This pair is very nice , they are chic , joyfull and elegant at the same time . At $ 35.00 those were a very good purchase . Charles by Charles David runs in the right number . I bought them 9 because i did n't want to risk buying thru the internet , but they fit me a little bit big . Therefore , if you are 81/2 thats what you must buy .
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I am sure these boots are great for Outdoor work , as for any duration of indoor work they do not breathe ; must he the waterproofing , keeps them tightly sealed , and that 's a good thing . Plenty of good cushion with the Rocky insole . But not for me . I had to remove it and put in a pair of superfeet . So I am still in search of the Perfect Indoor Outdoor Boot . The handmade Italian 265.00 Zamberlan hiking boot is a superior fitting boot for both in and out door use , but they do not make it in the specs of a work boot that is slip resistant , waterproof , & have protective toe . I go through a pair of those every year . May have to go back to them.So all-in-all Rocky is a Great boot , the sizing is Spot On , I may get a another pair of Rocky 's that is Not Waterproof , & see if they breathe.Because right now I feel as if I 'm walking around with my feet inside a pair of Heavy Zip Lock Baggies inside a pair of boots ...
 My husband works in construction and these are the only boots he wears ! He was amazed with his first pair at how comfortable they were ... and they last as long as any pair he has owned . They are steel toed but not heavy feeling and the 6 '' ankle is supportive but not restrictive . My husband works many 80 hour weeks on his feet the whole time , in all sorts of weather and he swears by these . He says once you 've worn Rockies , nothing else will do ! The comfort is their main claim to glory !
 Shoe fits and holds up well . I would recommend this shoe to ups drivers , mail men or anyone else who is on their feet for hours on end .
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I have bought my second pair after I wore out my first pair . They are lightweight and probably more suited for day hikes and short backpacks rather than extended trips . waterproof and only problem I had was the toe seam started to come unglued and a quick trip to shoe repair and $ 6 fixed me up . I really like these boots and are the most comfortable hiking boot I have ever owned and I am 63 and have been hiking over 40 years
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 We ordered the Rockport Women 's Faisel Oxford , white leather shoes , to accommodate needs for a wider toe -LRB- regular running shoes are nice , but characteristically have narrow toes that rub where wide toe areas are involved -RRB- . We also wanted them in classic white -LRB- without the new psychedelic colors -RRB- . We also wanted good looks , long wear , and overall comfort . We got all three , and elegance thrown in . The shoes are soft , almost kid leather quality and flexibility . They are very light and go with any casual outfit . The price is less than most running or walking shoes , and bear the mark of excellence
 Great skate shoes , my son loves these . These were cheaper than alot of the others and we do n't know why , they are GREAT sk8 shoes !
 LOVE THESE ! SO thankful for the good deal!I ca n't afford the prices of the others , but I was able to get Etnies for all 3 of my kids with this deal !
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 I bout a pair of these sandals back in `` 08 '' and i still have them . I travel the city in them and they are still intact and so comfordable they must have these in heaven lol ! my whole family love to steal them even tho i wear size 13 my kids are relentless in jacking my sandals ! i am so glad i found them on amazon , I refuse to buy any other sandals and cant remember were i got them from and the tag is gone so i cant search for the makers ! i just typed in `` mens sandals '' then `` camo '' and found the exact pair of heavenly sandals ! Time to retire mines and purchase some new ones ! I am buying myself 3 pairs and some for my 2 sons , lil girl and wife ! they can charge $ 100 and i would buy these I am the roughest dude and these things never poped or tore they are like supermans suit ! but as comfy as a cloud ! love u flojo ! WHOEVER YOU GUYS ARE !
 I have a pair of these and have never walked on more comfortable sandals ! I have heel spurs , plantar faciitis issues , and bulging disks . I wear these sandals all day and my feet do not hurt , and my back feels better than it has in months ! I wear them around the house all the time while doing housework , standing in the kitchen cooking , etc. and I actually do not have the issues I normally do after a long day on my feet.I wish Flojo made these same sandals in other colors and prints . The other Flojo sandals I have looked at seem comfortable , but none have as deep an egg crate pattern or are as thick overall as these Hummer sandals . How about some other patterns and colors ?
 I ordered these for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . I overheard him telling one of his friends about them , which is a rarety to hear men talking about shoes in this house . He especially likes how the sole wrapes up along the side of the shoe . It makes him more comfortable when he wears them outside to get the mail , the paper , etc. because he does n't have to worry about the side of the slipper getting wet by dew on the grass or the small puddles left by the sprinklers.They appear to be very well made and durable , he has n't had them long enough to know if they really are but they seem to be . We live in Florida so it is difficult to find slippers that can be worn year round and the flannel lining in these keeps your feet warm in cool weather and not too hot in warm weather.One thing about these though is we had to return the first pair because they were a little snug on his feet . According to him , because of the rubber sole wrapping up along the side prevented them from giving so they were a little tight . We had to go a size larger than he usually wears . When he got the larger pair , he was and continues to be a happy camper .
 The slippers are what I expected . With only a month , I can only say they do the job .
 got these for christmas and right out of the box . . instant comfort !! warm but not hot like some slippers . . i like the quality of this company . very satisfied .
 These sandals are classy and sleek enough to wear with a skirt or dress . For those women that are looking for comfort , and would rather wear Birkenstock or Teva than a dress shoe , these are for you . If you have a foot that is a different shape or size than the other like me , you will be able to adjust the straps easily , and the foot bed is padded . You ca n't beat the price either .
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 Shoes are 100 % comfortable ! Sturdy too ! My son uses it for school and otherwise and it looks good regardless .
 I love these shoes , unfortunately , I 've worn out two pair and I ca n't find my size 8 any where ... you have 'm , I 'll buy em !
 These are very comfortable sandals to walk in . The fact that they go from sand to water and back is a real plus -LRB- leave them in the sun to dry and you can just blow the sand off the sandals ! -RRB- as I live near the `` sugar sand '' beaches of Lake Michigan ...
 love the sandals , this is the 3rd year they are the only one i can were for days .
 I bought these shoes from Campmor a year ago in preparation for a kayaking trip to Baja . The shoes were great -- comfortable , lightweight , and durable . When I saw them on sale for $ 20 on Amazon , I immediately snatched up an extra pair ! They 're so comfortable that now I regularly choose them over my leather sandals for everyday summer wear . A great product .
 I never hesitate ordering a Colombia brand item . And these were great prices too ! Have 4 pairs now in as many colors .
 If you want a stylish , well-made , slightly rugged but still girlie and fashionable sandal that will stand up to most anything , this is the product for you ! The colors are wonderful , the sandals fit great and they are ever so comfortable . You will not be disappointed with them in any way .
 This is my first try of this type of sandal . Surprisingly , they are very comfortable and offer quite good support . I would recommend them for any type of activity . At first they felt `` different '' , but soon I noticed very nice for walking .
 The columbia Sportswear Surftide II sandal is the msot comfortable pair of shoes I 've ever had . Perfect from the moment I put them on . They were shipped promptly and were exactly as described .
 Overall very comfortable but were a little stiff at first , got some blisters but now they feel as good as sneakers with very good support .
 These were better than I could have hoped ! I wore them for the first time , for 8 hours , on the first day of my vacation in Hawaii without breaking them in . In the water and tromping two miles through the jungle left me with no blisters or sore places on my feet ! Very confortable !
 I just started doing water aerobics and needed a shoe for traction while in the pool . Unfortunately , I need to wear sandals for medical reasons and apparently no one -LRB- including Columbia -RRB- makes a water aerobics sandal . I tried these because they sounded like they could handle exposure to water and were at a really good price . They handle the water just fine , drying completely in about 8 hours and show no sign of falling apart . The traction is n't as strong as I would like , but it 's better than bare feet or having damaged toes from shoes . Also , the sandals create more drag in the water than regular water aerobics shoes , making my feet cramp more than they probably would have . I gave the product five stars because the sandals are performing the way they were advertised ; I 'm just using them for something they were n't designed for .
 I 've been wearing these sandals for almost 2 months and they 're terrific . I 've never been able to find a pair in this style that I 've been able to wear comfortably and not get blisters or sore spots . These are very comfortable . I can walk in them for hours and they do n't `` rub me the wrong way '' . Quality and comfort and they look good - what more can you ask ?
 These are very comfortable beach shoes and I was very pleased with the price.I would change the color names because they are too vague and I could only guess which one would match my swimsuit .
 great sandalsa , and washable too ! Better than expected , have ordered 6 more pair in 3 other colors .
 These are so comfortable . I love them and would recommend them to anyone .
 Great shoes , rugged , amphibious as promised , and the quality I expect from Columbia . -LRB- I bought these because , as much as I love my Crocs , I needed a less goofy look but all the water-friendly features . -RRB- My only wish is for half sizes , as the sole runs a little long past my toes , increasing potential for tripping . This is a great shoe for light hiking but if you 're climbing over a lot of rocks , get something that covers your toes .
 Very comfortable , and great walking sandal . This shoe runs true to size . Very pleased .
 I bought this shoe because the moment I tried it on it felt so comfortable . It has exceeded my expectations in the comfort aspect . It 's great for long walks and for people that are on their feet for an extended period of time . Honestly I have n't found a pair of shoes that feels this good in a very long time .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I have been very happy with this shoe , however , if you are considering buying , be very careful with sizing . I measure a Mens size 9 US , which equates to a Euro 43 according to the description . I ordered 43 's and they were BIG on me , length and width . So I exchanged for 42 's -LRB- 8-8 .5 US -RRB- . These were better , but still too large . Heal did n't slip , but just about , and they definitely felt loose . So I exchanged again , this time for 41 's -LRB- 7-7 .5 US -RRB- . They fit well , comfortably snug and still plenty of room in the toe . Bottom line , order at least one size small ... or even two . I find it hard to believe I wear a size 7 , but I love the shoes ... great quality from Ecco . Amazon made the exchanges easy and quick so well worth the trouble .
 These shoes are comfortable right out of the box . Great for driving , travel , and office wear . They do not hold up well if you are on your feet all day .
 I bought a pair of ECCO men 's loafer 's for my husband and he loves them . They were bought for casual wear as that is how he dresses most of the time . I highly recommend these shoes for any man or woman because of the comfort .
 I have owned a pair of Ecco shoes for about a year . In fact , I have ordered and received two new pairs in both black and brown . They are extremely comfortable . I can slip them on without any problems . The leather is soft and the soles grip well.I highly recommend Ecco shoes .
 These shoes were so comfortable when I tried them on , I had to buy them plus another dressier pair , even though I was n't looking for two pairs of shoes . I wear them about every other day and they still fit perfectly . The insole and sole make them comfortable to wear all day long with no fatigue.I was very disappointed when Dillard 's stopped carrying them . I wanted to buy a second pair to have on hand . I found the shoe box today and searched Amazon for the same size and color . Three minutes later I was buying them with `` one-click '' . Very happy to have a back-up pair . I may even buy a third pair . Finding shoes that fit perfectly and last for a long time is very hard , so knowing these are that magical combination makes buying them in bulk very tempting.It is very good that I tried these on at the store . I would never have thought I would fit in a 10-10 .5 shoe . My normal loafer shoe size is 11 , and my other shoes are 12 's .
 Not having worn this shoe for any length of time , I can only surmise that it will be as comfy as it feels now . My only disappointment was , once I received the shoe , the squared-off toe is broader than it appears in the online photos . That 's the problem with buying online -- there 's nothing quite like having an item in hand.Also , I 'm glad I read the online reviews from prior customers . As a consequence , I bought a size smaller than normal and even that feels a little loose . Being a loafer , I hope I do n't have problems with it slipping on my heel .
 Unfortunately these shoes did n't fit once they arrived at our house . They do not run in regular sizes and each style fits differently . We had gotten a size from a local Ecco dealer , but from a different style . We were able to return these shoes with no questions asked . We later bought this brand from a local retailer so now we know what size to purchase in the style that my husband likes . These shoes are high in price , but high in quality too . He has two pairs and has switched them back and forth for almost two years now . We will definitely continue to buy Ecco 's for him .
 This pair of shoes feel comfortable , good , is I bought second pair of ECCO shoes , shoes and a little fade is .
 I bought this pair of shoes for my Dad , and as soon as he put them on , he loved them and said the shoes were really soft and comfy .
 I bought these shoes for my boyfriend as a Christmas present . They are high quality shoes and look very nice . He enjoys them and are his favorite pair of shoes .
 The title says it all . However , I do recommend getting a size smaller .
 My mother bought me a pair of sandals this summer . Thanks be that she does n't read English . I just do n't feel comfortable in those sandals , no matter how comfortable they are ! Anyway , I got these and she was happy with my choice . They are really , really comfortable and nice and simple looking.Definitely 5 stars worthy !
 I 've owned three pairs of this same loafer , and all have been wonderful . Lightweight , flexible , extremely comfortable and remarkably durable , they 're the best loafers I 've owned . Unlike most comparably priced shoes , they 're made with natural ingredients
 I live in Vegas where it is really hot . Starting in May I wear shorts everyday until September . I was not sure what to wear with my shorts so I buoght the John Varvados Converse which are about the same price as the Ecco 's . My wife said i was too old to wear cons and bought me a pair of Ecco Mocassions . My life changed the moment i put the shoes on . They were very comfortable and stylish . They look great without socks and seem to breathe very well -LRB- so far my feet have not made them stinky -RRB- . The only con was the brown polish wears off pretty quick so I do have to polish them . I bought the exact same pair in black also . The only bad thing is the the traction on the sole is not very good on wet surfaces.I can not wait until next summer so I can buy a new pair !!!
 I was traveling and I realized a need for something to be comfortable while out on an assignment that would not require trekking out to the local mall . I found a very comfortable casual shoe that is also very attractive at a great price . I can not say enough about how comfortable this shoe is . The combination of ordering it via Amazon and getting it the next day was a much more pleasurable drill than parking at the mall an shopping for hours ... I should also mention that I bought it via my Kindle Fire also purchased on Amazon . Technology via shoe leather -LRB- well rubber compound soles -RRB- meets the road .
 I wear these shoes daily and they are amazingly comfortable . The insoles wick sweat nicely , but once they do , you can guarantee a smelly foot . Instead of spending money to replace the entire shoe , invest in a pair of Ecco Replacement insoles and your shoes will be with you for month to come . I bought a pair in every color !
 I ordered them for my brother , they are really cool , and cozy , but on the box is one size and on the shoes is another one -LRB- 1 size more -RRB- . Nevertheless , my brother wears them with great pleasure !
 These shoes were very comfortable but ran a little short . I gave them to my sister and she loves them .
 This was definately the best seller I 've ever done business with online . They sent me their own emails thanking me for the purchase , letting me know when it had been shipped , and even included a tracking option that let me know where my package was at all times after it had been shipped . And as for the shoes , they 're better than I expected or imagined , especially from a costume site . In my experience , many items that are intended as a costume accessory are cheap and only meant for one day of wearing , but these are Ellie brand and very high quality . I was drawn to these shoes mostly because of the price and pink color , and did n't mind if they did n't last too long , I just wanted them to be my first dancer-type shoes - but they 're almost just like the ones other sites offer for more than double the price ! These are very high-quality shoes for a great price !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These are the most comfortable slippers I have ever owned . They were a perfect fit for me . They support my feet and are so soft and comfy .
 They were very nice slippers but I did n't need two pair . And they were too wide for me .
 Tender Tootsies are the best slippers I have had . I just wish that you did n't have to buy two pairs or , if you do , you could get two different colors . If it were n't for that , I would give them five stars . That 's not Amazon 's fault though . They are sold that way everywhere . My slippers were delivered as expected .
 These hot boots totally rock . They are not too tall , so you do n't tower over people , yet they are still high enough to make the guys turn their heads . The buckles are a classy , sexy feauture . They are comfy , too . I love them - 5 stars !!
 These hot boots totally rock . They are not too tall , so you do n't tower over people , yet they are still high enough to make the guys turn their heads . The buckles are a classy , sexy feauture . They are comfy , too . I love them - 5 stars !!
 Great boot fits perfect and is very light ca n't tell you are wearing them Ive used them all day pouring concrete very tough boot worth the money
 These was a great purchase . Very affordable and long lasting . The only brand I buy because of the quality and their durability
 My old Tingleys were wearing out after years of use.I was glad to get a new pair at a good price .
 The boots had a nice thick quality construction , that would hold up for real work like concrete pouring . They stretch well over work boots with out tearing . I would get a larger size than usual it makes it a little easier to pull on and off .
 I 've been looking for these for a while . These exceed my expectations . I have them now in the 10 inch & 17 inch .
 I purchased 2 pairs of these boots-one for my busband , one for me - to have when we have to wade through deep water either outside or in our basement.The price was also good .
 All as expected - the overboots arrived on time and seem to be exactly as described . I have not had a chance to use them as yet , as the weather has not been sufficiently inclement to warrant putting them on . They do seem to be robust enough ,
 I just received my shoes yesterday , in time for a long trip . I tried them on yesterday and think they are just perfect ! They are soooo comfortable - feels like I 'm walking around in house slippers ! And they look cute and have real tread on the bottom so I know I can do some real walking in them . I do have to admit there is a bit more sparkle in mine than I expected -LRB- I ordered the pewter -RRB- but I really do n't mind . Highly recommend these shoes , I 'm considering getting another pair in a different color !
 Very comfortable , but the straps keep coming loose .
 The shoes were very cute but ended up not fitting me right so I had to return them . Amazon made the return very easy and I got my full refund soon after I shipped them back , plus I did n't have to pay for shipping ... which I thought was great ! I would definitely shop w / Amazon again !
 She likes this shoes and delivery time was excellent . But for next time Im going to buy two pair , because the box allow an extra pair . I could save on shipping to my country.This Skecher product is very resistant , my daugther is a teenager !
 I love these shoes . Mind you , I am VERY picky about my shoes . Extremely comfortable , almost like wearing slippers . They look very nice with jeans . The strap is velcro and I 've found myself occasionally having to re-fasten them closed . Other than that , they 're awesome .
 I find that if I fasten the straps with a little leeway -LRB- i.e. flex my foot while fastening -RRB- , then they 're much less likely to come loose . VERY comfortable shoes , and cuter than a lot of tennis shoes . They do have more shine than you can really see in the online photos - I got the bronze - but I think it 's cute .
 This is a really cute shoe but the bottom side of the flower is itchy to the tops of my feet , do n't plan on wearing them for a walk in the park .
 I wear full orthotics , and these are perfect walking shoes for me . I 've tried half-a-dozen other similar shoes , but none were as comfortable .
 These hot boots totally rock . They are not too tall , so you do n't tower over people , yet they are still high enough to make the guys turn their heads . The buckles are a classy , sexy feauture . They are comfy , too . I love them - 5 stars !!
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This shoe was the only one my daughter would wear when she was 3-4m old without trying to kick them off . It fit her great and seemed comfortable to her . I was bummed when she grew out of them .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These hot boots totally rock . They are not too tall , so you do n't tower over people , yet they are still high enough to make the guys turn their heads . The buckles are a classy , sexy feauture . They are comfy , too . I love them - 5 stars !!
 Naturalizer are my favorite shoes . Always comfortable right from the get go . The sandals are great . Nice to have shoes to come in Wide sizes also .
 I recommend these shoes ! They are very comfortable and the leather is like butter ! The longer you were them , the more comfortable they become . I am a big fan of Naturalizer and this pair did not let me down !
 These hot boots totally rock . They are not too tall , so you do n't tower over people , yet they are still high enough to make the guys turn their heads . The buckles are a classy , sexy feauture . They are comfy , too . I love them - 5 stars !!
 These hot boots totally rock . They are not too tall , so you do n't tower over people , yet they are still high enough to make the guys turn their heads . The buckles are a classy , sexy feauture . They are comfy , too . I love them - 5 stars !!
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These slippers are perfect for my 95-yr-old mother who is living in a nursing home . I needed something comfortable to accommodate her swollen feet/ankles , that had a good non-slip sole and that was also machine washable . These fit that criteria . Her foot is a size 10 1/2 . Though the slippers do n't come in half sizes , the 11 fit fine . She does , however , wear socks with her slippers , so be aware that could make a difference in the fit , along with of course , the degree of swelling . Mom likes that there is a `` heel '' around the back so her foot does not slide out of them when she 's walking -LRB- shuffling -RRB- . I would buy them again . In fact , I very likely will get a second pair for changing out when the others are in the laundry .
 I 'm extremely happy with these slippers . I found them when I could n't get Loro Piana cashmere slippers -LRB- which are over $ 180 when you can find them ! -RRB- . These Daniel Green slippers are marvelously soft . And the velcro closure and non-slip sole are great . I have n't had to wash them yet , but when I do they 'll pop right into the washing machine . Great find .
 These slippers wear well . I bought a pair for my mom 2 years ago , she wears them ALL the time . She washes them and they always look new again . The light colors are the only drawback if you want to wear them as much as her . I bought her a couple pairs this year so she could rotate them .
 These slippers were purchased for my 90 yr old mom who walks slowly , but has some trouble with swelling in her feet by the end of the day . I needed to replace those slide-in scuffs she has had forever . I also wanted something washable . These are great , but they do run very true to size or slightly larger than other slippers . I purchased an 8 1/2 because she usually wears an 8 , and they are a little too large . But with her evening swelling , it works out fine .
 I purchased these slippers because of a foot problem.At age 72 I have a problem with a toe . My doctor told me to wear open toe slippers - these slippers are the best ever . They are adjustable and very comfortable . Daniel Green slippers have been a part of my life . My mother wore them - I was pleased when I found them on Amazon ! I purchased two pairs - pink and lilac . Thank you Amazon .
 I bought Daniel Green Women 's Tara Washable Slippers for my mother because her feet swell by the end of the day . And she says that she 's happy with them.They easily adjust well to fit her feet , no matter what size they happen to be at the moment.They 've also proven to be washable - a big factor in a terry slipper.And she says that they 're comfortable.Add to that lots of color choices , and it 's four out of four . Or five stars .
 I bought these slippers for my 94 year old mother who has arthritic , distorted feet . They are easy for her to get in and out of and are extremely comfortable . She has complained that she has a little problem with the velcro but that is due more to the lack of flexibility of her fingers than a problem with the slipper construction .
 We love these shoes ! We love having the adjustable strap at the toes to make a snug fix . They are extremely soft . They are a bit pricey for slippers . Very thick sole which is great for support and the elderly .
 The slippers were very soft and comfortable . They seemed a little small , I should have ordered the next size up .
 My mother required slippers that stayed on her feet , since she can barely shuffle when she walks . She also has long narrow feet . Because the toe is open and the velcro foot allows adjustment , these slippers work very well for her .
 Only Slippers worn by my whole family , most comfortable , and long lasting . Easy to wash and keep clean . Most quality for reasonable price .
 velcro makes them great for woman whose arthritis makes it hard to slide on shoes . also , velcro allows them to be tightened onto foot , great for unsteady person .
 I think Daniel Green is the only slipper brand that comes in narrow widths . That 's good for me , as I wear a 10N shoe . That said , I do have to adjust the velcro strap snugly enough to keep my feet from sliding forward , which is why I 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 . Still , a great slipper , even though it 's a bit pricey .
 I read all the reviews before buying these slippers and I am very happy with this purchase . I bought them because for one thing , I have severe back problems and for another , we have hardwood floors , so foremost in my mind was being sure the slippers were non slip and also would n't harm the floors surface . These fit the bill perfectly .
 DANIEL GREEN SLIPPERS ARE WELL CONSTRUCTED COMFORTABLE AND PRACTICAL DUE TO ABILITY OF `` WASHABLE `` JUDGING OF CORRECT SIZE NEEDED WAS HARD TO GUESS . I REQUIRED RETURN TO AMAZON - PLUS HAD TO PAY MAILING FEE - TO HAVE CORRECT SIZE SENT .
 I purchased these because I have wide feet and it is not easy to get any foot wear to fit right . . well , these slippers are so soft and the velcro makes the width perfect . I will always get these from now on . . oh the open toe is a plus too .
 These are very well made . The padding inside is substantial and comfortable . I like the open toes and the velcro top so that IF I need to I can expand the shoe to fit my foot . -LRB- Especially good if you have fluid problems in your feet . -RRB- I do not regret buying these which I have done with so many other house shoes . I will probably buy another pair while I still can . I am impressed with Daniel Green 's workmanship .
 Finally , slippers that i do n't walk out of!My feet are slim -LRB- AAA -RRB- and because these slippers are adjustible , they stay on my feet ! They also have a sole & enough cushioning to be comfortable . When I occasionally need to insert orthodics , I can adjust them accordingly.A great find !
 I received my slippers today - very fast - and they are wonderful . They are my first experience with memory foam and I love it . It took me a few tries before I was able to fasten them small enough . The fit is true to size but I have very narrow feet and the velcro did n't want to go as tight as I needed , but I figured it out . They are well made and attractive .
 My Daniel Green Womens Tara slippers are delightful . I am 81 years old and MY Grandmother wore Daniel Green slippers . She would not wear any other kind ! I wore Daniel Green Mules for my Wedding . They are the best . You can not go wrong with Daaniel Green.Happy customer , Mary Vita
 Item was exactly what I ordered and the company shipped it immediately !! Great company and product !! Mom loves her new slippers !
 These slippers were a gift for a family member . The slippers were perfect for her . Warm and cozy but not do n't allow her feet too hot . I had difficulty finding these anywhere else so I was excited to find them on amazon at such a reasonable price !
 I bought them for my Mom , because she has very wide feet . She liked how they fit and the slipper was very comfortable . Fast shipping and packaged very nice .
 The slippers are very soft and well made . They are a pleasure to wear and I use them everyday . They were delivered quickly . I plan to buy more of the same . Wearing them helps my arthritic knees . I especially like open toes and the adjustable closure in case my feet swell . There are no seams to irritate my feet . They are so well made and of such good quality material that I believe they are worth the price .
 My mother is 89 and lives alone . These slippers are great for her because sometimes her feet swell , and she needs more space . She also needs the slippers to have backs to keep her feet inside as she suffers from Parkinson 's , so she has trouble walking sometimes . The slippers are great ! The only complaint she had was the soles were a little too stiff for her liking ~ ~ until she got them broken in a little ~ ~ now she 's all over that and asking me to order an extra pair for the future should they ` stop making them ' ~ ~ oh yes , and she would love to have a larger choice of colors .
 Great boot fits perfect and is very light ca n't tell you are wearing them Ive used them all day pouring concrete very tough boot worth the money
 These was a great purchase . Very affordable and long lasting . The only brand I buy because of the quality and their durability
 My old Tingleys were wearing out after years of use.I was glad to get a new pair at a good price .
 The boots had a nice thick quality construction , that would hold up for real work like concrete pouring . They stretch well over work boots with out tearing . I would get a larger size than usual it makes it a little easier to pull on and off .
 I 've been looking for these for a while . These exceed my expectations . I have them now in the 10 inch & 17 inch .
 I purchased 2 pairs of these boots-one for my busband , one for me - to have when we have to wade through deep water either outside or in our basement.The price was also good .
 All as expected - the overboots arrived on time and seem to be exactly as described . I have not had a chance to use them as yet , as the weather has not been sufficiently inclement to warrant putting them on . They do seem to be robust enough ,
 I got these boots when i was working this summer in the woods not ideal for that but they are comfortable especially to wear if your standing on cement a lot .
 These hot boots totally rock . They are not too tall , so you do n't tower over people , yet they are still high enough to make the guys turn their heads . The buckles are a classy , sexy feauture . They are comfy , too . I love them - 5 stars !!
 I got these shoes about a month ago and I love them , I found that I had to buy a half size bigger than what I wear -LRB- size8 -RRB- , once you get them to go on they are so comfortable , I also Got the Sparklers slip on in black , and had to go up a whole size , my only problem is I find it hard to get them on , and in the black the right shoe is tighter than the left , but as I tried them on after walking all day my feet were swollen , and I think maybe thinner socks will help too , Other wise I absolutely loved them.Would definately reccomend.To let you know my boyfriend bought these ... lol ... for me .
 These shoes are the best ever , they slip on without the heel breaking down . They stay on your feet and are great for walking . I work for a ambulance service and need to get my shoes on quickly . These shoes are also nice looking . Of coarse now you ca n't find them in the stores . Why do they do that ?
 I was sad that I could not find these sneakers in the stores . They are so easy to put on and so comfortable to wear . I was excited to find Amazon had them . They came very quickly . It is a great buy for a comfortable slip on sneaker .
 This is the third pair of Skechers I have purchased over the past couple of years , and I 'm a true fan of this product ! If you 're looking for comfortable and long-wearing sporty casual shoes , these are the ones for you !
 I really like these shoes , I am on my feet 10 or more hours a day . They are so comfortable and my feet dont hurt at the end of the day . I love the fact that they dont have shoes laces and dont hurt the top of my feet.Thanks again for a wonderful shoe !
 love the shoe - if they had offered a wide width i would have been `` over the moon '' but these shoes are hard to come by-ordered my first from ebay - and went to order again and they no longer carry them - so was lucky to find them here / smart shoe - love the design / no typing laces-its a slip on - SPUNKY SHOE i would highly recommend - would like more size choices tho
 Never had a better pair of shoes in terms of support and comfort . I will continue buying these until they 're no longer available .
 I love these sneakers , I am on my 2nd pair . They look so classy too .
 I love these shoes , you can just slip them on and your off ! They fit like a glove the first time I put them on .
 I had a hard time finding these sneaks in the stores around me . I love them . They are easy to get on and off and are very light . After wearing them I put another brand on and I felt like I was wearing weights . I love them .
 These are some of the best shoes for comfort I 've ever had . They are extremely easy to get on and off , which is another plus .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and the most awesome thing is there are no stupid shoe strings to come untied . I always seem to have that problem at the most inconvenient times . What I really like is they look like normal shoes that have shoe strings , not some ugly slip on shoe . They do n't hurt the tops of your feet like other slip-ons . They slip on easily and they also build your calf muscles so your legs look great but they are not uncomfortable . They look good like a normal athletic shoe . I ca n't find them in stores anymore because they came out several years ago but luckily you can still find them on line . I have gone through 5 pairs and after wearing these I just ca n't stand normal tie shoes anymore . I will continue to buy this style as long as I can find them .
 Love these shoes . I have had wide feet since I was a toddler . These shoes are more supportive than the mules but easy to slip on . The price was competitive to other sellers .
 I had purchased the premix slip-on sneaker and have had them for several years now . They wear great and are really comfortable with the ease of slipping on and no strings to tie . I have flat feet and bunions on both ; this shoe is wide enough without ordering wide . I also purchased a different sketchers sneaker and they just do n't fit the same as the premix . After years of buying shoes , these are my favorite !
 My sneakers arrived quickly and in great shape . No damage . They are great sneakers . Very comfortable and I love the no laces aspect . They are a great walking sneaker and they last a long time .
 These shoes are so comfortable . I had a pair similar that I had purchased well over 10 yrs ago . That is how long the last pair lasted me . Actually I still have the old pair they just look rough .
 I love this product so much that these are about the 12th pair in the past 3 years . I am on my feet alot and my feet ache . Now these dont cure the pain but do relieve it enough to be able to do what I have to . I have used other brands of shoes and are unable to find any comfort in them . I have also tried other sketchers with the same end result of no comfort . These by far are the best comfort shoes sketchers sell .
 I love these sneakers . They are a perfect fit . They are great walking shoes , I 'm sure they 're great for running , too , I do n't run . Very comfortable .
 I have been buying this same shoe for 5 years . I love them , so comfortable and they just slip on and off . I will probably buy another pair in a couple years .
 The shoes give me the support , I need throughout the day for painting and moving up and down a ladder . Will alwayspurchase these shoes as long as they are available . But most of all , I do n't have to lace them up . Thanks !!
 My wife loves these , but we could n't find them at the stores anymore . The only downside is that they seem to be sized wrong on the small side . Every other shoe -LRB- including other skechers -RRB- she buys are the same size . Shes bought 4 pairs of these and 3 times had to pick a larger size .
 I give these a 10 out of 5 . Yeah , they 're that good . I currently work as a nurse on a busy med-surg ortho floor and i have to say the nurse to pt ratio in balt ***** sucks . When i worked med-surg oncology in PA i had 4 patients on night shift , and here i have 5-6 on dayshift . Oh , that means i can start with 6 patients , D/c 3 home and still get 3 new admissions so i end up with 6 . And no , do n't picture some old lady , cuz i 'm very young , just fresh out of college so it 's not like i 've doing this for forever and getting tired of walking all day.Anyhoo , i 'm not used to to working days and dealing with all the craziness . When i worked nights , i was able to sit and relax between 1-4am and i still went home in the morning with back ache and calves hurting cuz step down tele units can be a pain . I usually slept with my legs elevated on pillows cuz they hurt real bad . i got these skechers and the first night i wore them , i said `` WOW !!! '' i do n't feel my feet hitting the ground.I decided to start dayshift wearing these cuz i knew i was n't used to running around all day and now i ca n't go back to my easy spirits . These are so comfortable i can do i 16hr shift in them . I walk in these shoes from 6:45 am when i leave my house and i do n't get of till 7:30 though most of the time you never leave till 8pm . And i walk home comfortably in them . I picked them up when they wer 29 bucks and i wish i 'd grabbed 3pairs instead of 1 . or even 2pairs . Nevertheless , they are worth every single penny , so much so i 'll pay 60 bucks for their comfort.If you are on your feet walking about for 12 or more hours , please get these and do your feet and yourself a big favor . Your feet will thank you.I love these shoes and i 'll say the only shoes i have that can match up to their comfort is my merrell relay tour sneakers.Seriously , try them on and you will love them . Do n't spend $ 140 on some shoe when you can get all the comfort and more in these sketchers . Honestly , till i go back to school again , i 'm going to be wearing these only for work . They look great with scrubs , I do n't like to wear the shoes i wear to work anywhere else cuz i think the hospital is dirty so i ca n't tell how they 'll look with anything else but i 'm sure they 'll go with a nice pair of jeans . I 've owned them since spring and they still feel comfortable despite all the 12hr shifts and overtime i 've done in them.I really hope skechers do n't stop making these .09 / 24/11
 I walk a lot -LRB- ~ 4 mi day -RRB- so I am CAREFUL of the shoes I buy . I 've had these shoes 2 wks and I love them . They nearly rock you forward-the step is so good & easy . Enough circulation to the toes . The cushion is xlnt & the size/width is perfect . Get a wide only if you are a `` wide '' . No grab at the heels . They look sleek/clean too . No sparkles , no racing stripes , not logo-ed out , just comfort and quality . I love Skechers . Slipping them on is great-I 'm so lazy , actually I like the efficiency . They have strong elasticity where it counts -LRB- slipping them on -RRB- . You will like them too .
 I bought these because they were cute and I got a good deal , just hoping they would be comfortable . I have never bought a pair of shoes without trying them on . I was very pleasantly surprised !! These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned . They look great and feel like I am walking on a cloud !
 I 'm a nursing student and I wanted comfortable shoes for clinicals . I have high arches and have had problems with plantar fascitis in the past so it was very important to me to find a really great shoe . I have a pair of white Sketchers Shape-ups but I ca n't wear them every day because they do tire my legs and lower back if I wear them too much so I wanted a nice pair of regular Sketchers to alternate with them . I love slip ons and loved the fact that I could wipe these off easily if something spilled on them in the unit . All I can say is that I 'm back after just a few weeks buying a second pair just to wear with jeans during classes and for every day . LOVE THEM ! I 'm going to buy a couple more pair before they stop making them and store them in my closet because these are GREAT shoes . And I do n't need to wear additional inserts in them for my high arches . They are awesome and so very comfortable .
 My wife walks 4.5 to 5.5 miles each day a a large busy clinic and these shoes are up to the task . They look good , hold up well and they really take care of her feet . She refuses to buy any other shoe for work . Excellent value !
 Probably the best Sketchers I have owned . Most comfort and they look and feel well made . I need shoes to stand up to my active lifestyle yet are comfortable and soft . I look all over the web for good shoes like these and if you like the sketcher brand these are the best , they are true to size and are a bit wider on fit than other brands . I use these shoes almost everyday , and since I love to wear white shoes , I do wash all my shoes until they fall apart , and that is the greatest measure of quality construction . I have found these to be the best of the sketchers line .
 Soooo comfortable !!! I love wearing these shoes . They are stylish , comfortable , easy to clean , and most important you do n't have to be bothered with annoying laces ... just slip them on !! I find that Skechers run on the big side so I would recommend you order at least a half size smaller than you normally would .
 I purchased these tennies because my best friend had just bought some and loves them . She was right - they are the most comfortable tennis shoe I have ever owned . I went back and ordered another pair and a black pair too !
 I must say these sneakers are the most comfortable shoes I have ever boughtThere was no need to break in the shoe.I totally recommend it
 Had a similar pair I bought years ago . Tried to find similar ones but none available in UK . So looked on Amazon US & found them . What 's more they were cheaper than you would pay in the UK even allowing for postage ! They are so comfortable and easy to slip on . Great for walking , running & exercise classes .
 These are the most comfortable and nice all white shoes I have ever wore . They are most comfortable the first time you put them on right out of the box ! I hope very much they -LRB- Skechers -RRB- do n't stop making this model.You always have them in stock with quick delivery ! I LOVE THEM!KathySkechers Women 's Premium-Premix Slip-On Sneaker
 I like the style very much but I wish I would have found it in a wider width which I did find after I had already ordered them . I sent the narrow ones back but had to go directly to Skecher 's company to get them . I did find them on Amazon later . I hope the next pair I can get from Amazon .
 These sneakers are very comfortable and they are true to size . The top of the foot being held well in place by a large elastic instead of laces or velcro.I walk alot with my work and they make me feel like I 'm walking on air . High enough so they can be worn instead of boots in winter for running errands and getting in and out of the car . My only negative comment is that they are a little bulky
 I accidentally came across these shoes in a store -LRB- do n't remember where -RRB- . I bought them because I did n't want the laces . I have had mine for about 3 years now and they are getting a little worn around the toes from wear . They are still the most comfortable shoes I own ! I am now ordering my second pair . I only wear them to work -LRB- in a surgery center -RRB- and I do not wear them for anything else . I imagine that is why they have held up for so long . I do n't think they are made for rugged terrain but , they are definately made for walking on hard services . These are a great shoe for an excellent price . I would probably pay more for them . What I like the best is the wide toe box and the added support at the heel and under the ball of the foot . When they designed them , they had the walker in mind . Love them ! They also look good when wearing scrubs . I always have other people asking me what kind they are . I developed a neuroma between my toes playing tennis . While it was being treated , these were the only shoes I could wear to get the pressure off that part of the foot .
 This is my second pair of these sketcher style sneakers . I like the fact of no laces and they are easy to put on . I bought two pairs so I have another pair when the first set wears out .
 These are my third pair of Skechers slip-ons . I 'm on my feet all day as a visiting nurse and these are the most comfortable shoes I 've had in my 30 years of nursing . The arch is well supported , heel and ball of foot are well cushioned . The fit is perfect . I received them quickly and am very happy with the purchase .
 I bought these for my Mother for Christmas . She works at a gym . She loves them and says they are very comfortable . They did n't need `` breaking in . ''
 Am on my feet long hours each day . These sneakers are a winner . Easy to slip on and off . Great looking . My feet and legs are not nearly as sore after working in these . The support and cushioning are super .
 Love not having to tie shoe laces . Feel great on and they do n't pinch like some that are stretchy at the top .
 The shoes are comfortable . I am size 5.5 . The shoes are a bit tight . I should have gotten size 6 .
 I bought these sneakers for my 13 year old daughter . They were on sale for $ 50.00 in the retail stores . I paid $ 38.00 ! GO AMAZON ! These Sketchers are beautiful and very comfortable . My daughter gives them a 10 !
 AFTER SEEING THESE IN THE STORE FOR 64.99 I ALREADY KNEW I WAS INTERESTED . OF COURSE THE PRICE MADE IT EASIER TO SAY YES . NOT TO MENTION THE COMFORT OF ALL DAY USE , AND THEY LOOK GREAT WITH SCRUBS TOO . EXCELLENT BUY !
 These sneakers were for my 12 yo daughter , 2nd pair same type . They are very comfortable and fit well . Just beware they run about a half size short so order larger .
 I needed to find a pair of sneakers that were slip-on style and when I spotted these on Amazon.com I said let 's give them a try.Well , I am so glad I did . They are so comfortable and easy to get on and off.I have had several compliments about the look of the shoe when I have worn them .
 My daughter loves these sneakers , this is her third pair.These are the only shoes she will wear to work.She is a Nurse 's Aid at a hospital , and is on her feet most of the day .
 These are great shoes . No more shoe laces . They are very sturdy shoes and extremely comfortible .
 This is my second pair and I hope they are never discontinued . Along with being stylish they are very convenient to slip on and off but still fit as well as any ` tie ' sneaker .
 I Love my shoes and so did my dog . . he chewed them up so I am ordering another pair . .
 These are exactly like my last pair I purchased about 4 years ago . They fit a little tight , but they will &#34; break in &#34; I 'm sure . They feel like you are walking on sponges . I love the fact that I can slip them on without having to tie them ! Very , Very comfortable to walk in and exercise in and look &#34; fashionable &#34; enough to wear out to any event . Highly recommend these because they are very , very comfortable .
 Love them !! feel very good in them . Love the idea that I do n't have to tie them ... just slide into them ...
 I buy at least two pair of these shoes per year . I work outside and these are the most comfortable and light weight shoes for the summer heat .
 Excellent ... worked great in snow and sun alike and its compfi and stylish as well ... It also caught some eyeballs !!! great shoes and value for money !!!
 Great for walking , light weight and no strings to come untied . Very comfortable and hold up pretty good , I buy a new pair once a year .
 I love , love , love these shoes . I usually do n't like Sketchers sneakers , but these are very comfy . I was looking for a all white pair and these have great syle for being all white and I never have to tie them . Just slip them on and go ...
 This is my 4th pair of Skechers slip-ons . I love them . I 'm a nurse working in a doctor 's office . I 'm on my feet all day and these sneakers are perfect - and you never have to worry about them coming untied . When I bought my 1st pair , I was worried that they might stretch and become loose but they stayed true to form . One recommendation
 FINALLY ... a sneaker that is comfortable from day one ! I received my shoes today and put them on immediately . I had a lot of errands to run so they were put to a real test . I live in New York where you 've got to move with the flow . Well from the minute I put them on I was comfortable . First the fit was fabulous . They are true to size . Then I was on my way . I was out for 4 1/2 hours ; it was like walking on cushions . I am a heavy woman , with osteoarthritis and they gave me total support . When I got home ... no blisters ... no breaking in redness and all with no socks ! I would highly recommend these to anyone who does a lot of walking and would gladly purchase them again .
 I have had 3 pairs of these shoes and I hope they never stop making them . They have great support , they are very comfortable , and I get lots of compliments when I wear them ! Great value !!
 These are the most comfortable shoes that I have ! I work at a dental office and am on my feet a good 8 hours out of the day ! They are very light weight and the shoes continue to hold their shape . I would highly reccommended these shoes to anyone ! -LRB- Especially if you do alot of walking -RRB-
 These are the BEST pair of shoes I wear as far as comfort , style and ease of use . The only bad thing about this particular style is that it 's extremely difficult to find , especially in Size 11 !! So , I hope the company that makes these shoes -LRB- Skechers -RRB- takes note of this . YOUR CUSTOMERS NEED MORE `` Women 's Premix Sport Casual '' shoes !!
 I ordered 2 pair . One pair for work . I am a nurse on my feet all day and these shoes are great . Worth the price .
 My wife absolutely loves this Skechers `` slip on '' shoe . I have been looking for this type shoe for her for quite a while , and to find it in the Skechers brand really was a plus ! Excellent quality !
 Love these sneakers . There is never a break-in period for Sketchers . These sneakers are great to slip on and you are ready to leave . I can wear them all day in comfort . Plenty of toe room . Plenty of support . I 've had bunion surgery and these are the only shoes I can wear . I 've tried others but always come back to the Sketchers .
 I have been buying these shoes since they first came out ... A new pair every 1-2 years . My old ones are still in great shape , but not as white as they used to be ... too many muddy and dusty fields and forests . There are no laces to tie , fit is perfect . They are sooo comfortable ! I can walk in these all day without my back , legs , or feet hurting . I ca n't remember the last time I bought another brand/style of walking shoes .
 I love Skechers shoes and so I know my sizing and can buy these sight-unseen . I already haveSkechers Women 's Premium - Bright Eye Sneaker Muleand have used those almost exclusively over the last 6 months -- perfect for slipping on to take the kids to school or the dogs out and very comfortable.However , since the weather is getting more dicey -- I wanted a shoe with a closed heal but still be able to slip on and go and not mess with laces . Since these basically have the same styling only not in Mule-form , this was a no brainer . They are great for running around town in the rain -LRB- they keep your feet dry -RRB- , going for casual walks and bike rides . They have a very stable platform so your ankle is n't going to be wobbling because your foot goes this way and that within the shoe.They slide on easily but the elastic at the top of the foot -LRB- where the laces would be -RRB- means that they stay put with minimal slippage on the heal while you walk . However , if you do have a narrow heal -- these probably will give you blisters and not work well for you.Skechers are great because , for me , they last forever . They are very comfortable and just fit my foot . In addition , they look like a classic shoe -LRB- as opposed to all the wild running colors and styles that seem to dominate these days -RRB- and the cost is very affordable . -LSB- NCJAR -RSB- Everyone has different feet and there are certain brands that work best for you . For me , I know that I can pretty much count on Skechers to fit and last no matter what and I 'm very lucky !
 i love my Sketchers . They are very comfortable walking and exercising . I only have one small problem . When slipping them on , i am usually quite careful , but once I tried slipping them on without holding my fingers inside the back . The back went down under my heel a little -LRB- not entirely -RRB- and the inside back of the shoe did not come back up properly . The lining did , but there is a lump inside the heel of the left Sketcher . I can not make it come up again . they are still a great shoe.Thank you , Kay Kier5137 Albright Rd.Ontario , NY 14519315-524-9857
 These shoes are very comfortable . I love them because you can just slip them on and off . And because they are all white , they look great with anything .
 Great sneakers . They are very comfortable and they hold up and last a long time . I only buy Skechers and they never fail me . .
 Loved these shoes , fit like a glove , on my feet 12hours as a nurse and find the shoes very comfortable.would recommend to all nurses .
 Like many other healthcare workers and nurses who 've reviewed this product . I too , wear them on long days in a medical setting and they are fantastically comfortable all around and do me justice after the longest days . Plus , my coworkers have complimented them for being attractive AND not having laces to come untied -- a big plus !
 This is the second pair of Skechers slip on sneaker I have purchased . First pair I found while shopping with my daughter a long distance from home . Love them ! Wondering where I might find another pair I found them on Amazon for the cheaper price ! Love the fit and the wear ! I am a nurse and am on my feet many hours a day ... they are so comfortable I forget to take them off when i get home ! My feet do not tire wearing these . Love that I do n't have to bend down to tie either . And the fit does not stretch out to fit sloppy on my foot . At least not for along while ! Still wear my old pair for lawn work and short walks . Would/will buy again . . only wish they had more colors !!
 Good quality shoes at a fair price . My wife really likes the fit and every couple years I order a new pair for her .
 My sister luvs these shoes ! She ca n't stop talking about the comfort of her shoes ! She recommends them to all her coworkers at the hospital .
 I love these shoes for work . They are easy to clean , hold up nicely and are comfortable to wear . I work in a hospital as an xray tech and am on my feet 10 hours a day , with exposure to bodily fluids . One of the reason I love these shoes is that they have very little fabric and no shoe laces that can get yucky . They can be wiped cleaned very easily . Also love the leather , durable . Is a little stiff at first but after a couple days they mold to your feet .
 They 're SLIP-ON ! That says is all . Oh , okay , they 're comfortable , etc. , but the most important is that there are no laces and no velcro . I love them !
 I love this shoe for comfort , ease of slipping into and that they look neat with jeans . I try to keep a new pair available all the time so I will always have a pair to wear .
 This is the third pair of this style of skechers I have bought over the past 8-10 years . They are very comfortable and last a long time . I will definitely buy them again if they are still around when these wear out in a few years .
 Have purchased these before from skechers . could not get my size this time . Tried amazon got the size I wanted and they were cheaper and arrived in 3 days . Could n't be happier
 Execellent services , sizes and styles hard to find in stores . Loved them so much , I came back and bought a second pair !
 I am a Licensed Vocational Nurse currently attending a transition program to obtain my associates degree of nursing . I have been working double weekend shifts -LRB- 16hrs -RRB- at a nursing home for almost a year and realized very fast that I needed a high quality shoe to keep my feet from throbbing the five days I am off . I actually purchased a very expensive -LRB- $ 170 -RRB- pair of Nike 's that I love . However for nursing school I have to submit to a very strict white leather only shoe policy for clinical settings . I decided to buy off amazon and looked at many customer reviews before selecting this particular shoe . I liked it because visually it 's not clunky , has no shoelaces -LRB- nothing worse then dragging laces through a dirty floor or stepping on them -RRB- and seems a little more stylish than other options . My previous pair of clinical shoes -LRB- Cherokee brand -RRB- cracked and turned yellow on me pretty fast . They were also cheaply made and uncomfortable . I figured I 'd try these sketchers a try.They were worth it by far . They shipped fairly rapidly -LRB- 5 days -RRB- and came in great condition as described . I got a size six , which I was nervous about since I range from a 5 1/2 - 6 1/2 depending on the shoe . The six fits perfectly . The shoes are incredibly comfortable , so much so that I 've started wearing them to work as well to keep my other pair in better condition . My feet hardly ever get sore and I 've gotten many compliments on them . I was n't aware when I ordered them that they are my mom 's favorite style of Sketchers that she thought went out of production so she went and bought herself a pair as well . They are relatively light weight , easy breathing shoes . Love them ! Great buy for anyone who is looking for comfort or needs something that will hold up for long hours .
 I purchased these sneakers for my daughter who is a school teacher and stands on her feet all day long . She swears by them . This is the newest of the skecher line in slipon 's and she loves them . They came quite quickly and fit her snuggly but they will stretch with time . They tend to run tight to size . The wide width is great .
 These hot boots totally rock . They are not too tall , so you do n't tower over people , yet they are still high enough to make the guys turn their heads . The buckles are a classy , sexy feauture . They are comfy , too . I love them - 5 stars !!
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 my third pair of this exact model and make . Excellent quality , consistent through the years and best price/value ratio I have found in a long time .
 This is the fourth pair of Reebok Classic Nylon Running Shoes I have bought , having worn out the other three pair over the years . I wear them mostly for walking although I add an occasional jog . The shoes are comfortable , light on the foot but providing the support I seek . I walk 2-4 miles a day in them on city sidewalks and expect that this pair , like the others before it , will last me a year or so before the knobs on the soles wear out.They were delivered in timely fashion and were exactly as pictured and described .
 These are great general-purpose shoes for anyone who stands or walks a lot . It 's more a walking shoe than a running shoe as described here.They stretch a bit on the side , if you have wide feet and have difficulty finding tennis shoes to fit.Due to the suede detailing , they do n't fare well when they get wet .
 I bought a pair exactly two years ago and they are getting worn , so today I bought another pair . They obviously last a long time -LRB- I wear them both causally and to work out -RRB- , they are lightweight and stylish , and the price is great ! I 've found they are cheapest at Academy Sports .
 Excellent service , Had to exchange for size and seller was very accommodating . Would do business with them again .
 The Reebok Classic shoe is wonderfully designed and well made . I prefer the black/white version but all the color schemes work nicely with the design . I highly recommend this item as a walking or all purpose shoe .
 I love my new sneakers ! They 're great for hiking , running and just for hanging out . Very fashinable .
 Very comfortable . Own another color of the same shoe . That is how I knew the correct size and that I liked the shoe . I would n't have ordered shoes online without knowing that .
 I 've had the same pair for almost 2 years . The tread is almost gone but they still look great after cleaning them up . It is time for a new pair though . I wear them as casual shoes . You can loosen the laces up and tie a knot at each end and they look great and are very easy to slip on and off . Great buy ! I recommend them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . It almost feels like walking on air . They are very stylish , durable and COMFORTABLE ! I love them and I feel like wearing them all day . These are perfect for practically anything - work , gym , sports , etc. . Its a classic for a reason . Buy it before its gone forever .
 I 've worn Nikes all my life -LRB- with the exception to a pair of Avias I bought in 2008 -RRB- , and almost every Nike shoe I 've worn was either a cross trainer or a running shoe . I bought my first style shoe early this year , the Nike Cortez Basic Leather ' 06 . They 're OK , but I 've done a lot of walking in them , and the treads are already worn out . The shoe itself is a little stiff , being made with leather , so it 's not exactly an everyday type of shoe.I recently bought a pair of black and white Reebok Classic Nylons to replace my Nikes , and they are , by far , THE most comfortable shoe I 've ever owned . I love anything retro , and these shoes fit the bill . They are flexible , breathable , and the thick heal cushions your feet and legs as you walk or run . I 'll never switch back to Nike -LRB- unless I can get a pair of power-lacing Nike Mags from Back to the Future Part II -RRB- , so from now on , if I can get my hands on this particular shoe each year , this is what I will buy .
 Great sneaker really comfortable like walking on air anybody who has a thing for old school gear should try these .
 My husband loves this shoe - and for several years , since it was a `` dated ' style , they were very inexpensive . Now they are retro and the price is going up !! Amazon had the best price ! The fit is great , delivery was just a few days - thanks for making this transaction so easy .
 My son was as happy with this pair as he was with the other classics nylons that he has worn over the years .
 These shoes are my fav ! reebok classics are the most amazing shoes eva just took awhile to get here thats all .
 Simple - descent looking though and light weight , these were the only things I expected from this shoe and that is exactly what I got . In fact it looks much nicer than in the picture.Some things I noticed and thought should be mentioned : - It has a nice sole that gives you a bit more of height too . - I got the grey one , the blue sole seems more prominent in the picture but it is not that much in real .
 These were a bit larger than the size 9 that I ordered . It 's a good , cheap sneaker .
 My friend is very seldom seen in anything but sneakers . Some are so big and bulky and he complains he perspires in them a lot . I saw this item in Reebok and it even has breathing holes on the top . He LOVES them and says he would n't wear anything else .
 these are the best sneakers , but so hard to find in the stores ... both my husband and I have had these over the years and feel the most comfortable in them compared to other brands . When my hubbys ' birthday was rolling around he said that was all he needed , so instead of traipsing all over I just checked Amazon and there they were . . I ordered two pairs . . and they arrived in a timely fashion and of course fit well . . These also wash great ! , Just air dry and they are ready to go . .
 I do n't know why they do n't sell these in stores anymore , they 're lightweight and comfortable . The shoes out in the stores are n't like these . I 'm just glad they still make them !
 I have worn these shoes for the past 5 years , and never once have I been disappointed with the quality . I have owned at least 10 pair , and the only reason I end up buying new a pair is because they just get dirty . I even wash them repeatedly -LRB- which should shorten the life of the shoe , but does not -RRB- and they still look good . You just ca n't beat this shoe when it comes to wearing it casually , it matches everything , and is very comfortable . As long as they make these , I will continue to buy them .
 Theyre called classic for a reason . Probably my favorite shoe ever made.Need more be said ?
 I do not remenber how much time i spent looking for those shoes and finally i got them by Amazon . Shoes are very soft and comforble . I highly recommend this product .
 Have been wearing Reebok Classics for twenty years or more and ordered this pair when they were no longer available locally . They arrived two days later , and I was pleased to find the same reliable fit and comfort that has kept me buying Reeboks over the years . My initial reluctance to order a size-sensitive product online was overcome by Reebok 's tendency to remain consistent in quality and fit , and I was not disappointed . Would I order again ? You bet !
 Five.Five pairs.I bought my first pair of Reebok Classic Nylon shoes in 2005 , and they have yet to let me down . I just bought my fifth pair last week . I 've worn every pair until the soles are flat and smooth , and then I keep them around for yard work or quick trips outside . On top of that , you can wear them with just about anything . I wear them with shorts and a t-shirt or even with jeans and a button-up for a casual evening out with friends.I think five pairs speak for themselves , but if not I 'll let you know when I buy my sixth pair in a year or so .
 This is my third pair of these shoes . I 've wore them out til the tread was gone . They are a comfortable shoe and breathable material . They do n't have the greatest arch support but they are a great fit for every day use and look good . A good shoe for the price . Budget shipping from Amazon took about about 8 days to get ...
 The Classic Nylon Reebok shoes are extremely hard to find in stores . Amazon is a great site to find `` hard to get items '' .
 These shoes are so comfortable I could hit up a forest gump style running session in them.I wo n't wear anything else . Bang for the buck , these suckas are the best .
 Call me old fashioned but I like the classic look ... these `` New Age '' shoes that the younger generation are into are a bit too hideous for me.I bought a pair of the size 12 -LRB- D -RRB- M -LRB- US -RRB- for walking . They 're comfortable for the most part but seem a bit narrow , considering I bought them a 1/2 size larger than to which I 'm accustomed . I 'm still breaking them so I 'm hoping that 'll sort itself out eventually .
 Awesome shoes ! First time buying shoes online so needless to say I was a little unsure about . However I was pleasantly surprised when I received them :-RRB- Shoes were in perfectively new condition , right size , and color . This shoe due run true to size . Fast shipping too !!
 I had these shoes since I was a sophomore -LRB- 2006-2007 -RRB- in high school . And I must say , they were worth the money at the time . They were very light , perfect for running and physical exercise because of the traction . I took them with me when I went to college , only for the soles to start cracking after 5 consecutive years of wear and tear on pavement and on turf . I enjoyed them very much , and decided to get them again soon for physical training .
 Let me make it short and sweet . I pretty much know how Reeboks fit and this pair fit exactly the way I thought it would , comfortable . Damn good price too
 These are great shoes . I like them because they are comfortable , and easy to take care of . They arrived on time and were in great shape . I 'll buy these again whenever I need some new ones .
 I 've loved the classics for a long time and they are by far the most comfortable shoes I 've ever owned . Ordered the Platinum/Jet Blue and got tons of compliments on them . Look great , feel great .
 Love my reebok and it was A nice price and I like amazon so I have been on quite a bit from amazon I will continue to order from amazon
 I have used this product for the last 5 years and for the price , I always get my dollar 's worth and a quality shoe for running or casual .
 I have bought my first pair of Reebok Classic Nyon 's back in 8th grade , this was the year 2001 . I had bought a few more after that . Now they are the only show i will ever wear again.Thank You Very Much Reebok , Jeffrey M. Goldner JR
 This Item was delivered in perfect conditions in less the time I have asked for deliver . Great purchase .
 Shoes are great . 15 minutes after I ordered the shoes -LRB- literally -RRB- they went on sale , $ 5 less . I could not change my order . I would have to wait until I received them then return them . Disappointed .
 The service was very good , the product arrived as request.The product was excellent , and was sent on the date specified , and their arrival was equally efficient .
 The design is classic and the fit unmatched , with good arch support that stands the test of time . These really take a beating !
 I sort of took a gamble on these shoes because they are similar to some that I had bought in a brick and mortar store but I did n't know how similar they would fit or any of that . However , after wearing them for several days I can say that I am very pleased with the shoes as they are comfortable and are great for any activity from walking to running and everything in between .
 I plan on buying these from here on out . You ca n't beat this buy . Pretty basic shoe , sole could be softer but I 'm not complaining .
 Muy buen producto y entrega a tiempo , lo recomiendo , calidad y servicio , very good , excelente . .
 I 've purchased several pairs of these sneakers . They are comfortable , and they last at least one year , even if you wear them every day !
 I was looking for a basic &#34; all around &#34; sneaker . The shoe market has become so specialized these days that it is tough to find a basic shoe . This is durable and a good value .
 My husband loves this shoe and has been wearing the reebok brand shoes for many years . This one seems to withstand the best . Great shoe and I hope that we can always find it when we need it . Thank you
 Love the way the shoes look and feel on my feet . These shoes was my Christmas present and I 'm very happy with my purchase !
 I 've only bought Reebok for years - usually Reebok classic so these where a change . Size it right . Three more words .
 Straight from the box , i can tell they are very nice looking shoes , in a fashion sense . and when i tried it on , it felt real comfortable . so far , no flaws and and a very great buy . i bought the black ones btw.i feel i must say something bad about it , but the only thing that comes to mind is a somewhat high heel that may interfere with your running . other than that , this shoes is great , and i recommend it to anyone !
 I basically wore nothing but these shoes , when they were made by Adidas , back in the 1970 's / early 80 's . The fit and quality was great and you could really move in them . Of course , after they stopped making them and my last pair wore out I was out of luck . I 've had many other types of running/athletic shoes since , but always wished I could find some forgotten stash of that old Adidas model again . When I saw these shoes I was pretty surprised and hopeful , but when I found out Adidas owned Reebok I got excited ! I have 3 pair now and I 'm completely satisfied with them . Same fit and feel , with the added bonus of remembering good times from the past each time I wear them . If you remember these and liked them back then , do yourself a favor and get a pair . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Bought these for a trip to Italy & Croatia - worn for a long walk around the wall @ Dubrovnik and a long hike through Pompeii in high temperaturs with -0 - problems . Good arch support and built for a wide foot . My third pair of Reeboks of similar style .
 The only thing I do not do is sleep in them -LRB- well not usually -RRB- . It is very hard to find shows as light as not wearing anything . I can not stand shoes that form fit and are all fluffy and hot . I have run the gambit in color as they became available and not in my size . I used to let them ware out completely but now I use the new ones for work and the old for play and the garden . There is a pair that does not seem to want to wear out I keep hanging from the treadmill.The only thing I regret is they did not even ask what I would pay for them to be made in the U.S.I am giving serious though in having a backup pair .
 These shoes are a bit snug-fitting , but that 's usually to be expected with new ones . The color was composed of more of light-greenish shades of grey than the picture indicates . The quality seems to be very good , but that along with the corresponding fit will be indicated more clearly with the ensuing break-in . They are a cool-looking , albeit maybe a bit retro type of design ; that was actually what attracted me . They look nice
 Over the last 15 years or so , I 've owned probably 5 or 6 pairs of these , some in white , some in black , and one in blue . I keep coming back to them periodically because they are just a well-balanced , awesome shoe ! The price is always reasonable on them -LRB- usually around $ 30 -RRB- . They look good - I 'd even say they are timeless in this respect . When I buy a brand new pair , I always feel an extra spring in my step , as they feel nice and nimble . Also , as a bonus , you can throw them in the washing machine ! I ca n't say that about my beloved Adidas and Puma hi-tops . Anyway , if you 're looking for a truly classic pair of sneakers , I can definitely recommend these .
 I have been buying this model of running shoe for about 10 years and have always been very happy with them . They are lightweight and very comfortable .
 I bought these for my husband to replace and exact identical pair that he had worn out , ordered the same size , color , and everything . When they got here and he tried them on , the size was off by about 1/2 size too small . Luckily , Amazon was so wonderful as to make returning and replacing them simple as ever ! He loves his Reebok 's !
 I 'm old fashioned I guess . I ca n't stand most new tennis shoe designs , I think most are downright ugly . These Reebocks are old school design , no nonsense , just comfortable shoes . I have been buying and wearing this style Reebock for at least twenty years . I hope Reebock keeps making them for another twenty years .
 I love my Reeboks . The color is perfect . They 're super comfy . They fit me perfectly . I love the feel of them on my feet . They 're very light weight . They 're so comfy , I wear them almost 24/7 even when I 'm walking around my house in my pj 's .
 I like that are very beautiful and above all with an affordable price , I made good buy , hope to find products with similar characteristics
 I recently bought the 4th pr of classics for walking . the fit is great . colors b/w or gry look good w/all . my 3rd pr -LRB- way ovr 400 mi -RRB- & the 5th pr will be classics . used also for fishing , yard work , shopping,driv-ing ; everyday . Soon as we get our price # 5 will be ours . Confidence .
 I currently own 3 pairs of these shoes -LRB- white , black , and blue styles -RRB- . These shoes are the most comfortable thing to touch my feet . I can wear them all day long and my feet still feel good when they come off at the end of the day . They also look great and people have often given me compliments . One of my favorite things about the shoes is how easy they are to clean . Throw them in the washing machine and they come out looking like new . I have only purchased these shoes for the last 10 years and will likely continue to stick with these for their perfect styling and comfort .
 Best shoes ever ! I had a pair before and bought the exact same ones . They awesome , light and comfy . Love them !!
 After having numerous disappointments with several different New Balance walking shoes , primarily from ill-fitting , mis-sized defects , I finally found a shoe that works for my size 15 feet . I am no longer a runner -LRB- total knee replacement put that pastime out to pasture -RRB- , and was therefore unsure if this type of shoe would work for me . I am so overwhelmingly thrilled with my shipment that just arrived today -LRB- perfect fit , total comfort , plus really , REALLY nice-looking shoes ! -RRB- that I immediately went online to my Amazon account , and ORDERED ANOTHER PAIR ! These are an incredible buy for the price , easily worth two or three times the $ 42 I paid for them . As always , Amazon Totally Rocks .
 I work in a warehouse and am on my feet walking on concrete for 10 hours a day . Needless to say , at the end of the day my legs and feet are worn out.I started the job in November 2011 wearing a pair of these that I had bought in 2005 . After ten months and approximately 2000 miles of wear , the soles finally started peeling off the old shoes . After going through painful days trying other sneakers , I decided to search for another pair of these . They were at a great price , they fit just the same and I 'm very happy with them . I have wider feet -LRB- due to having an extra metatarsus bone in each foot -RRB- and find these fit well.Overall , these shoes have endured torture testing at work and I 'm very satisfied with them .
 I bought these for my son 's birthday as he said his sneakers were too heavy . When they arrived , they really are very light . I know they are marketed as running shoes , but he loves these for basketball . He and the other teenage guys get together for games and he says he can jump higher with these on . He does n't use these for anything other than basketball since he prefers a different look for the shoes he wears to school , but he loves them for sports . Will definitely order again .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am currently in Iraq I purchased this showe for my 2 year old daughter she will not see them until september when I go home .
 I purchased these for my duaghter for a wedding . These are great quality shoes at a good price . My duaghter has wide feet too and they fit her well .
 These hot boots totally rock . They are not too tall , so you do n't tower over people , yet they are still high enough to make the guys turn their heads . The buckles are a classy , sexy feauture . They are comfy , too . I love them - 5 stars !!
 I bought this bag to keep all my things in it while movingI really like it although it was a bit bigger than what I estimated , even though , I LOVE it and it looks amazing :--RRB- Go for it
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 The shoe runs true to size length wise , but it does seem to be a little narrow . It is comfortable , and the heel is sturdy .
 I really like this shoe , I have it in red . It fit true to size on me and I like the height of the heel , easy to wear all day . They were very slick on the sole since it 's not a rubber sole . I just rubbed them a little on the driveway concrete and they were fine .
 These shoes are great ! After reading a previous reviewer who said they were slippery and too big , I hesitated to buy these . I agree that the sole is a little slippery on carpet , but it 's nothing that ca n't be fixed with a little scuffing . They fit perfectly - I range between a 7.5 to 8 , and I ordered 8 's and they are fine . The heel height is perfect and makes it a very comfy shoe . I highly recommend !
 Just as flawless as the skateboarder behind these shoes , the white Appleyard Rewire 's take the prize for best looking white tennies . You do n't know a good looking shoe till you see it and these just got it . Keep 'em clean boys . The Lugz Birdman 's and Adidas Superstar series are great white shoes also . Gangsta .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I 'm on my feet most of the time while at work . These clogs are just wonderful . Rounded at the toes , so they do n't pinch . Great arch support .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I bought these shoes for my Dad and he called just to tell me that they are so comfortable . His says the leathter is soft and they are well made . That made me happy . These shoes are a great find - good quality at a low price ! Thank you .
 I 've had several compliments on these shoes since I purchased them . They are stylish and comfortable . The color is more of a pale navy , so if you 're looking for a true navy blue , these are n't for you .
 These shoes are great . It was time for me to change my wheels , my old ones were really wearing out . I ca n't stop running .
 the adidas supernova cushion shoes are the only ones that don , t hurt my feet after walking 4 or 5 miles
 The sandals are beautiful and well crafted , with a moderate 3-inch heel and a subtle snake-skin texture . Unfortunately , the gold was a bit more vibrant than I had in mind , which made the sandals more appropriate for evening . -LRB- I had hoped for day sandals . -RRB- I 'd highly recommend these for someone looking for a versatile pair of evening sandals for summer .
 This is perhaps the most comfortable loafers I own and the leather is beautiful and supple . Magli have similar models with a rubber sole , but I opted for the leather sole as it lasts much longer.I have a small rotation of dress shoes as I need to wear a suit to work . However , these loafers -LRB- I own them in black and brown -RRB- see the most wear of my rotation of 8 shoes . When I am in a rush in the morning , I often find myself just slipping them on and running out the door .
 Beautiful , comfortable Bruno Magli Remiglio shoes . Great price , and fast shipping too ! You ca n't go wrong with this one !!
 these magli 's were the culmination of a mini-quest ... to find the perfect loafers for under $ 200 . in the process i tried on bally 's , tod 's , ferrgamo , testoni -LRB- some of these over the budget of course -RRB- . i tried 3 pairs from zappos 's -LRB- good of them to take back stuff for a year , or i 'd have bought 3 pairs ! -RRB- and a couple from bluefly , and also made the odd grudging trip to the mall . my feet are actually 12.5 , D width on the right foot , E on the left , so it 's impossible to get the right fit . well almost . the magli 13E fits me best under the circumstances . these magli 's -LRB- i have 2 other pairs of maglis -RRB- , and have found the magli calf leather i find to be supple enough that it 's comfortable on day one , but resilient enough for at least one re-soling . this pair does n't disappoint on this count . the color is a wonderful mocha brown , not too dark , not too tan , so it 'll go well with spring/summer and fall/winter outfits . the shape is a blend of comtemporary and classic , with slightly squared off toe box , and a classic taper . so you can wear it with a classic suit and instantly feel ready for that important client meeting , as well as with a more everyday contemporary office get-up -LRB- flat front chinos & double-cuff shirt -RRB- , and instantly feel ready for that budget fight ! as usual i 've added ant-skid pads to the soles , and they make a big difference if you walk a lot on hard floors - and for lengthening the life of the sole . after about 30 days of intermittent use , i have to say , i 've gotten more comments about these shoes than any other in my recent memory . when the ladies at the office see a guy wearing cool , clean shoes , i swear the consideration you get goes up a few notches . so do yourself a favor - get your shoes shined weekly - and pick up a pair of these maglis .
 I wear these to work and nobody seems to notice they are sneakers . They do get noticed , however.I have been told they are major high-style urban footwear . They have a nice diamond-plate texture , and are very glossy.I like them because they are warm , comfy and waterproof . OK , I like how they look . The only drawback is they can be scuffed easily and I have n't found a way to shine them back up .
 I have abandoned those long spiked heels and pumps and migrated to shoes that are kind to my feet . Being flat footed , it is important that I wear the right kind of shoes . I have tried Clarkes , Mephistoe , Eco , Birkenstock and many other brands and spent a pretty packet on each one of these shoes . I have been a happy camper ever since I discovered Josef Seibel 's Eliza slide . This is good footwear and provides you with lots of padding and cushioning for your feet . I paid quite a bit for mine and the price at which it is being sold here is a good bargain . Besides being comfortable , they also look nice on your feet . If you are looking for well-made , comfortable shoes you might want to slip into a Seibel creation and take it for a walk .
 I received my shoes very quickly and was extremely pleased ! Being accustomed to wearing other Seibels and European shoes , I had very high expectations and was not in the least bit disappointed . They are very stylish , comfortable , and well made -- consistent with the quality one would expect . I will admit that I thought they ran a tiny bit on the small side . I typically wear a 7-1/2 or 8 so I always buy a size 39 European because my feet are a little wide . These fit fine , but if you are closer to an 8-1/2 , you may consider the next size up unless you are positive of your size or have a narrower foot than I.
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These pouches are awesome . If the big pouch was a cat hair deeper you could easily fit 5-6 pMags side by side easy . But as is it still fits 3 Pmags with plenty of space . A fourth mag fits fairly awkward thats why i say 3 . But if your just putting loose ammo its great . I had 2 separate doubled up zip lock sandwich bags with 70 rifle rounds in each -LRB- 140 total -RRB- and they fit easily/comfortably . Great buy i need more .
 I bought this pouch for my GPS and it was actually a little on the large side so I set it aside . When I received a Kindle Fire as a gift I wanted a pouch to throw in my laptop case to keep a charger and cable as well as the Kindle . This pouch works well . The only improvement would be to have some way to attach a strap to the top of the pouch . My Kindle is in a slim leather case and it fits the larger pouch perfectly . With a thicker Kindle case it will be a snug fit .
 Nice heavy duty canvas , heavy stitching , good hardware . Can hold 4 30 round .223 magazines in large pocket and loose shells in small pocket . Nice belt loop . Reminds me of my Vietnam Era gear . I am going to try and post pictures . Recommended .
 Good for the range in particular for small mags like a 22LR or 30cal stripper clips . Hey its a bag what else can we say ?
 It does the job . I wish I found one that could be quicker and easier to put on and off my belt . Probably if I spent more money I could get what I want and I may do just that . I 'm in no hurry and this pouch does okay for now .
 This good quality pouch is a useful addition to my range kit for holding loose ammo and small accessories . The two pockets are accessed through flaps that are secured with metal twist locks , which makes it unlikely anything will easily fall out if properly closed . The larger pocket is big enough for several hundred rounds of .22 and I can easily get my whole hand into it to reach all the way to the bottom . The smaller front pocket is good for holding my multi-tool , ear plugs , and other useful items . The belt loop is well stitched and large enough to fit on my thick belt.Recommended!CFH
 This a very sturdy pouch with heavy duty closures . It is thick material , well sewed , with heavy hardware . It works well & will likely outlast me . It is very satisfyingly made , like stuff used to be.Great price too .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas . It 's very durable , much higher quality than I expected . It can hold a full load of ammo with no trouble . It has attachments at the back to hook onto belts , which my husband loves.We 're so satisfied with this product , we plan to buy at least two more for the future . We go out shooting a lot and these are very handy . : -RRB-
 Not sure why this is in the toy category . I bought this for something unconventional . I purchased this for my Diabetic and Asthma supplies I need when I leave the house . Before I had to put them in a zip lock bag . Now I just put them all in the pouch and it fits perfectly in my pocketbook . Even though you get a case for your glucometer . I still needed a place to put my pen and the pen top needles . This way everything is in one place.Going to buy some more for my camera 's . Much better price and has the extra pocket to put batteries and memory cards in .
 I got this belt for my son ... It works fine and has lots of length flexibility . He 's in Boy Scouts and it is very much like his scout belt .
 big enough to hold a few Romanian PSL mags and a field cleaning kit . I like these pouches , they 're comfortable .
 I use these pouches to hold loose 9mm ammo when I go to the range . The front pocket holds about 50 9mm rounds easily , and the bigger pocket can easily hold a few hundred loose rounds . I 've bought many of these because they are made very nicely and are useful for anyone who shoots guns . I would recommend these to anyoneEdit : Since my original purchase I have ordered a few more of these for hiking trips . Perfect for use as an individual first-aid pack . I love these pouches ... Best I 've come across for the price !
 works well for my 410 ammo , i run a cattle ranch and needed a way to keep extra shots on hand , this does the job well
 I bought 3 . I use one to keep my wallet , coin bag , yawara stick , flashlight and cell phone in and the other for my .38 special and ammo , and got one for a spare . Very well stitched , although one of the clasps seems to have been missed when they were painting them so it might rust a bit , but nothing serious . They look like they 'll last a long time .
 Love this ! You can use it as the two pouch , or cut off the top and sew up the bottom and use that as one pouch , then sew up the other one and use it as another ! This one is exactly what I needed ! A + + + +
 This is one great little bag . Not going to use it for ammo - but it is a nice bag for small items .
 This product is fantastic.I work for an inventory company and needed a pouch that was sturdy and would protect my cell phone and other supplies . this pouch is perfect . it fits snug against my body so there is no twisting and turning or a constant banging against my leg , like my last pouch.The material is of fine quality and i know i wo n't have to worry about this pouch shedding threads left and right.now i do n't use this for the usual gun and ammo pouch and i am sure that it works well with that , after all that is what it is designed for . but if you hike , bike , or anything outdoors , this pouch will withstand the rigors of the outdoor life . and not to mention it is useful for the rigors of indoors as well .
 Great for loose .22 cal ammo . Room to hold Ruger 10 round magazines . Ammo fits perfectly , pouch can be attached to your belt to take with you on plinking trips .
 This ammo pouch is great for several uses ! I also use it to CCW . It will hold my
 This is the perfect size if you are wanting a smaller bag to attach to your belt for those few things you want to get at all the time . I always carry a purse , but for those few occassions , especially on a hike , I do n't want to carry one so this fits the bill perfectly ! I can carry a small flashlight , fire starter , cell phone , and couple more items and not have my hands tied up with a purse . Remember , it is not large , but good for the few small things ... I love it and it seems very durable to me !
 The ammo pouches arrived exactly as pictured . The material looks sturdy , the stitching seems to be good quality . I bought 1 black / 1 olive drab . The colors are as depicted on the site . The lock mechanisms for the pouches are easy to open and close . I intend to use them as mini storage pouches for a phone , earbuds , and other small items . The belt loop by which they attach to clothing is positioned low on the back of the pouch , instead of along the top seam , causing the pouch to stick up above the waistline of pants when worn . This may be desirable for ammo , but not for my purposes , so I am un-stitching it and re-sewing the belt loop higher . Also , I am adding either velcro or snaps to the belt loop for ease of attaching or removing , as I notice I will commonly but my belt in my pants before I remember to attach the pouch , or at some point in the day I want to remove the pouch without taking my belt off . All in all , I recommend it . If the picture looks like what you 're looking for , what you see is what you get .
 These pouches take YEARS to wear out . They hold their shape , and can take much more weight than the new nylon ones . The metal clips hold much better than the new plastic ones as well . I have used these pouches for over 15 years now , and am only replacing mine because I gave someone else my old ones .
 I bought this pouch to carry my PSK -LRB- personal survival kit -RRB- for when I 'm out hiking , etc. . My PSK is 7 '' x 4 '' x 1-1/2 '' in a plastic pouch and easily slips inside the main compartment of this pouch with room leftover for even more gear . The belt loop on the back will accommodate a 2 '' belt . The material seems durable . My only concern is the latching system - on the old true military ammo pouches the latches were metal but on the pouch I purchased the latches are plastic . They do seem heavy duty and I 've had no problems so far .
 Survived geology field camp in the desert for 4 weeks carrying my pocket field book , pen , and occasional rock sample . Not a rip or tear anywhere.Awesome pouch at a great price !
 This &#34; Ammo &#34; pouch is much larger than I expected . I ordered it not for ammo but to attach to my back pack and put a CB radio and batteries in the front pouch . I still have extra room and my CB is &#34; Old School &#34; large . I 've learneds from the past to not leave batteries in the CB . Also I tape the batteries together with the polarity the same to prevent corrosion.As soon as it arrived -LRB- Early -RRB- I ordered another one for my Scanner , Portable Radio , and NOAA weather radio . And there 's still room for a flashlight , compass , and Cell phone . With the exception of the CB all of these items are miniature and work like a charm out in the desert . I would highly recommend this item .
 THIS IS THE SECOND TIME THAT I HAVE PURCHASED MULTIPLE ROTHCO 2-POCKET AMMO POUCHES . I HAVE NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH THEM , NOR HAVE I FOUND ANY THAT WERE MADE AS WELL AS THESE . THE PRICE CA N'T BE BEAT . I USE THEM FOR THE RANGE AS WELL PUTTING IT ON MY BELT TO CARRY MY S&W 357 MAGS , 9MM DERINGERS , ECT . OR WHATEVER ELSE I MIGHT NEED . PLENTY OF ROOM FOR THE THINGS THAT YOU NEED IF SOMETHING ARISES .
 I ordered this in black , it is very rugged and well put together . I have my doubts about the pouch clasps being efficient in combat , however I bought this with the idea of carrying a wallet , cigarettes , leatherman , etc The pouch is nice sized and the loop on back is big and well secured . I would highly recommend this product for non-combat use .
 Front for loose .22 lr jhp , back for loose .9 mm FMJ w / room for 2 .9 mm HP ammo wallet -LRB- 18 + round capacity -RRB- . Thick molle strap & god latches . Seems to be holding up quite well , if anything changes , I 'll update this review .
 Small pouch on the front could be a little bigger . Also should be a little more thick . Otherwise good product I like it .
 At first I was very hesitant about buying this product , was n't quite sure how many bullets it would hold or what it would be like once I filled it . The pouch turned out to be the cheapest and best thing to carry my ammo in . The pouch holds about 300 - 400 rounds and fits well in my range bag with no spilled ammo . I have already told my friends this is a great pouch to have , not only for ammo .
 This product was larger then I originally though and is only slightly smaller then a shot shell bag . The build and stitching look to be military grade , and seems impervious to standard abuse . I have used the pouch for ammo storage but it is endless in its uses for everything from carrying ammo and binoculars to a pocket to stuff my snacks in while on the trail . A great rugged inexpensive well made product
 I 've your looking for a belt pouch for hunting , hiking , or what ever hobby you 'll use them for , these are perfect . Shipping was quick and the price is right .
 I bought this pouch to hold my mags for airsofting and it was alright ... The large pocket had enough room for one of my rifle mags but I had trouble fitting 2 in the large pouch.So either it had to be bigger or I had to get smaller mags . . And the smaller pouch is really small.Expect to only fit in your pistol mags or speed loaders in there.It has a nice opening mechanism and lock switch so that was nice .
 I bought this looking for something to keep my .22 rounds in one place . I opened up the box today and was surprised at the size , so of course the first thing I did was start shoving boxes of ammo into it ! It can fit a box of 550rd .22 s as well as an additional 5 little boxes of .22 's AND still close . That 's just he main compartment ! Stitching is good , belt loops are good , the clasps are good for now . Even if they do break , I 've still got something to keep my .22 ammo in one place .
 This is perfect for what I needed . I have a Circuit Judge and wanted something that would carry my .45 LC and .410 shells separated . This is a good solution . It appears to be well made and rugged . Might buy a few more to carry other items in .
 Better than a fanny pack . It 's smaller , flatter , and rides great on the side of your waist . Can use it for much more than ammo ! Carried my tactical flashlight , wallet , phone , small digital camera , and a tin of tobacco no problem . It 's not bulky and is priced right . May try to waterproof it as its canvas and that would make it perfect . .
 Strong canvas material is perfect for ammo . Holds about 15-20 loaded stripper clips in the large pouch , and can hold all the empty stripper clips in the smaller front pocket . It can also hold about 20 shotgun shells as well -LRB- not with the stripper clips at the same time , of course -RRB- . I 'm planning getting another one !
 This pouch is made of very durable material and looks to be put together well . The fasteners are heavy duty and open and close easily . I bought it to carry a little camp stove and utensils and it works great .
 I bought this pouch for my son for an army costume . He loves it so much that he uses it on an every day basis to carry a few essentials . He can wear it on his belt , so it is super convenient .
 This Rothco 2-Pocket Ammo Pouch is the beast I deal for hunting , fishing , trapping , or survival etc. the bag is way bigger than expected . I can hold ammo My survival kit and a lil bit of anything . this bag is bullet proof . what I a mean by that is it is very and I mean very well built this bag will last me a life time . it is made out of heavy duty cotton 1005 cotton . The ammo pouch also has a belt latch in the back , and that wont come off , because of its well sewn into the pouch . One thing I do n't like about the product is how the flaps are kept locked down but hey it works !
 This is a fantastic pouch at an amazing price . It 's large enough to hold a fair amount of gear , and is made of durable canvas . The metal `` buckles '' latch closed .
 Nice heavy material should last a long time . Good value for the money . Would not hesitate to purchase more when needed .
 These shoes are fantastic for weightlifting . I squat over 400 Lbs . and was using cross training shoes - really good shoes but the stability in these versus my Corss trainers was incredible - and these were a lot cheaper . I would recommend them to anyone doing serious weight lifting
 High-tops , low-tops , knee-highs , slip-ons , purple , black , swede , brown AC/DC , unicorns , pandas flames , cupcakes , glitter , ... you name it . Converse all star probably has it on a shoe . Converse all stars , AKA Chuck Taylors , are probably , by far one of the greatest shoes ever known . they originally started out as basket balls shoes . created by , Marquis Mills Converse in 1908 . They originally were thought to go down the drain but n time became one of the coolest shoes made available . Converse are affordable , comftorble shoes . they cpme in many varieties , even though they originally started as black and white high top sneakers . Now you can buy them with design , in all kinds of colors . You lcan even visit . -LSB- ... -RSB- and make and order your own custom converse . Converse apply yoo boys and girls intrest , they can be worn everywhere and they last a really long time . they match almost every outfit . may it be fancy or dressed down . so if your looking for cheap , comftorble affordable shoes , that can be classic and cool or funky and your own style , converse are deffenitly somthing you wan na look into .
 I always liked the way they looked , but thought they were too expensive for the simplicity.Mind , living here in New Mexico is realy hot so after looking for some fresh shoes I finally decided to give these Converse a shot.Pleasently suprised as I was , these things actually are as comfy as everyone always says . Not too much ankle support unless you lace them up tight though . But I found they can be evrything you want them to be . For support , lace them tight . For more comfort and ventilation , lace them loose . On top of that they fit with every pair of pants , even dress pants.My feet are not hot anymore and walking has become more enjoyable .
 There 's nothing more classic than a black and white pair of chuck high tops . I 've worn them since I was a kid and I 'm not about to stop now.I buy a pair every few years and wear them until they are literally falling apart around my feet.As much as I love the look of a brand new clean pair of chucks , I also have a special place in my heart for a beaten , battered , torn up , scribbled on , dirty , scuffed up pair . It 's all part of the life cycle of a pair of Chuck Taylors.The basic colors also hold a special place in my heart . I ca n't walk into journey 's anymore because all the shoes in there look like a clown took acid and threw up all over the place . Who can sell me shoes that do n't make me look an a-hole ? I 'll stick to the classics.I gave a 4 star review , however , because it upsets me that these shoes have become so expensive . They ca n't possibly cost anywhere near that much to make . There 's not much to them and that 's what I like .
 Thank you , Jamie Hyneman of MythBusters , for giving me the idea to get these shoes . I know yours are red and mine are the `` radioactive '' print , but mine cost $ 3.49 at Ross . Give the second assist to British actor/comic Stephen Fry.These are so different than any of my previous shoes , which always had a lot of padding . These have just a bit in the sole . I wo n't be doing exercise in them but they are definitely comfortable and distinctive for casual wear .
 These shoes were too big for a woman size 10 feet . So I sold it on Ebay , but they were a nice bright color .
 I honestly can not say enough about these wonderful shoes . They stay on my twins feet easily but snugly , and because they are made with premium leather , my babies feet stay dry even on the most humid of days.I own Robeez , Pedipeds , etc. . . and I must say , these shoes are a much better value and also are far more durable . Try them !
 These are the most comfortable slippers I have ever owned . They were a perfect fit for me . They support my feet and are so soft and comfy .
 They were very nice slippers but I did n't need two pair . And they were too wide for me .
 Tender Tootsies are the best slippers I have had . I just wish that you did n't have to buy two pairs or , if you do , you could get two different colors . If it were n't for that , I would give them five stars . That 's not Amazon 's fault though . They are sold that way everywhere . My slippers were delivered as expected .
 problems with high arch ? This shoe is designed for support and stability . Almost high enough for my very high arch . Great heal support counters tendancy to pronate in or out . Several tighter heal lacing mechanism . Flex plastic waffle support sandwiched between multiple density foam for good cushion and great stability . Just enough front flex to run well without too much flex to painful high arch . Amamzingly long lasting soft , high carbon rubber on 50 % sole and rest covered in very grippy yet lasting foam . I thought I 'd burn right thru the 3mm + tread carbon but 1000mi later it 2mm tread is blown thru on highest wear portionsOn thrid pair . Each time suprised how long it been when it 's time to buy a new pair because the body has started to break down .
 These are so cute . It 's hard to find a flip-flop with a heel for my 5 year 's very small foot - but these were too small even for her . She wears a 8 or 9 in shoes , but her heel hung off the back of these . Disappointing since I ca n't find them in a different size -LRB- or color -RRB- on Amazon .
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I purhcased these for my wife last year for X-mas . She was hesitant to wear them at first , because they were clogs and she needed to find the right socks to wear with them so they would not slip . She has now found the right socks and wears these clogs all the time . Very nice looking , not too over the top with appearance , very wearable to almost any occasion .
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 First of all the shoes are exelent as a shoes . I can say that this idea is also cool because is very easy to do up my shoes :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 This shoes are great in every single way and you can run practically light speed with them !!!!! Great shoes from Adidas !
 These are the most comfortable soccer shoe I have ever had . I can really feel the ball while I am playing and they are so light . They were worth the money .
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 So say , you 're fresh out of college , and the only job you can get is fast food or retail . And it requires you to have all black shoes . Well , there you go !! Get a pair of these spiffy Reebok Classic slip-ons in black . They 're comfortable enough to endure chasing customers on a hard concrete floor for at least a break-less eight hour shift , and , personally , I have bought about eight pairs of these , and plan on continuing to buy them for as long as I can find them .
 I love Crocs . They are so comfortable and it 's like wearing no shoes at all ! Add burnt orange and a longhorn and these are the BEST shoes ever ! I 've had several compliments . I 'm a teacher and several students have asked me where I got them ! I LOVE THESE SHOES !
 Just like any other Crocs , but the colors and logo are my alma mater . Same comfortable fit with just that special something so that I can call them my own .
 item returned as too small . sizes are too limited to waste my time with.either restock or get rid of the item
 EXCELLENT PURCHASE IS REALLY A PRODUCT QUALITY , SAME AS PUBLISHED IN THE PHOTO AND GREAT PRICE . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED . It was very good buy .
 We 're Trojan fans and were thrilled to see these SC crocs for a bargain price . Everyone loves the bright colors.They have most of the big universities . Lots of fun to wear .
 They do n't make these college themed Crocs any more , so when I find themI buy them . They are great easy and comfortable shoes . No need for socks -- slip them on and off you go !! If you find them in your size and with your teamgobble em up -- you wo n't be sorry !!
 Just what I was looking for . Perfect fit -LRB- since there are no half sizes , buyer needs to go down to next full size -RRB- . E.g. , If you are an 11 1/2 , you need to order the 11 .
 I ordered these for a scout backpacking trip , they are lightweight , and comfortable . I never thought I would wear these besides the trip , but I found myself wearing them around the house , they are very comfortable .
 I use these for gardening . Comfortable and easy to wash . Fit is true to size .
 I love my Carolina Crocs ! I live in Nairobi , Kenya , and they are the talk of our campus ! It 's great to be able to support the Tar Heels from head to toe , literally!I am wondering , however , about the return policy . I was not credited with a full refund for the pair of shoes that I returned , and I am curious as to why that is . I am grateful for any refund , but was just wondering why only a partial one.Thanks for the great product!Lisa Orr
 We love are UNC CROCS . DELIVRY WAS FAST , WE EVEN HAD TO EXCHANGE FOR SIZE AND STILL HAD VERY FAST . /
 I gave this to my wife whom went to The Ohio State and was very happy to receive the Ohio State Crocs . They were received in a timely manner and was well represented .
 My Aunt Mary loves this shoe . She has been wearing the pair she has for so long that they are `` taped '' together . She has searched everywhere to try and get a `` new '' pair . Finding them to order for her has made her so happy . I bought both the white and black and sent them to her for Christmas . Now she can bronze the old pair !! THANKSSandy
 This is the second pair of Wolverine ` DuraShock '' boots that I 've owned . Straight out of the box they fit like a glove . I wore them to work and was standing and walking around for 10 hours the first day and my feet and legs felt great . On hard surfaces like concrete the boots feel a little ` bouncy ' like you 're walking on a partially inflated balloon but if you 're outdoors it is n't noticeable.These are by far the most comfortable work boots that I have ever worn . They are high quality , wear very well and are ruggedly built.They are a little more expensive to purchase than other brands but the comfort level is well worth the extra cost . If at the end of a work day you end up with sore feet and aching legs from wearing a cheaper pair of boots , have you saved anything?I found the best price on Amazon and as usual the ordering and shipping was fast and easy.P.S . I do n't understand the pic of the computer tower instead of the boots ... this is their site you know .
 I have owned my last pair for over 5 years . Working in them every day , from Summer to Winter . Best damn boots I have ever owned , bar none . I wish I could post a pic of them , the soles have little traction left , but the boots are still comfortable , soft , warm , and could be made to look like new . I install garage doors with them , mine are steel toed . I use the tow to rest the door on when the spring is broken to get a grip on the door to lift it up . Anywho , if you get the right size , you will like this boot . Alot . For many years .
 On my 5th pair of this particular style of wolverine boots . Best ones yet , been wearing wolverines for 25 years , and have never had a complaint . This model is just particularly good .
 this is about the fifth pair of these boots i have bought tried others no comparison fit great right out the box . on my feet 10 hours a day very comfortable and warm they wear pretty good and stay waterproof also .
 These boots are great the only problem i did have is the laces were different sizes . I measured them and the one boot had 46 &#34; laces and the other had 60 &#34; but seeing as how laces are like 3 dollars I ca n't complain to much i just bought a 52 &#34; laces and they work fine .
 fantastic boot.couldnt see spending top dollar for another pair of redwings.excellent boot especially for the money.couldnt be happier with these
 These boots will last for years ... I bought these for my sons Christmas present cause mine are the same and I buy new every 5 years ... I just pored 11 yards of concrete and walked thru it . I had to only hose off . . got a little dirt inside but they fit and wear great !!
 I ordered for my husband who had worn another style of Wolverine boot . This boot fit true to size . He said great boot to wear to prevent sliding on slick floors . Very comfortable !
 The size ran true . Great if you have wide feet . Great boots . Not meant for really cold temperature . Good for work .
 Great boot ! Have held up to spraying pesticide 's Monday through Friday Very well !! I would buy this boot again ! They still look new after nearly a year of use .
 Excellent boots ! These are high quality , comfortable , and wear very well . Most comfortable boots I 've ever owned ! Was kinda skeptical about these boots at first , costing around $ 150 -LRB- should have checked amazon before purchasing in stores -RRB- But well worth the price . I am a construction laborer and on my feet 8-10 hours a day and these make my feet comfy , no aches after work , the shock absorbers technology work very well . I was not a fan of wolverine boots , but not i am ! Love em !
 I love these shoes ! They are very flexible which is a must for toddler feet and they are SO easy to put on . . which is a bonus for parents ! And oh how cute they are ! We have any problems with quality . . they are holding up great ! Highly recommend !
 My son LOVES his See Kai Run shoes . I bought them when he started walking because I wanted something soft but durable . These are the shoes !!! I ca n't find them anywhere here in Germany but bought them and had my mom ship them over ... and I 'm so happy I did !!! We have had NO problems with scuffing or any quality issues . And our little man is TOUGH!They 've held up beautifully in rain , snow , sun ...
 This is the softest `` real '' shoes I have found for a toddler ! I ususally only buy Robeez for my little guys , but I wanted a shoe that could be worn at the park or on wet ground . This shoe is the best ! My son literally started walking the weekend I put him in these shoes . I had him in Stride Rite 's classic white walkers , but they hurt his ankles . I am planning on buying this brand until he outgrows them ! I only wish they made them in larger sizes for my 3 year old .
 I have been running on top of the line New Balance for over 15 years . I 'm overweight and pronated . As a 50 + year-old runner , I 'm more interested in running tomorrow than if I got a personal best today . New Balance minimizes my injuries better than the other four top shoes I 've tried from four other brands .
 I have been running in the top of line New Balance for over ten years and have bought every top brand running shoe to try to compare . Even though they are overpriced - still best shoe on market - especially for those with injury or pronation problems as I have .
 I have a heavy gait , and a wide foot . These shoes fit perfectly , and they last . I just retired one pair after 400 miles -LRB- compared to the typical 185 miles I got on the NB 991 -RRB- . I could n't disagree more with the first reviewer . I think these shoes are great .
 This is an excelent shoe for running in and , being in the military I do quite a bit of running . I have found this shoe to have great shock absobtion like most new balance shoes but , this one is better than most . I would recomend this shoe to any avid runners out there I only wish it cam in more colors .
 Middle-aged , Fat Guy Running With Stress Fractures , Calcium Deposits , Shin Splints & Bone Spurs -LRB- Not a pretty sight -RRB-
 I purchased these navy Nunn Bush shoes for my husband and they are perfect . They fit well and we like the color , a little variety from the usual brown or black .
 I bought these for my high school aged son who loves them . They are dressy enough for his uniform and more comfortable than oxfords .
 Some of the 3 star reviews on these shoes imply mediocrity . I do n't think that is the case . They are very comfortable and appear to be of very good quality . Now if you want to pay $ 70 or more for Sperry , Sebago , or Rockport , be my guest . But I think these shoes will last just as long . As for the shoe strings , I would rather have these than the leather types which are always coming undone , and they are long enough for those who like to double-tie them . You can easily get in and out of these shoes like loafers , so leaving them permanently tied is not a problem . I never much liked Nunn Bush shoes before I bought this pair . They never seemed to fit me right . But these do . They are true to size .
 Excellent fit , stylish and most of all very comfortable/supportive ! . Also the build seems like they were hand crafted and will last a long time
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 My Aunt Mary loves this shoe . She has been wearing the pair she has for so long that they are `` taped '' together . She has searched everywhere to try and get a `` new '' pair . Finding them to order for her has made her so happy . I bought both the white and black and sent them to her for Christmas . Now she can bronze the old pair !! THANKSSandy
 My Aunt Mary loves this shoe . She has been wearing the pair she has for so long that they are `` taped '' together . She has searched everywhere to try and get a `` new '' pair . Finding them to order for her has made her so happy . I bought both the white and black and sent them to her for Christmas . Now she can bronze the old pair !! THANKSSandy
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I have been running on top of the line New Balance for over 15 years . I 'm overweight and pronated . As a 50 + year-old runner , I 'm more interested in running tomorrow than if I got a personal best today . New Balance minimizes my injuries better than the other four top shoes I 've tried from four other brands .
 I have been running in the top of line New Balance for over ten years and have bought every top brand running shoe to try to compare . Even though they are overpriced - still best shoe on market - especially for those with injury or pronation problems as I have .
 I have a heavy gait , and a wide foot . These shoes fit perfectly , and they last . I just retired one pair after 400 miles -LRB- compared to the typical 185 miles I got on the NB 991 -RRB- . I could n't disagree more with the first reviewer . I think these shoes are great .
 This is an excelent shoe for running in and , being in the military I do quite a bit of running . I have found this shoe to have great shock absobtion like most new balance shoes but , this one is better than most . I would recomend this shoe to any avid runners out there I only wish it cam in more colors .
 Middle-aged , Fat Guy Running With Stress Fractures , Calcium Deposits , Shin Splints & Bone Spurs -LRB- Not a pretty sight -RRB-
 Most Bruno Magli shoes are made from Nappa leather , which is created from -LRB- in the case of the Maioco at least -RRB- goat skin , yielding a softer and more supple upper than is possible with calf leather . The result is certainly the most comfortable dress shoe I 've ever worn , and possibly that you 'll ever wear . The vamp of the shoe is high enough to comfortably accommodate a dress-length orthotic.Style-wise , these are simply gorgeous shoes , just like what you 'd see in the pages of GQ or on the runways of Europe 's fashion capitals . The slightly tapered toe lends a slenderer silhouette , which is stylish without being trendy - still conservative enough for even the most straitlaced office environments . The stitching on the bottom of the shoe is concealed in a special channel , a hallmark of fine shoe construction which results in a cleaner , more polished appearance . The Maioco , simply put , looks rich , and will doubtless elevate any outfit to a higher level .
 They were too expensive for me to even consider purchasing but after actually trying by an accident , my perception completely changed . The three dimensional construction supports entire feet of mine like custom handmade shoes . Before , wearing dress shoes was nothing but a torture but pain no more . They are even more comfortable than many sneakers.In fact these are even more comfortable than Rockport walking shoes ! It was a nice surprise ! Not like electronics gears like digital cameras or PCs , all men can wear them for a long , long , time . The comfort will pay you back and great classy look is bonus . If you have had pain wearing dress shoes , please just give it a try ! They have all the widths . Choose the right width !
 a splurge for me , for the most comfortable dress shoes i 've ever worn . fit just as well as they did in the store . 395 at nordstrom , 231 at amazon . Not a hard decision . shipped right away , had 'em in 3 days . would do it again in a second .
 Just got a pair and they 're beautiful , well crafted , and very comfortable -LRB- for dress shoes at least -RRB- . Just know they run a size small . I tried them on at Nordstrom in my normal 11 but it turns out the 10 fit much better .
 I discovered these shoes at Nordstroms . Actually , I 'm so embarassed to say this ... I actually BOUGHT these shoes at Nordstrom . I told them to ship it to me since the only pair they had in stock was a pair that was scratched up ... I paid $ 462.19 -LRB- including tax -RRB- . I came home , went to amazon.com and after signing up at the `` Amazon Shoe Store '' I recevied a 20 % off coupon ... and the shoes were in stock , and delivered to my doorstep , in PRISTINE condition , for $ 339 ! I SAVED OVER $ 120 !!!!! AND they are BY FAR the most comfortable shoes ever !! No need to break them in since I believe they 're calfskin -LRB- ULTRA-soft -RRB- leather !! LOVE these shoes !! Thanks AMAZON !! I had to call Nordstrom , and tell the salesman to cancel my order : - -LRB-
 This is a great shoe ! I own hundreds of shoes , but these are one of the best pair . They are extremely comfortable . Looks awesome with suits . I get complemented everytime I wear them . Bruno Magli makes a very soft , but durable leather . The shoe is pricey , but worth it if you wear alot of suits .
 I have been running on top of the line New Balance for over 15 years . I 'm overweight and pronated . As a 50 + year-old runner , I 'm more interested in running tomorrow than if I got a personal best today . New Balance minimizes my injuries better than the other four top shoes I 've tried from four other brands .
 I have been running in the top of line New Balance for over ten years and have bought every top brand running shoe to try to compare . Even though they are overpriced - still best shoe on market - especially for those with injury or pronation problems as I have .
 I have a heavy gait , and a wide foot . These shoes fit perfectly , and they last . I just retired one pair after 400 miles -LRB- compared to the typical 185 miles I got on the NB 991 -RRB- . I could n't disagree more with the first reviewer . I think these shoes are great .
 This is an excelent shoe for running in and , being in the military I do quite a bit of running . I have found this shoe to have great shock absobtion like most new balance shoes but , this one is better than most . I would recomend this shoe to any avid runners out there I only wish it cam in more colors .
 Middle-aged , Fat Guy Running With Stress Fractures , Calcium Deposits , Shin Splints & Bone Spurs -LRB- Not a pretty sight -RRB-
 My Aunt Mary loves this shoe . She has been wearing the pair she has for so long that they are `` taped '' together . She has searched everywhere to try and get a `` new '' pair . Finding them to order for her has made her so happy . I bought both the white and black and sent them to her for Christmas . Now she can bronze the old pair !! THANKSSandy
 I have been running on top of the line New Balance for over 15 years . I 'm overweight and pronated . As a 50 + year-old runner , I 'm more interested in running tomorrow than if I got a personal best today . New Balance minimizes my injuries better than the other four top shoes I 've tried from four other brands .
 I have been running in the top of line New Balance for over ten years and have bought every top brand running shoe to try to compare . Even though they are overpriced - still best shoe on market - especially for those with injury or pronation problems as I have .
 I have a heavy gait , and a wide foot . These shoes fit perfectly , and they last . I just retired one pair after 400 miles -LRB- compared to the typical 185 miles I got on the NB 991 -RRB- . I could n't disagree more with the first reviewer . I think these shoes are great .
 This is an excelent shoe for running in and , being in the military I do quite a bit of running . I have found this shoe to have great shock absobtion like most new balance shoes but , this one is better than most . I would recomend this shoe to any avid runners out there I only wish it cam in more colors .
 Middle-aged , Fat Guy Running With Stress Fractures , Calcium Deposits , Shin Splints & Bone Spurs -LRB- Not a pretty sight -RRB-
 My Aunt Mary loves this shoe . She has been wearing the pair she has for so long that they are `` taped '' together . She has searched everywhere to try and get a `` new '' pair . Finding them to order for her has made her so happy . I bought both the white and black and sent them to her for Christmas . Now she can bronze the old pair !! THANKSSandy
 I have been running on top of the line New Balance for over 15 years . I 'm overweight and pronated . As a 50 + year-old runner , I 'm more interested in running tomorrow than if I got a personal best today . New Balance minimizes my injuries better than the other four top shoes I 've tried from four other brands .
 I have been running in the top of line New Balance for over ten years and have bought every top brand running shoe to try to compare . Even though they are overpriced - still best shoe on market - especially for those with injury or pronation problems as I have .
 I have a heavy gait , and a wide foot . These shoes fit perfectly , and they last . I just retired one pair after 400 miles -LRB- compared to the typical 185 miles I got on the NB 991 -RRB- . I could n't disagree more with the first reviewer . I think these shoes are great .
 This is an excelent shoe for running in and , being in the military I do quite a bit of running . I have found this shoe to have great shock absobtion like most new balance shoes but , this one is better than most . I would recomend this shoe to any avid runners out there I only wish it cam in more colors .
 Middle-aged , Fat Guy Running With Stress Fractures , Calcium Deposits , Shin Splints & Bone Spurs -LRB- Not a pretty sight -RRB-
 I love these shoes . They are very good quality and I get compliments everytime I wear them .
 My Aunt Mary loves this shoe . She has been wearing the pair she has for so long that they are `` taped '' together . She has searched everywhere to try and get a `` new '' pair . Finding them to order for her has made her so happy . I bought both the white and black and sent them to her for Christmas . Now she can bronze the old pair !! THANKSSandy
 After suffering from plantar fasciitis for over 6 months , I tried on a pair of these slip-on sandals . Immediate relief !! Now , the shoes did not cure me , but they definitely give the support my feet were acheing for . Maybe it 's just the shape of my particular foot , but these footbeds mold to and support my feet like nothing else I have tried.I want another pair , but these shoes are so expensive !! I would like another pair of Finn Comfort sandals , preferably with a back strap so I wo n't have to worry about them falling off my feet when I climb stairs . I have shopped all over the web , and the price at Amazon is just about the same as everyone else . When does the 2 for 1 sale begin ?
 These Finn Comfort sandals are wonderful for weary feet -- I have four pair . I wear them as house slippers and as everyday errand running shoes . If I wear other more conventional shoes , as soon as I get home , they go off and the Finn Comforts go on . The leather covered cork insole , especially the softer one that this particular style has , supports the foot in a way that relieves the burning and hurting . I love these shoes.The velcro adjustable straps are great , whether you have a narrow foot or a wider foot , you can adjust to a comfortable fit . You can also readjust to fit over socks for a chilly day or for barefoot summer comfort . OK , so they 're not the most stylish , but as with age comes wisdom , so with pointy toes and spike heels come bunions , corns and hammer toes . Save your feet for the future by getting Finn Comfort shoes now .
 I have them in both black and the sandy color . They are the most comfortable shoes i own , and when my feet swell it is so easy to adjust the fit since the straps are velcro . When my feet shrink back to normal - simple adjustment again . If you need great support , these are the shoes for you .
 I have problem feet and have tried every brand and have purchased very expensive insoles . These shoes were a perfect fit , no need for the custom insoles and the arch support was perfect . Although expensive , better than buying pair after pair and none of them fitting .
 I have arthritis and ca n't wear just any shoe , but I do n't want `` old lady '' shoes . The design on these are so pretty ! The comfort is awesome . Finn Comfort may cost more , but the quality and comfort can not be matched .
 This is my second pair of Jamaika sandals . The first pair lasted well over four years -LRB- three seasons out of the year -RRB- - and I 'm very hard on footwear . It 's difficult to find comfortable footwear for my feet because of two foot surgeries , the use of orthotic inserts and very wide width feet . These Finn Comfort sandals are the answer to all of those problems . The removable foot beds let me put in my orthotics , the velcro fasteners mean that adjustment to a wider foot width is possible . Within no time of putting them on , they felt ` broken in ' and comfortable.The quality is excellent - the only reason my first pair wore out was because they got completely soaked a couple of times , and I continued to wear them afterwards . The leather lining eventually wore off - but after 4-1/2 years of prior use . Maybe if I had let them dry before wearing again that would n't have even been an issue ? However , they are still very wearable and I use them as slippers . They are every bit as comfortable as the day they were purchased . I plan on buying more of the same style in different colors . Worth every penny .
 I love these shoes ! I have 5 pair , each a different color , and I wear them virtually every day . I can walk all day in them . And they look great . Two of my pair have lasted 2 years of very intense wearing . And the soles show no sign of wearing out . I can purchase new insoles if I need to . They are truly the best quality and most comfortable shoes I own ... along with my 3 other pair of Finn Comforts !
 Finn shoes are always reliably comfortable and elegant . They help my back and I always receive compliments whenever I wear them .
 I have worn Finn Comfort Women 's Jamaika Sandals for at least 5 years . I previously suffered from plantar fasciitis and found I had a high arch . It was difficult to find a shoe to accommodate and support my foot properly besides a special tennis shoe . I prefer to wear slip on sandals and found the Finns at a specialty store . I wear them year round and have several pairs in different colors . They are so well made that they last for years and having the interchangeable insert is great . Love my Finns and so happy they are available on Amazon .
 These are the only brand of shoes that I can wear without my orthotics . They have a built-in arch support and are supercomfortable .
 I ordered these to replace an identical pair purchased over 15 years ago . These are the exact same sandals and fit perfectly . Workmanship is superbe . Comfortable even without the orthotics that I put in all my other shoes . I wear them constantly . Worth the price . Vendor sent the item as agreed .
 Finn shoes are good for those with low back discomfort . They are comfortable $ they last forever , unless , of course , your puppy gets a hold of them .
 I had recently broken my left ankle and the bone in my right foot . After three months rehab , I was in pain and needing a shoe that would support me but not close in my foot completely . I found the perfect shoe in Finn Comfort Women 's Jamaika Sandal . Now I wear them everywhere . They support my bones and I can walk for longer periods than with other shoes . I highly recommend Finn Comfort !
 I would recommend this wonderful shoe to anyone who loves comfort . It dose n't wear blisters on my feet at all , and has a low heel plus an easy slide in place strap instead of a buckle , that eliminiates pain for stiff fingers when putting on or taking off . You need to ask for that type of strap closure to make sure that is the kind you get .
 My granddaughter who is 17 loves these shoes . She started ballroom dance lessons and says these shoes are perfect . They slid just enough and are very comfortable . they make her feel beautiful . highly recommended
 These shoes were exactly what I wanted . I ordered 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and they fit perfectly . They are comfortable , easy to use the quick strap , and look great . I would highly recommend .
 After suffering from plantar fasciitis for over 6 months , I tried on a pair of these slip-on sandals . Immediate relief !! Now , the shoes did not cure me , but they definitely give the support my feet were acheing for . Maybe it 's just the shape of my particular foot , but these footbeds mold to and support my feet like nothing else I have tried.I want another pair , but these shoes are so expensive !! I would like another pair of Finn Comfort sandals , preferably with a back strap so I wo n't have to worry about them falling off my feet when I climb stairs . I have shopped all over the web , and the price at Amazon is just about the same as everyone else . When does the 2 for 1 sale begin ?
 These Finn Comfort sandals are wonderful for weary feet -- I have four pair . I wear them as house slippers and as everyday errand running shoes . If I wear other more conventional shoes , as soon as I get home , they go off and the Finn Comforts go on . The leather covered cork insole , especially the softer one that this particular style has , supports the foot in a way that relieves the burning and hurting . I love these shoes.The velcro adjustable straps are great , whether you have a narrow foot or a wider foot , you can adjust to a comfortable fit . You can also readjust to fit over socks for a chilly day or for barefoot summer comfort . OK , so they 're not the most stylish , but as with age comes wisdom , so with pointy toes and spike heels come bunions , corns and hammer toes . Save your feet for the future by getting Finn Comfort shoes now .
 I have them in both black and the sandy color . They are the most comfortable shoes i own , and when my feet swell it is so easy to adjust the fit since the straps are velcro . When my feet shrink back to normal - simple adjustment again . If you need great support , these are the shoes for you .
 I have problem feet and have tried every brand and have purchased very expensive insoles . These shoes were a perfect fit , no need for the custom insoles and the arch support was perfect . Although expensive , better than buying pair after pair and none of them fitting .
 I have arthritis and ca n't wear just any shoe , but I do n't want `` old lady '' shoes . The design on these are so pretty ! The comfort is awesome . Finn Comfort may cost more , but the quality and comfort can not be matched .
 This is my second pair of Jamaika sandals . The first pair lasted well over four years -LRB- three seasons out of the year -RRB- - and I 'm very hard on footwear . It 's difficult to find comfortable footwear for my feet because of two foot surgeries , the use of orthotic inserts and very wide width feet . These Finn Comfort sandals are the answer to all of those problems . The removable foot beds let me put in my orthotics , the velcro fasteners mean that adjustment to a wider foot width is possible . Within no time of putting them on , they felt ` broken in ' and comfortable.The quality is excellent - the only reason my first pair wore out was because they got completely soaked a couple of times , and I continued to wear them afterwards . The leather lining eventually wore off - but after 4-1/2 years of prior use . Maybe if I had let them dry before wearing again that would n't have even been an issue ? However , they are still very wearable and I use them as slippers . They are every bit as comfortable as the day they were purchased . I plan on buying more of the same style in different colors . Worth every penny .
 I love these shoes ! I have 5 pair , each a different color , and I wear them virtually every day . I can walk all day in them . And they look great . Two of my pair have lasted 2 years of very intense wearing . And the soles show no sign of wearing out . I can purchase new insoles if I need to . They are truly the best quality and most comfortable shoes I own ... along with my 3 other pair of Finn Comforts !
 Finn shoes are always reliably comfortable and elegant . They help my back and I always receive compliments whenever I wear them .
 I have worn Finn Comfort Women 's Jamaika Sandals for at least 5 years . I previously suffered from plantar fasciitis and found I had a high arch . It was difficult to find a shoe to accommodate and support my foot properly besides a special tennis shoe . I prefer to wear slip on sandals and found the Finns at a specialty store . I wear them year round and have several pairs in different colors . They are so well made that they last for years and having the interchangeable insert is great . Love my Finns and so happy they are available on Amazon .
 These are the only brand of shoes that I can wear without my orthotics . They have a built-in arch support and are supercomfortable .
 I ordered these to replace an identical pair purchased over 15 years ago . These are the exact same sandals and fit perfectly . Workmanship is superbe . Comfortable even without the orthotics that I put in all my other shoes . I wear them constantly . Worth the price . Vendor sent the item as agreed .
 Finn shoes are good for those with low back discomfort . They are comfortable $ they last forever , unless , of course , your puppy gets a hold of them .
 I had recently broken my left ankle and the bone in my right foot . After three months rehab , I was in pain and needing a shoe that would support me but not close in my foot completely . I found the perfect shoe in Finn Comfort Women 's Jamaika Sandal . Now I wear them everywhere . They support my bones and I can walk for longer periods than with other shoes . I highly recommend Finn Comfort !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 My Aunt Mary loves this shoe . She has been wearing the pair she has for so long that they are `` taped '' together . She has searched everywhere to try and get a `` new '' pair . Finding them to order for her has made her so happy . I bought both the white and black and sent them to her for Christmas . Now she can bronze the old pair !! THANKSSandy
 After suffering from plantar fasciitis for over 6 months , I tried on a pair of these slip-on sandals . Immediate relief !! Now , the shoes did not cure me , but they definitely give the support my feet were acheing for . Maybe it 's just the shape of my particular foot , but these footbeds mold to and support my feet like nothing else I have tried.I want another pair , but these shoes are so expensive !! I would like another pair of Finn Comfort sandals , preferably with a back strap so I wo n't have to worry about them falling off my feet when I climb stairs . I have shopped all over the web , and the price at Amazon is just about the same as everyone else . When does the 2 for 1 sale begin ?
 These Finn Comfort sandals are wonderful for weary feet -- I have four pair . I wear them as house slippers and as everyday errand running shoes . If I wear other more conventional shoes , as soon as I get home , they go off and the Finn Comforts go on . The leather covered cork insole , especially the softer one that this particular style has , supports the foot in a way that relieves the burning and hurting . I love these shoes.The velcro adjustable straps are great , whether you have a narrow foot or a wider foot , you can adjust to a comfortable fit . You can also readjust to fit over socks for a chilly day or for barefoot summer comfort . OK , so they 're not the most stylish , but as with age comes wisdom , so with pointy toes and spike heels come bunions , corns and hammer toes . Save your feet for the future by getting Finn Comfort shoes now .
 I have them in both black and the sandy color . They are the most comfortable shoes i own , and when my feet swell it is so easy to adjust the fit since the straps are velcro . When my feet shrink back to normal - simple adjustment again . If you need great support , these are the shoes for you .
 I have problem feet and have tried every brand and have purchased very expensive insoles . These shoes were a perfect fit , no need for the custom insoles and the arch support was perfect . Although expensive , better than buying pair after pair and none of them fitting .
 I have arthritis and ca n't wear just any shoe , but I do n't want `` old lady '' shoes . The design on these are so pretty ! The comfort is awesome . Finn Comfort may cost more , but the quality and comfort can not be matched .
 This is my second pair of Jamaika sandals . The first pair lasted well over four years -LRB- three seasons out of the year -RRB- - and I 'm very hard on footwear . It 's difficult to find comfortable footwear for my feet because of two foot surgeries , the use of orthotic inserts and very wide width feet . These Finn Comfort sandals are the answer to all of those problems . The removable foot beds let me put in my orthotics , the velcro fasteners mean that adjustment to a wider foot width is possible . Within no time of putting them on , they felt ` broken in ' and comfortable.The quality is excellent - the only reason my first pair wore out was because they got completely soaked a couple of times , and I continued to wear them afterwards . The leather lining eventually wore off - but after 4-1/2 years of prior use . Maybe if I had let them dry before wearing again that would n't have even been an issue ? However , they are still very wearable and I use them as slippers . They are every bit as comfortable as the day they were purchased . I plan on buying more of the same style in different colors . Worth every penny .
 I love these shoes ! I have 5 pair , each a different color , and I wear them virtually every day . I can walk all day in them . And they look great . Two of my pair have lasted 2 years of very intense wearing . And the soles show no sign of wearing out . I can purchase new insoles if I need to . They are truly the best quality and most comfortable shoes I own ... along with my 3 other pair of Finn Comforts !
 Finn shoes are always reliably comfortable and elegant . They help my back and I always receive compliments whenever I wear them .
 I have worn Finn Comfort Women 's Jamaika Sandals for at least 5 years . I previously suffered from plantar fasciitis and found I had a high arch . It was difficult to find a shoe to accommodate and support my foot properly besides a special tennis shoe . I prefer to wear slip on sandals and found the Finns at a specialty store . I wear them year round and have several pairs in different colors . They are so well made that they last for years and having the interchangeable insert is great . Love my Finns and so happy they are available on Amazon .
 These are the only brand of shoes that I can wear without my orthotics . They have a built-in arch support and are supercomfortable .
 I ordered these to replace an identical pair purchased over 15 years ago . These are the exact same sandals and fit perfectly . Workmanship is superbe . Comfortable even without the orthotics that I put in all my other shoes . I wear them constantly . Worth the price . Vendor sent the item as agreed .
 Finn shoes are good for those with low back discomfort . They are comfortable $ they last forever , unless , of course , your puppy gets a hold of them .
 I had recently broken my left ankle and the bone in my right foot . After three months rehab , I was in pain and needing a shoe that would support me but not close in my foot completely . I found the perfect shoe in Finn Comfort Women 's Jamaika Sandal . Now I wear them everywhere . They support my bones and I can walk for longer periods than with other shoes . I highly recommend Finn Comfort !
 Looks even better in person than in the photos . The leather is glove soft , overall very well constructed ... runs a bit on the large side , consider a size smaller as I did and at less than $ 200 this is s steal !
 Great boots for such a good price , really worth it . Stylish and so comfortable , good sizing , no discrepancy . I bought them for a friend of mine , she already bought a second pair and I 'll buy one for myself .
 Great boots for the autumn . Everybody compliments them and I feel very pretty when wearing them . They are also very comfortable so I can walk all they with them and do n't get tired .
 My wife bought these shoes to wear to work . They are wonderful , everyone tells her these shoes are hott !! They are very comfortable to walk in and can be worn all day with no discomfort .
 I do n't usually wear such high heels , but I loved the look of these boots and decided to give them a try . My first reaction when I pulled them out of the box was
 I have been running on top of the line New Balance for over 15 years . I 'm overweight and pronated . As a 50 + year-old runner , I 'm more interested in running tomorrow than if I got a personal best today . New Balance minimizes my injuries better than the other four top shoes I 've tried from four other brands .
 I have been running in the top of line New Balance for over ten years and have bought every top brand running shoe to try to compare . Even though they are overpriced - still best shoe on market - especially for those with injury or pronation problems as I have .
 I have a heavy gait , and a wide foot . These shoes fit perfectly , and they last . I just retired one pair after 400 miles -LRB- compared to the typical 185 miles I got on the NB 991 -RRB- . I could n't disagree more with the first reviewer . I think these shoes are great .
 This is an excelent shoe for running in and , being in the military I do quite a bit of running . I have found this shoe to have great shock absobtion like most new balance shoes but , this one is better than most . I would recomend this shoe to any avid runners out there I only wish it cam in more colors .
 Middle-aged , Fat Guy Running With Stress Fractures , Calcium Deposits , Shin Splints & Bone Spurs -LRB- Not a pretty sight -RRB-
 I have been running on top of the line New Balance for over 15 years . I 'm overweight and pronated . As a 50 + year-old runner , I 'm more interested in running tomorrow than if I got a personal best today . New Balance minimizes my injuries better than the other four top shoes I 've tried from four other brands .
 I have been running in the top of line New Balance for over ten years and have bought every top brand running shoe to try to compare . Even though they are overpriced - still best shoe on market - especially for those with injury or pronation problems as I have .
 I have a heavy gait , and a wide foot . These shoes fit perfectly , and they last . I just retired one pair after 400 miles -LRB- compared to the typical 185 miles I got on the NB 991 -RRB- . I could n't disagree more with the first reviewer . I think these shoes are great .
 This is an excelent shoe for running in and , being in the military I do quite a bit of running . I have found this shoe to have great shock absobtion like most new balance shoes but , this one is better than most . I would recomend this shoe to any avid runners out there I only wish it cam in more colors .
 Middle-aged , Fat Guy Running With Stress Fractures , Calcium Deposits , Shin Splints & Bone Spurs -LRB- Not a pretty sight -RRB-
 These look pretty good , but they 're really delicate . Also , they do n't look that good with shorts , but with pants , they 're awesome . Surprisingly , the white leather part stays white , and is really hard to stain , as opposed to the white part surrounding the bottom of the shoe .
 I have been running on top of the line New Balance for over 15 years . I 'm overweight and pronated . As a 50 + year-old runner , I 'm more interested in running tomorrow than if I got a personal best today . New Balance minimizes my injuries better than the other four top shoes I 've tried from four other brands .
 I have been running in the top of line New Balance for over ten years and have bought every top brand running shoe to try to compare . Even though they are overpriced - still best shoe on market - especially for those with injury or pronation problems as I have .
 I have a heavy gait , and a wide foot . These shoes fit perfectly , and they last . I just retired one pair after 400 miles -LRB- compared to the typical 185 miles I got on the NB 991 -RRB- . I could n't disagree more with the first reviewer . I think these shoes are great .
 This is an excelent shoe for running in and , being in the military I do quite a bit of running . I have found this shoe to have great shock absobtion like most new balance shoes but , this one is better than most . I would recomend this shoe to any avid runners out there I only wish it cam in more colors .
 Middle-aged , Fat Guy Running With Stress Fractures , Calcium Deposits , Shin Splints & Bone Spurs -LRB- Not a pretty sight -RRB-
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 These have closed toes and heels , yet plenty of air flow to your feet . Perfect for casual wear to work , cool yet professional -LRB- colorado style , not wall street . . -RRB-
 This is the best sandal I have ever had . There are 10 of us at work that wear these . When they became hard to find we started buying ahead . Every one of us has a new pair in reserve . If these are out there ... buy them ! The ladies sandal has a different sole and will break -LRB- we still use them -RRB- but the men 's sandals do n't . Theirs are like the older womens were . Would love for Airwalk to start producing these again !!!
 My feet stay cool , no sweating , no stink , yet they are heavy enough to offer proction & comfort .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I wore this flip-flop for most of the summer and have no major complaints . The sole is a bit thicker than others I 've had , so that takes a little getting used to . The sole is also molded to fit your foot , so it is more substantial than other flip-flops . The only reason I 'm giving it a 4 instead of 5 stars is because I was expecting a sole that was a little thinner than what it is . Overall , I am extremely satisfied with it .
 My feet -LRB- my puppys -RRB- are extremely sensitive to the type footwear I choose to place upon them after many years of abuse in high heels and surgery on one of them . Skechers Women 's Luxe Mary Jane shoes instantly made my puppys have that `` ah '' feeling of comfort .
 These shoes go with any wardrobe . They are very comfortable and run true to size . I highly recommend them .
 These shoes are so wonderful . I have a wide foot and these are a little wider than a normal Medium . I have bought three pairs of the skechers mary janes -LRB- different names , same style -RRB- with fabric and leather upper and they all run true to the extremely comfortable wider than medium . I wear a thin to medium sock with them . My foot swells during the day so the adjustable straps are ideal . I just wish I could find a brown pair . I dislike tennis shoes and these in the natural color look really good with either jean outfits or casual skirts .
 Perfect fit , I took these out of the box and wore them all day long ... and I am on my feet all day long - I teach kindergartners !
 I have this shoes in black and it 's just amazing . I use this almost everytime I go out , and even for several hours I do not have any problems . I can use this with my jeans , shorts or even sweat pants and it fits just perfect . I ca n't believe how nice it fits and I can say , this is one of the best shoes from Skechers I have ever purchased .
 Skechers Women 's Luxe Mary JaneThese are very comfortable , but to be perfect they could use a little more arch support . Very feminine looking , can be worn with sport clothes or casual dresses . I like them because I have arthritis
 I bought these shoes because I was looking for shoe that I could wear during the summertime without socks , but that would be more comfortable , more supportive -LRB- and more stylish -RRB- than flip flops . These definitely do the trick . They 're a cross between a sandal and a tennis shoe and you can wear them with crop pants , long pants , shorts , skirts , whatever -- and they look nice . I , too , am having the problem of them rubbing on my heel , but I figure that after breaking them in , that should subside.Another reviewer mentioned that the velcro fastener can be a problem . Because the strip is so small where the velcro attaches , I can see this easily coming apart , and I anticipate that I might encounter the same problem.Overall , though , I think this is a pretty versatile shoe .
 Skechers Women 's Luxe Mary JaneThese shoes are just as cute as can be and comfortable too . They are so versatile , and not bulky at all . I love them . The only thing that could be improved is a little better arch support for those of us with high arches and arthrits . Otherwise perfect !
 This is a great summer shoe that goes everywhere . I had a pair in back and decided I needed the same style in white . I have a very narrow foot and have a hard time getting a good fit since most casual styles only come in M or W . The adjustable velcro strap on the shoe makes this style wearable for me.Marty
 I was very impressed with the recent item I purchased from your company . My shoes arrived in a very timely manner and were reasonably priced . Would definitely use this merchant again .
 I ride my bike to work , and my backpack was overstuffed with work clothes plus a lunch AND shoes , so I really needed shoes that could do double duty . I have been very pleased overall with my Sketchers Luxe Mary Janes . They are sturdy enough to wear while riding a bike -LRB- and I go up and down hills and ride on busy streets -RRB- , are comfortable without socks -LRB- even while riding the bike -RRB- , and look FABULOUS when I get to work with my casual dresses and pants . The sole on the bottom of the shoe provides a lot of support . I have had to wear arch supports before , but I have not had to wear them in these shoes . I am on my feet all day as a teacher , but have not had any soreness . However , another reviewer said that they were not strong enough for a 2-mile walk , and I would have to agree with that . As comfortable as these shoes are , they are not really meant for pounding the pavement to that extent . I have had only one problem with the shoes
 I love these shoes . I get complements on them ALL THE TIME !! Now most of my friends own a pair after seeing mine . They are wonderful for walking around the mall , or spending the day at the Zoo , or working long shifts standing up , but they are not a replacment for regular tennis shoes when it comes to exercising . I love them though !!
 Unlike other reviewers , I have not had problems walking long distances in these shoes - I call them my `` walking to work shoes '' and regularly walk 45 mins/over 2 miles in them at a time , no problem . I have noticed , however , both that the velcro straps wear out before the shoe does , and that over time the lace/mesh around the toe wears through . For a while I was able to sew it shut -LRB- not terribly noticeable in black shoes -RRB- but eventually I had to replace the shoe . I tried buying what looked like the same shoe in leather , not mesh , but it did not fit well.Otherwise , it 's a wonderful shoe . No one can tell it 's really a sneaker . I wear it with pant suits if I 'm not in court or seeing clients , and since I recently broke a bone in my foot , it 's actually the only shoe I can wear comfortably . It does n't look professional with a skirt suit , but to avoid the 80s look when walking to work , it sure beats a skirt and white sneakers.I would say for me the shoe lasts about 5-6 months with extensive walking , or 8-9 months with less walking . So at $ 54/pair it 's not cheap , but it 's about the same cost as replacing sneakers , more stylish than sneakers , and much more comfortable than pumps .
 I bought these based on the previous reviews . I wore them the very first day I received them for about 4 hours of casual walking -LRB- around the Smithsonian in Washington , DC -RRB- . Ca n't say that this was my wisest decision as I did get some slight blisters in the back . They really do take some time to get soften up but the end result is great . I have the natural colour with the embroidery flowers and they are so versatile , I wear them with everything . They were exactly what I was looking for in a great summer fun shoe !
 Super comfortable and easy to slip on and off . As stated in my heading the only thing they lack is a little bit of arch support . For that amount of money I would think providing this should not be too much to ask . Do n't buy them for extensive walking . Use them for running errands , and work if your dress code allows it . They are very attractive .
 I bought these shoes this week . I shattered my ankle last fall and have had trouble finding shoes that will allow for swelling and stilll look like something you would wear to work ... These shoes are cute , comfortable and adjustable for the swelling . I have had some trouble with rubbing on the heel . Would recommend them .
 I just got my pair in the mail yesterday . I was a little nervous about ordering them , honestly . But I was looking for a pair of shoes that would be comfortable to do a lot of walking in , that did n't require wearing socks , and that would be stylish . I think I found the perfect pair.First of all , these shoes are extremely cute . The details of the mesh/lace do n't show up in the pictures , but the design is actually flowers . They are both sporty and classy and great for wearing to work . Today is my first day wearing them and they are surprisingly comfortable . The only issue is that the backs are rubbing on my heel , but I 'm sure that 's an issue of needing to break them in .
 I 'm happy with this purchase . I previously purchased Skechers women 's Mary Jane from endless.com . But the size was too narrow for my feet . This pair fit me well . I walk a lot and need some ventilation in summer . These shoes are good for walking in summer .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I ordered these for a scout backpacking trip , they are lightweight , and comfortable . I never thought I would wear these besides the trip , but I found myself wearing them around the house , they are very comfortable .
 I use these for gardening . Comfortable and easy to wash . Fit is true to size .
 I love my Carolina Crocs ! I live in Nairobi , Kenya , and they are the talk of our campus ! It 's great to be able to support the Tar Heels from head to toe , literally!I am wondering , however , about the return policy . I was not credited with a full refund for the pair of shoes that I returned , and I am curious as to why that is . I am grateful for any refund , but was just wondering why only a partial one.Thanks for the great product!Lisa Orr
 We love are UNC CROCS . DELIVRY WAS FAST , WE EVEN HAD TO EXCHANGE FOR SIZE AND STILL HAD VERY FAST . /
 I gave this to my wife whom went to The Ohio State and was very happy to receive the Ohio State Crocs . They were received in a timely manner and was well represented .
 I love Crocs . They are so comfortable and it 's like wearing no shoes at all ! Add burnt orange and a longhorn and these are the BEST shoes ever ! I 've had several compliments . I 'm a teacher and several students have asked me where I got them ! I LOVE THESE SHOES !
 Just like any other Crocs , but the colors and logo are my alma mater . Same comfortable fit with just that special something so that I can call them my own .
 item returned as too small . sizes are too limited to waste my time with.either restock or get rid of the item
 EXCELLENT PURCHASE IS REALLY A PRODUCT QUALITY , SAME AS PUBLISHED IN THE PHOTO AND GREAT PRICE . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED . It was very good buy .
 We 're Trojan fans and were thrilled to see these SC crocs for a bargain price . Everyone loves the bright colors.They have most of the big universities . Lots of fun to wear .
 They do n't make these college themed Crocs any more , so when I find themI buy them . They are great easy and comfortable shoes . No need for socks -- slip them on and off you go !! If you find them in your size and with your teamgobble em up -- you wo n't be sorry !!
 Just what I was looking for . Perfect fit -LRB- since there are no half sizes , buyer needs to go down to next full size -RRB- . E.g. , If you are an 11 1/2 , you need to order the 11 .
 These have closed toes and heels , yet plenty of air flow to your feet . Perfect for casual wear to work , cool yet professional -LRB- colorado style , not wall street . . -RRB-
 This is the best sandal I have ever had . There are 10 of us at work that wear these . When they became hard to find we started buying ahead . Every one of us has a new pair in reserve . If these are out there ... buy them ! The ladies sandal has a different sole and will break -LRB- we still use them -RRB- but the men 's sandals do n't . Theirs are like the older womens were . Would love for Airwalk to start producing these again !!!
 My feet stay cool , no sweating , no stink , yet they are heavy enough to offer proction & comfort .
 These have closed toes and heels , yet plenty of air flow to your feet . Perfect for casual wear to work , cool yet professional -LRB- colorado style , not wall street . . -RRB-
 This is the best sandal I have ever had . There are 10 of us at work that wear these . When they became hard to find we started buying ahead . Every one of us has a new pair in reserve . If these are out there ... buy them ! The ladies sandal has a different sole and will break -LRB- we still use them -RRB- but the men 's sandals do n't . Theirs are like the older womens were . Would love for Airwalk to start producing these again !!!
 My feet stay cool , no sweating , no stink , yet they are heavy enough to offer proction & comfort .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I bought these for my son who is 4 and he loves them . You will have to scuff the bottoms becuase like all new cowby boots they are slippery . They are good quality and I think they will be around for his little brother to inherit .
 My 2 1/2 yr old loves these boots so much , he will wear them around the house while wearing sweat pants , sometimes just a diaper . When he has a choice of foot wear to put on he goes straight for the boots . The quailty of the boots are great . They are made of real leather , not plastic .
 My daughter loves her boots ! She likes wearing these when it 's raining outside so she can jump on puddles . = -RRB-
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I 've been looking for this specific color and style and went to every athletic shoe store in Phoenix and Las Vegas but could not find it until i happened to look on Amazon . They , of course , had it and i ordered it immediately . It took a little longer than expected to get the shoes but once they were here i slipped them on and they fit like a glove .
 I like these shoes very much , i have bought over 12 pairs of shoes from amazon , and these rank in my top 3 pairs . Very white , very easy to keep clean . I have wide feet , and these are not tight at all .
 The Puma Men 's Roma Shoe is simple but classy , yet good for everyday use . A great selection of colors assures that you 'll find a pair just right to fit your personality and wardrobe . Not only do these shoes look good , but they feel good also . I assure you will be satisfied with these shoes that will make you and your feet smile !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 The taller sole of this shoe really gives you a workout , and adds even more bounce to your step than the regular MBT . The sneaker style does not do a lot for me , but the extra length the big sole give my legs is amazing . And they really do improve your muscle tone and posture . Wearing these I feel very vital and young , I just bounce around the mall or the walking path . I know there are a lot of gimmicks out there , and you are afraid of wasting your money , but these shoes are really money well spent . As soon as you start walking in these you will see , they are just great , and worth every penny .
 I love these shoes . This is my first pair of MBTs , and I was n't sure if it would be worth it , but it is . I am pretty active , and I get tendonitis fairly frequently , so I was looking for something to prevent that . I have n't had the shoes long enough to swear they 'll do that , but I do know that my back feels better , my feet do n't hurt , and my posture is perfect in these shoes . Oh , and the flexibility ! That was an unexpected perk ; I 've never been remotely flexible , but now I can easily do stretches that were very painful before.The company recommends starting with the regular MBT first , but because they are so expensive I just went for the one I knew I 'd eventually want . I 'm happy with that decision . If you are remotely active or even just not obese you can probably just get the high ones to start . I ran 3 miles on the treadmill within the first hour of putting mine on.I did n't actually buy these from amazon , however . I found my pair new on ebay and saved 75 $ .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 These have closed toes and heels , yet plenty of air flow to your feet . Perfect for casual wear to work , cool yet professional -LRB- colorado style , not wall street . . -RRB-
 This is the best sandal I have ever had . There are 10 of us at work that wear these . When they became hard to find we started buying ahead . Every one of us has a new pair in reserve . If these are out there ... buy them ! The ladies sandal has a different sole and will break -LRB- we still use them -RRB- but the men 's sandals do n't . Theirs are like the older womens were . Would love for Airwalk to start producing these again !!!
 My feet stay cool , no sweating , no stink , yet they are heavy enough to offer proction & comfort .
 These have closed toes and heels , yet plenty of air flow to your feet . Perfect for casual wear to work , cool yet professional -LRB- colorado style , not wall street . . -RRB-
 This is the best sandal I have ever had . There are 10 of us at work that wear these . When they became hard to find we started buying ahead . Every one of us has a new pair in reserve . If these are out there ... buy them ! The ladies sandal has a different sole and will break -LRB- we still use them -RRB- but the men 's sandals do n't . Theirs are like the older womens were . Would love for Airwalk to start producing these again !!!
 My feet stay cool , no sweating , no stink , yet they are heavy enough to offer proction & comfort .
 These have closed toes and heels , yet plenty of air flow to your feet . Perfect for casual wear to work , cool yet professional -LRB- colorado style , not wall street . . -RRB-
 This is the best sandal I have ever had . There are 10 of us at work that wear these . When they became hard to find we started buying ahead . Every one of us has a new pair in reserve . If these are out there ... buy them ! The ladies sandal has a different sole and will break -LRB- we still use them -RRB- but the men 's sandals do n't . Theirs are like the older womens were . Would love for Airwalk to start producing these again !!!
 My feet stay cool , no sweating , no stink , yet they are heavy enough to offer proction & comfort .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 Naturalizer are my favorite shoes . Always comfortable right from the get go . The sandals are great . Nice to have shoes to come in Wide sizes also .
 I recommend these shoes ! They are very comfortable and the leather is like butter ! The longer you were them , the more comfortable they become . I am a big fan of Naturalizer and this pair did not let me down !
 Got the shoes one week ago , I found that the shoes are very good for running , as it 's pretty springy . But not very good for walking , with the narrow bottom . It is also pretty airy inside , perfect for my sweaty feet .
 Pros
 These sneakers are great for people who do n't want allot of flash but want to be able to go for a walk or jog . I have never had any comfort issues with any Adidas running shoes . A great nice pair of everyday sneakers.Great buy !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 These are a super nice pair of sporty navy blue shoes . Navy is `` in '' and Bruno Magli is the best Italian shoes 's manufacturer .
 They do n't look as bright in this picture as they are in real person . I 'm not usually one of the guys who wear really stand out colors and these were a little on the flashy side . They feel good and i can move smoothly in them . A good shoe for the money , I 'd still recommend them to someone who does ` nt mind standing out a little bit .
 This shoe is possibly the best shoe ever made . I 'm on my second pair . The first pair finally fell apart . -LRB- So , no , they wo n't last for ever . -RRB- I 've had lots of Ecco 's before , and they are always comfortable . But the Walkathon is even more comfortable.They are partially waterproof but not completely so they still breath well . The waterproofing is sufficient to protect against small puddles and wet grass.They are a bit goofy looking . So I embarrass my teenage son . -LRB- That 's important . -RRB-
 I have had foot problems for over 15 years . Heel Spurs , neuromas , ruptured heel gel capsules . My feet are a mess . So I am always on the lookout for a comfortable pair of shoes . I bought a pair three months ago . They have not been off my feet since . I love these shoes . They are great looking and are incredibly comfortable . If you are inclined to wear Ecco shoes , I would strongly recommend you give these a try . They are simpley the best ever . So much so now I need to get a pair in black .
 Ecco 's have saved my feet . I have to be a little more selective in shoes because I have flat feet so my feet get tired in any other shoe . These did n't disappoint . Unfortunately I could n't find the black version . I 'd love the black ones because as a wedding photographer I 'm on the move quite a bit.The look is kind of different . My wife says they look like `` rain shoes '' because of the front of them looks like rubber . But I really like the look . Let 's see how long these will last me .
 This is quite simply the best shoe I 've ever owned . After I had my first pair about 6 mos , I bought a second identical pair . I wish now that I had bought 3 or 4 extra and put two away in storage . My second pair is almost worn out , as I wear one of the pair almost every other day . Please , ecco , make some more just like these !
 I have one other pair of Ecco shoes and that prompted me to buy these Walkathons ... It was money well spent because the fit was perfect , no break-in period , and so comfortable its just a pleasure to walk or stand . I would hartily recommend these to anyone who wants `` happy feet '' when you walk ...
 This Ecco is by far the most comfortable non-tennis shoe I have . The leather is nice and sole is very jelly like . Very causal , can be used for going out or work . Feels very much like a tennis shoe and you can walk for miles without your feet hurting . It fits great with jeans.I did not purchase these from amazon , I was able to get it for a great price from Nordstroms .
 These are comfy , well made , and beautiful !!!! I could n't be happier !!
 I know platform boots of this style look intimidating but they 're surprisingly comfortable to wear . I wear mine all day long . Pleaser brand has never let me down . They 're a true-to-size fit , affordable , and are quality boots . The only bad thing I 'd say is that the shaft width is too small . If a person has muscular or fatter calves the boots wo n't fit . Most seem to only give a 13-14 inch diameter . Larger women like me would fare better with a 17 inch opening but even with the laces spread they wo n't fit . Especially buckled boots , I 've returned many adorable boots with buckles on account of my larger calves.That 's my only negative statement , I wish Pleaser would make the Electra foot style with larger calves . This particular model is the only one that fits because it 's shorter in height . I want knee-high boots like this but they do n't make them for bigger girls . I 'll keep buying what I can from this company though , because they 're great boots .
 These boots are fabulous . I am a man and I 'm size 11 US . They fit me perfectly , feel very comfortable , and look expensive . I am very pleased with the product .
 I loved these boots they were both comfortable and surprisingly easy to walk in the material wore well and did n't rub my heels . Over all they are a great buy .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I 've been looking for this specific color and style and went to every athletic shoe store in Phoenix and Las Vegas but could not find it until i happened to look on Amazon . They , of course , had it and i ordered it immediately . It took a little longer than expected to get the shoes but once they were here i slipped them on and they fit like a glove .
 I like these shoes very much , i have bought over 12 pairs of shoes from amazon , and these rank in my top 3 pairs . Very white , very easy to keep clean . I have wide feet , and these are not tight at all .
 The Puma Men 's Roma Shoe is simple but classy , yet good for everyday use . A great selection of colors assures that you 'll find a pair just right to fit your personality and wardrobe . Not only do these shoes look good , but they feel good also . I assure you will be satisfied with these shoes that will make you and your feet smile !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 These boots are fabulous . I am a man and I 'm size 11 US . They fit me perfectly , feel very comfortable , and look expensive . I am very pleased with the product .
 I loved these boots they were both comfortable and surprisingly easy to walk in the material wore well and did n't rub my heels . Over all they are a great buy .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I wore these shoes on a trip , I got so many compliments in the airport . I had no problem with the straps falling down , I wore these shoes 8 hours , I had no problem with them being uncomfortable
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I own seven pairs of this sandal , in six colors , and I have purchased one further pair for my mother , who is in a nursing home in Arizona , and whose feet swell . I wear sandals 365 days a year in Idaho , as due to a thyroid disease , I can not tolerate having warm feet . I have worn out two pairs in the past . The first one I wore for four years , daily , exclusively , due to poverty , and they stood up to the abuse . -LRB- I have large feet and I am a substantial woman . -RRB- I would recommend this sandal to anyone who suffers from any of a range of foot issues , because it is totally adjustable . The sandal is well-made ; after three years , I had my shoe repair person replace the elastic under the buckle on both sandals . Otherwise , everything held up , in rain and snow , daily , in Idaho . I believe that manufacturers call that `` testing to destruction '' . I replaced that pair not so much because of their age , as because I finally had enough money to buy another pair . I did not even look for any other kind of sandal , or any other manufacturer . I will be wearing these for the rest of my life.Some of the other reviewers have mentioned that they had no break-in period with this model . Neither did I. On ONE sandal in ONE pair , there was a rough edge inside on a sewn seam . I bought some moleskin and attached it to the rough place inside the sandal , and have never given it another thought.My mother is delighted with the pair I bought her for this summer ; I came to this page today to buy her another color for the winter.My only wish is that a few more colors were available in 12EE . But I can not downgrade the sandal for that . I own and wear sandals in colors I had never been able to find before in my life . Color me a happy Propet customer for life .
 I purchased these in a 4E width for my grandmother , whose feet are very swollen due to medical issues . It had gotten to the point where shoes either did n't fit her or were very uncomfortable . Finally I found these and they actually fit her ! She is very happy with them . They were worth every penny .
 These are my second pair of Propet sandals . I bought another pair because they are super comfortable sandals . They are great for walking a long way or standing for extended periods . I recently stood in a standby line at an event for several hours and my feet felt great . My only gripe with these shoes would be the location of the buckle . They are not the easiest shoes to get off and on especially at airport security .
 I was looking for a good walking sandal that could be adjusted in case my feet were swollen -LRB- as often happens after flying -RRB- . These were comfortable right away , the size was good , wore them every day and they were always comfortable , no blisters forming . Very happy with them , and would purchase other Propet products .
 My wife has a hard time finding strap-back velcro or buckle sandals in a wide width and a short size ... . these are almost perfect . The only problem is that the buckle strap is very short and a bit hard for her to buckle - aside from that , she LOVES these sandals ! She says `` HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! ''
 I have this walking sandal in white and tan , as well as the black ones I recently purchased from Amazon.com . They fit great and are very comfortable for all day wear . I wear a size 13 N , and it 's difficult to find shoes , so I was pleased to find them on Amazon.com . Another plus was Amazon 's price was much less than where I 'd purchased the other two pair .
 The heat in Arizona makes everything hot , especially your feet . It would be so uncomfortable without Propet Sandals . I purchased a pair last year and was overjoyed to be able to purchase two pairs this year . Try them . You too can be comfortable no matter how hot it gets .
 The width is perfect , and they were priced very reasonably . This is my first time purchasing Propet shoes , but it definitely wo n't be my last .
 I bought this pair from a plus-size catalog , and have been extremely pleased with them . My flat feet are clown-sized and wide , and I 'm partly disabled -LRB- one foot is usually swollen -RRB- , so you can imagine how difficult it is to find comfy shoes . This brand and model is very lightweight and cushioned as I walk . The light weight is important because I do n't have to stomp around in boots , and I do n't trip on carpet or other surface disruptions . I can put on some mileage with this pair ! The Velcro straps easily adjust for my normal foot and swollen foot . It 's all good . Time to buy another color , because the first pair , bought in 2008 , is by no means worn out or broken . Add to my cart , Amazon !
 Like walking on air . They are well cushioned and adjustable width . I 'll buy these in other colors for sure . The ankle strap provides some support . I 've had a couple of ankle surgeries so I need really well padded soles and these provide the comfort I need .
 Propet makes excellent shoes , all types , their sandals are my favorite and this style is the most comfortable I have every worn .
 Propet breeze walker sandals were received as described ... before estimated delivery date . Would order this product again .
 These sandals are just great in comfort and appearance , wonderful for vacations . The service was speedy as always .
 First time shoe buyer via internet . Purchased because I 'd worn Propet before and was pleased with fit . Not disappointed ! The fit was perfect and shoes delivered in a timely way .
 This shoe is very comfortable and so far easy to clean . They were comfortable at the first wearing . They are excellent when you have a lot of walking to do .
 I was delighted to find these sandals very comfortable and at a great price . I have a hard foot to fit and they were perfect .
 I purchased these shoes as a gift for my aunt in PA. . She said it is the most comfortable shoe she has ever worn . I will purchase another pair for her closer to spring but told her the red ones are year-round too . Next , I will purchase a pair for me . Many thanks . NJ
 This is the most comfortable sandal I have ever worn . I bought a second pair for wearing outside because I use the first pair as slippers . The insole is like walking on a cloud , a dry cloud . The front straps are adjustable . The fit is true . I can wear them all day long . I have had shoes and sandals that gave me blisters on my bunions or corns on my toes . Not these . I hope Propet never stop making them.Mary
 Several years ago I broke all five metatarsus in my right foot . I have since then had some problem finding comfortable/well fitting shoes . The ability to adjust the front two straps on the Propet sandals has been fantastic . The feel walking in these shoes is more comfortable than any other sandals I have ever had ... even those that cost much more . They are also available in many different colors and I like this also .
 It is very difficult to find `` normal '' shoes when you have wide feet or foot problems . Propet offers styles for every foot .
 Bought my first pair a couple of years ago . Just bought two more pairs to take on a cruise . They are attractive have good support and are comfortable to walk in . the two velcro front straps were a great adjustment idea . My old ones still have a lot of wear left . Will use for yard work , etc. .
 I did n't notice the buckle when I ordered , but the shoe fits so well that the little extra time involved does n't bother me at all . I ordered it in red -LRB- not a bright true red , but toned-down - think medium rust with touch of pink and chocolate -RRB- . It will go with most things in my closet . Propet is a wonderful shoe - I have a similar sandal in tan with two velcro straps and a closed back -LRB- a `` tennis shoe '' sandal -RRB- , and a boot with 2 '' heel . All are very comfortable - at this age , the most important detail in footwear !
 This shoe was nice and comfortable . Bought it for a trip to Europe.However , it came up too high on my ankle bone and had to return it .
 I wanted some new summer sandals , but I did n't want to pay top dollar.I first looked at Clarks , but no good prices on what I liked.I looked at several other brands before seeing Propet . I decided to give them a try , and I am so thankful I did!The propet women 's breeze walker sandal is well made , expensive looking and very comfortable . No break in time needed.This particular sandal has some type of breathable cushiony thing which seems to keep my feet dry so far . -LRB- we 'll see how well it work as weather gets much hotter -RRB- . If you 're on the fence about buying these or another brand -LRB- like Clark 's -RRB- , I 'd say give Propet a try . The quality and comfort are there.Hopefully , you 'll get them on sale !
 I 'm so glad that I discovered these shoes ! I have them in every color and wear them most of the time . I travel a lot and I can walk all day in these shoes without pain . I especially like the idea of the velcro straps everywhere so that if your feet swell from sitting too long , you can let them loose a little while . They do n't take up lots of room in your luggage . You can be dressed up or dressed down . I 've worn them to the beach and also for evening wear with a long skirt . Treat yourself and buy a pair of these wonderful shoes ! Order your regular size as they are true to fit . Ignore the person who compared these to Clark 's . These are better .
 I love these sandals . I got the brushed leather ones , and they are very comfortable . They have some arch support and all the straps adjust for a comfortable fit . I wear a 7.5 in most shoes and that is what I ordered in these . They fit me perfectly .
 I have plantar fasciitis which is easily aggravated by most shoes - especially sandals . It has been especially difficult to find sandals that do n't bother my feet . To complicate matters , I blister easily . And , I need adequate but not hard arch support or I have foot pain.These sandals are the most comfortable I have ever worn . I wear them all day - I hike and walk the dogs in them - I even have run in them when I 've needed to - without any problems . I would give the six stars if I could for comfort without looking like clunky old-lady shoes .
 I purchased this shoe in white using my normal size and they are a perfect fit and feel as if you are walking on pillows . My feet do not get tired with this shoe . I am going to purchase this shoe in another color .
 I am quite pleased with these shoes . They are comfortable out of the box . I have very wide feet , and I have a tough time finding shoes that fit . I wanted to buy something that was more reasonably priced than Wolkys -LRB- which I love -RRB- . I bought a size 11 , WW . It 's a bit too long -LRB- a 10 would have been fine -RRB- , but that 's okay . I 'm just delighted to have sandals that are wide enough ! I would certainly buy another pair . I 've never bought shoes online before , and it 's worked out very satisfactorily .
 These sandals are awesome . I have a lot of foot problems due to a birth defect . These were comfortable right out of the box . I ca n't remember the last pair of shoes that did n't need breaking in . The price was also awesome .
 I decided to try these sandals as a possible replacement for the old Clark 's Sunbeat , which no longer lives up to its former standard of quality , unfortunately . These have a very similar appearance and , if anything , are more comfortable . I thought I might dislike the look of the Velcro straps , but it 's actually not very noticeable . They are very comfortable and , I thought , more attractive than they appeared in the picture -LRB- of course , I 'm at an age where `` comfortable '' tends to be synonymous with `` attractive '' -RRB- . I downgraded them one star because the ankle strap tends to ride a little high on me , rubbing right underneath my ankle bone . I think when they get broken in and soften up a little , this will probably cease to be a problem , but for now , it 's very irritating after awhile . Overall , though , I like this sandal and look forward to wearing it this summer .
 Propet Women 's Breeze Walker SandalI have n't bought many shoes on line , but I actually had tried on this model while shopping a few weeks earlier . However I could n't imagine how luxuriously comfortable it would be . I am wearing it everywhere - church , work , shopping - it 's that comfortable . They are also very lightweight and easily wiped off . And they were ten dollars cheaper than at the `` outlet '' store where I was shopping . What a bargain .
 very pretty light blue , not too pale.great fit , very comfortable.fast shipping.this is my seventh pair . lots of color choices .
 I do n't have good luck with this brand . I bought Propet walking shoes that I had to return because they were too small . I like the looks of these sandals and I read the reviews that said they run large so I thought they might fit me . I ordered my usual size and they were too small . My toes were right at the end . I returned those and ordered the next size up . This time the length was just right but the shoes are wider ! Even with the velcro adjustment I ca n't get them comfortably snug . This is just me . They are nice sandals and I really wish they fit me . If Propet shoes fit you then you 'll like these sandals .
 I have spent several years looking for a practical walking , comfortable white sandal . A friend suggested to check Amazon and I am so happy I did . These sandals are comfortable and exactly what I wanted . The price was reasonable too !
 Wonderful sandal - comfortable - easily adjusts to just the right size ! Sturdy and stylish ! I 've worn this sandal for at least 5 years now ! I just love it !
 Really happy with my purchase . This is the second pair of Propet ' I 've purchased . The first pair was a short all weather boot . I love the side zipper and the wide sizing . The second pair is a pair of sandals , brick color is great . Comfy , good support .
 Wife loves this product . She is disappointed that it is appearently unavailable in the Yellow color anymore .
 This is my favorite sandal . I highly recommend this product for everyday summer outings and vacations . Walking is a breeze in these Breeze Walkers .
 These are so comfy and are really walking shoes . I liked them so much I ordered a second pair . Shoes are difficult for me to buy as my feet are small and narrow but these fit .
 Estoy encantada con esas sandalias , preciosas , muy comodas . He tenido otras sandalias de esta marca y me han resultado excelentes . Si lo recomendaria .
 I really like the way the shoe feels , I would have given it a 5 if it had better arch support -LRB- My other experiences w / Propet they all had great support -RRB- . The foot bed on this sandal is flat . It does not feel like it will pinch or give blisters . I have only worn it around the house so far to see how they will be .
 Very comfortable sandle . Hard to find a good quality sandle that offers support and leave your feet feeling good even after walking a long time . The sole is thick enough to absorb hard pavement . Best sandle I 've ever owned .
 I love the Breeze Walker sandal . I gave it 4 stars because they changed their sole . At least that is my opinion . I am going to call the manufacturer to check . What I am referring to is that it seems to be a man-made composition instead of the way it used to be leather . As a result I feel like it is slippery if there is perspiration . Other than that it is a very comfortable walking shoe .
 I have always been reluctant to buy shoes on-line but I decided to give it a try . Thanks to all of you wonderful Amazon customers who took the time to describe your experience and give your honest feedback ! I have a very high arch and instep and many shoes will not fit over my foot . Also , in some shoes I wear one size and in some another size . I took a chance and bought what is usually my `` regular size '' . They fit perfectly . With the adjustable straps , my instep problems are solved . But most of all , when I put them on the first time , my instant response was `` Ahhhhhhh '' - they are so very comfortable right out of the box . No `` breaking in '' at all . They have become by favorite summer shoes and while some sandals are only for casual wear , these are nice enough to wear anywhere . Delivery was on time as advertised and they even included easy return instructions and pre-paid return label . Fortunately , I did n't have to use it .
 I just purchased my 5th pair of Propet Breeze Walkers . I have some severe foot problems post botched bunion surgery , and these sandals are the only shoes that are comfortable all day long for me . The arch is very good and the adjustable straps allow you to adjust to meet your foot needs . Love them .
 I very much liked the shoe , but due to the fact that I have very narrow feet , it did n't fit . Great service ordering through Amazon .
 sturdy , stylish and a classic look from brunomagli i gave this as a present and the celebrant i must say was happy with the product , he still wears it till now and i have to say its holding up well
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I 've been wanting these boots for more than a year and a half now ... and they are well worth it . I 'm extremely impressed , better looking in person than the image can describe . Whats even more suprising is the fact that me -LRB- who wears chucks on a regular basis and has a hard time in heels , ususally avoid them -RRB- can walk perfectly , with confidence , and find them very comfortable - though I 'm a whole 5 inches taller . I love them and would recommend them to anyone interested in a sexy serious boot .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 Feels great , walks great , sturdy ... . just a bit clunky/ugly looking . They 're great in black fo the wnter to go with dark clothing.The Wide width was plenty wide for my C/D width foot , even with frozen big toe joints and arthritis in my feet . .
 Very supportive , they work well for me . I 've got rheumatoid arthritis and the support I need is found in these shoes .
 Its like walking on clouds . I can walk for hours in these shoes ! They 're made very well and make exercise less of a chore .
 I wear custom inserts in my shoes , and I have wide feet so I always order a half size larger than my feet measure . I have bought Skechers before , and know they make durable shoes . Normally wear 8c , so I ordered 8.5 W and I took out the inner foot liner and added my custom insert and wore them for 9 hours the first day.No problems . Feel like I made a wise decision .
 These shoes are quite the top of the line . I have a very small foot and can not always find shoes for men . So ... I buy women 's sizes and they fit swell . The Skecher runing shoe is a great fit and it is made well . It looks strong and durable . You wo n't be sorry if you buy these ... men you will not look sissy !
 I had my old pair for about 6 years . I was so happy to find them again . By far these are the best shoes to stand in for 8 + hours straight . My heels normally are killing me after 4 hours these last 8 . So there 's nothing i can complain about .
 Bought this shoe locally for a great low price when I started nursing school a few years ago . I walk constantly during my shifts now as a nurse , but never have a bit of trouble with my feet . Looking to replace my current pair , but have had trouble finding a similar pair at a good price ... until now ! They 've held up well also . Just starting to notice the seam at one toe starting to work its way loose , so I want to have the next pair ready to go !
 This is the fourth pair of Skechers Women 's Energy Joggers I 've purchased . Three black pairs for hiking and jogging in the red rocks of Sedona , Arizona , and a white pair to wear shopping.They are stylish and are wonderful for climbing the moderate to steep topography I encounter on the trails in my area . I 've also taken them on my travels to Colorado and Utah , they are great , versatile footwear.Barbara Barrett
 I ordered them , they arrived . They fit & I wear them . I personally like Skecher 's since I wear Orthotics . I can easily take out inner sole & slide my Orthotic right in .
 Mom LOVED the shoes !! Great doing business with you !!! Will deal with you again in the future ! : -RRB-
 I 've had 3 pair of these sneakers ... absolutely the best fitting shoes I 've ever worn . You wo n't need to break them in ... good to go , right out of the box .
 Skechers Women 's Energy Purchased these sneakers and they fit well and arrived before ETA . Great purchase .
 I 've always been a fan of Sketchers and this purchase is no exception . I got these for an excellent price -LRB- on sale -RRB- . I wear them all the time . They are light and airy . My feet are pleased as well . They help support my bad ankle as well .
 great shoes , available in wide width at a great price . Very comfortable , I have been walking on concrete floors 8 hours a day for 15 years , these shoes provide a great deal support and comfort
 Recently I gained more weight than I realized and my feet got bigger , that means trying to be in acceptance I have to go up another size , already had big FEET . From what I 'm seeing I probably only needed a half size bigger . but it 's hard to find sneakers or shoes higher than 10 . So when I saw these sneakers in an 11W I ordered them , beause I know the qualiy of Sketchers cause I had ordered a pair before from Amazon .
 Very happy with my sketchers sneakers . The fit was perfect . The service was great .
 I have bought this shoe for years , since early 2000 . This shoe is supportive and comfortable . I wear it all the time . As a nurse I walk on concrete floors 12 hour shifts at a time and do n't have the back or leg pain that I had with other shoes . I used to buy it a JCPenney 's every time I needed a new pair but they for some reason quit carrying my size so I ordered a new skechers in my size from them , Skechers D'Lite and my back and legs hurt all the time . I wore the new D'Lites for about 4 1/2 months and ached badly until I got me the sports/millennium edition . Once resuming wearing my `` old faithful '' shoes my back and legs no longer ache . I love this shoe and will continue purchasing this as my only shoe to wear for all occassions . I hope they never quit making them . If they do I do n't know what I will do . If I am made aware that they will ever discontinue this shoe ahead of time , I plan to order up many pairs at one time , NO JOKE !
 These have to be the most comfortable shoe I have ever had to work in ! With a past history of surgery on both my feet , and not being able to stand or walk for long periods of time , these shoes have just been awesome ! They are comfortable , and the time they last have just been awesome . They still show no wear , and have held up through about anything ! I highly recommend them !
 I love them ! I 'm very picky about my own shoes , and really need the best quality . I 'm an active woman , and comfort is the most important . These shoes are wonderful ! They have great detail , are VeRy comfortably , and extremely duarable . They accomodate any style , and can be basically worn with almost anything . Well made soles -LRB- a BONUS ! -RRB- , and breath well also . Would recommend this shoe for anyone active AND stylish ! Will probably order another pair ! THANK YOU
 These are my favorite type of sneakers and I was n't able to find them anywhere . My daughter found them on Amazon and I ordered them . They were a great price , true to size and shipped quickly .
 I am enjoying this shoe as a walking and work-out shoe . I think it could have been 1/2 size smaller , as it slides a little on the heel , but the sole is very stable beneath the heel and along the outside so your feet wo n't roll over with lateral moves . Very comfortable and I got them for a great price . Overall a good purchase .
 I 'm an avid Asics fan . I needed a leather sneaker for Winter . I tried the Asic leather version vs. the Skechers Premium and Energy . The Energy has as much support and comfort as the Asics . The Premium was not comfy , lacking support and cushion . The cons of Skechers , however , are they look cheaper than Asics , and do not have a removable insole . But , for half the price , and only needing a Winter shoe , the Premium suits my needs for comfort and warmth . They also have a bit more height than the Asics . I have an average size 8.5 , but ordered the size 9 in a wide width to wear with thick socks . They are perfect .
 My niece told me these were the only shoes she wears when not at work in her office . Finally I broke down and tried a pair . At first , they felt a little different than the normal tennis shoe . After about a week or so , I realized how much better the shoes felt on my feet . Now they are the ONLY athletic shoes I 'll buy . Sometimes they 're hard to find in local stores so it 's great to find them on Amazon.com . GREAT shoes that I 'd recommend to every other woman .
 I have owned Skecher 's in the past and these are the best fit , style , comfort level and price I have EVER seen !
 I LOVE THE SNEAKERS . FAST SHIPMENT . COMFORTABLE . WORE THEM TO THEY GYM . THEY ARE GREAT !
 This is my 5th pair of these sneakers . I buy new ones ever year . They hold up great and are so comfortable .
 very comfortable shoes for work and walking . i will certainly buy them again maybe in a different color . black and white
 I bought these , based on reviews , to use at Mardi Gras this year . Between walking everywhere , standing for 2-3 hour at parades , etc. , I needed a pair of shoes that would be comfortable for being on my feet 8-12 hours a day for seven straight days . When I first tried them on they did n't feel nearly as cushy as my normal sneakers and I was worried they would n't perform , but they did well ! Although my feet were generally a little sore at the end of the day , I 'm almost never on my feet , certainly not for such an extended period , so I think some soreness was inevitable .
 I usually dont buy shoes online , but I have had a pair of these before and loved them enough that I had worn them out , and several pairs of shoes later I found these again . The first pair I ordered were the size 5 , and had to send them back for the 5.5 Both pairs shipped quickly and the return process was VERY extremely easy.Since I know that all shoes fit differently , I knew before I placed my order that it would be one of the 2 sizes ... for me thats a part of life.The shoes themselves fit good , and feel really sturdy , and with the deep grooves on the soles , it keeps them from slipping when I 'm at work in the kitchen.And the only sorta bad thing is that when I 'm at home , walking on the wood floors , I cant sneak up on anybody , no matter how lightly I try to walk . Nobody else here seems to mind that though.But over all , very comfortable and very sturdy for when you have to be on your feet for long hours .
 The sneakers are true to size and are extremely comfortable to walk in . I would definitely buy these sneakers again .
 Great product ! Excellent service ! Will buy exact shoe again ! The shoes fit awesomely . I really love the Skechers Energy brand especially the Energy 2 brand , but it was discontinued . I wish Skechers would bring them back .
 I loved the fast shipping . These shoes are very comfortable , I work in a hospital and I 'm on my feet all day , but my feet does n't get sore .
 I had an accident that changed the way I walk and also causes alot of pain , swelling and soreness in my ankle joint . I 'm on my feet alot at work and always busy on weekends , so I needed a shoe that would provide the comfort & flexibility that I need . I tried several other brands but they were stiff and hard with little cushioning . Skechers Women 's Energy Jogger 's are wonderful ... so much cushioning in the sole and the leather is soft and flexible while giving support in the heel area . If I have anything bad to say about them , its that they do stretch some after alot of wear . I get the W width due to swelling , but after a couple of months they get a little too wide and have to adjust the strings . Overall , the most comfy shoes I 've ever bought !
 I have worn this style Skecher for over 10 yrs . It is the only comfort shoe I can wear . I have a bunion on my left foot and flat feet . I too work in the medical/dental field . So a comfort show is what we need for the long days on our feet . If I have tried anything else I have calf pain and feet pain . Best ever work and anytime shoe . I can wear the black kind and the saddle colored ones . But that is the extent . Love them and you will too .
 I love my shoes they fit perfectly and arrived in a very short amount of time
 good deal 4 ppl lookin ' 2 fart around . if u want more in a shoe , the money is worth it . this shoe is mostly comfy , but if u r doin ' hard core workout , u want a better shoe .
 I really love my skechers ! Very comfortable ! They fit perfect ! I wear them for work , I walk all day , my feet do n't ache .
 I absolutely love these sneakers . Skechers are my favorite brand because there is no break-in time at all . Bought this new pair for vacation and they are comfy right out of the box . Have had many Skechers sneaks over the years and I also love their sandals . Just as comfy . Please never stop making these great sneakers .
 I spend alot of time on my feet and these are the most comfortable pair of sneakers i have ever owned . very good quality!I would recommend them to anyone looking for a great pair of shoes .
 I 've always been a fan of Skechers . This shoe was reasonably priced , yet very comfortable . I will continue choosing Skechers as my favorite shoe choice !
 I am probably on my eighth pair . I work in a hospital and have a bad back and bad feet . I only wear these shoes . If I go somewhere that I have to walk alot even if I am dressed up , I will wear these shoes and bring my dress shoes to change into at the last minute . I have 2 pairs at all times , one at work and one at home.One time I changed to a different shoe and ended up at the Podiatrist with terrible foot pain . He told me to go back to the shoes I had before which were these Skechers . Plus I have a wide foot and have had foot surgery on both feet.Really great shoes . I 'd be lost without them .
 These shoes are great for working out and simply going to work . Plenty of room in the toe area . No squashed toes !
 I still have my Skechers Shape-ups and wear them all the time . Because I enjoy the comfort of them , I decided to go for the same brand for a work-out shoe . Tried a couple different brands and returned them or just threw them in the closet . Now that I have the Skechers Energy , I 'm happy again . Not as comfortble as the Shape-ups but a close second .
 Skechers fits me the best , taking only a size 5 , and with height in the heel , which I need . 5 's are very hard to find , except on the internet .
 These have to be the most comfortable tennis shoes I 've worn . I had an old pair that I totally wore out ! I searched everywhere to find another pair & could only find these on Amazon ! I can wear these shoes all day long & my feet still feel awesome when I take them off at the end of the day !! Great Buy !!
 These shoes are very comfy I just love them and will be ordering more in the future . But I like sketchers anyway ,
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I 've been looking for this specific color and style and went to every athletic shoe store in Phoenix and Las Vegas but could not find it until i happened to look on Amazon . They , of course , had it and i ordered it immediately . It took a little longer than expected to get the shoes but once they were here i slipped them on and they fit like a glove .
 I like these shoes very much , i have bought over 12 pairs of shoes from amazon , and these rank in my top 3 pairs . Very white , very easy to keep clean . I have wide feet , and these are not tight at all .
 The Puma Men 's Roma Shoe is simple but classy , yet good for everyday use . A great selection of colors assures that you 'll find a pair just right to fit your personality and wardrobe . Not only do these shoes look good , but they feel good also . I assure you will be satisfied with these shoes that will make you and your feet smile !
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 I 've been wanting these boots for more than a year and a half now ... and they are well worth it . I 'm extremely impressed , better looking in person than the image can describe . Whats even more suprising is the fact that me -LRB- who wears chucks on a regular basis and has a hard time in heels , ususally avoid them -RRB- can walk perfectly , with confidence , and find them very comfortable - though I 'm a whole 5 inches taller . I love them and would recommend them to anyone interested in a sexy serious boot .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 These shoes are so comfortable . There is no break in period needed for these shoes . Definitely will be buying more .
 This is my go-to walking shoe when sneakers just wo n't do . Just returned from walking at Belmont Lake State Park where I wore this Jocelyn shoe . Since I 've purchased it , I 've put it through its paces -- from muddy trails in Maine to sidewalk rambles here on Long Island , and it has held up . Comfortable for sure . The material never seems to scuff , and simple clear gel polish keeps it shining . The heel has n't shown any wear either . This is the second pair I 've owned , and they last quite a long time . The only consession I 've had to make was buying a cushioned insole product to `` beef up '' the cushioning which eventuals gets thin . It 's true to size , but the extra wide width I bought had just enough toe room , not a lot of extra . I 'd buy it again .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I own several pairs of ECCO shoes and have only good things to say about them . They 're extremely comfortable and wear well . I ordered them at the peak of the holiday season and they still arrived before Christmas .
 This is my go-to walking shoe when sneakers just wo n't do . Just returned from walking at Belmont Lake State Park where I wore this Jocelyn shoe . Since I 've purchased it , I 've put it through its paces -- from muddy trails in Maine to sidewalk rambles here on Long Island , and it has held up . Comfortable for sure . The material never seems to scuff , and simple clear gel polish keeps it shining . The heel has n't shown any wear either . This is the second pair I 've owned , and they last quite a long time . The only consession I 've had to make was buying a cushioned insole product to `` beef up '' the cushioning which eventuals gets thin . It 's true to size , but the extra wide width I bought had just enough toe room , not a lot of extra . I 'd buy it again .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I 've been wanting these boots for more than a year and a half now ... and they are well worth it . I 'm extremely impressed , better looking in person than the image can describe . Whats even more suprising is the fact that me -LRB- who wears chucks on a regular basis and has a hard time in heels , ususally avoid them -RRB- can walk perfectly , with confidence , and find them very comfortable - though I 'm a whole 5 inches taller . I love them and would recommend them to anyone interested in a sexy serious boot .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 I 've been wanting these boots for more than a year and a half now ... and they are well worth it . I 'm extremely impressed , better looking in person than the image can describe . Whats even more suprising is the fact that me -LRB- who wears chucks on a regular basis and has a hard time in heels , ususally avoid them -RRB- can walk perfectly , with confidence , and find them very comfortable - though I 'm a whole 5 inches taller . I love them and would recommend them to anyone interested in a sexy serious boot .
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 I 've been wearing the original Women 's Smith Adidas for years and low and behold , I could n't find them anymore except in the teen , early adolescent style . At my age , a grandma of 3 , I enjoy the shoe and the comfort . I 've had all my friends all over the continent looking for my shoe . Now , on a new site , there it is . My husband said that my closet looks like a sneaker shoe store because I buy all these look alikes but they just are n't the good ole Smith Adidas . Hurrah , I found them . Thank you so much Amazon.Com . Sincerely , Trishy
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 The boots arrived before expected , which was good . The boots fit very good and I wear them almost every day.Couldn ' t have a better pair .
 This is my go-to walking shoe when sneakers just wo n't do . Just returned from walking at Belmont Lake State Park where I wore this Jocelyn shoe . Since I 've purchased it , I 've put it through its paces -- from muddy trails in Maine to sidewalk rambles here on Long Island , and it has held up . Comfortable for sure . The material never seems to scuff , and simple clear gel polish keeps it shining . The heel has n't shown any wear either . This is the second pair I 've owned , and they last quite a long time . The only consession I 've had to make was buying a cushioned insole product to `` beef up '' the cushioning which eventuals gets thin . It 's true to size , but the extra wide width I bought had just enough toe room , not a lot of extra . I 'd buy it again .
 I have been a huge fan of the 760 series , starting with the 762 , and all the way up . These are the best yet . Perfect support , and extreme comfort . They work with you to get great workouts . Buy them while they still have your size !
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 This is my go-to walking shoe when sneakers just wo n't do . Just returned from walking at Belmont Lake State Park where I wore this Jocelyn shoe . Since I 've purchased it , I 've put it through its paces -- from muddy trails in Maine to sidewalk rambles here on Long Island , and it has held up . Comfortable for sure . The material never seems to scuff , and simple clear gel polish keeps it shining . The heel has n't shown any wear either . This is the second pair I 've owned , and they last quite a long time . The only consession I 've had to make was buying a cushioned insole product to `` beef up '' the cushioning which eventuals gets thin . It 's true to size , but the extra wide width I bought had just enough toe room , not a lot of extra . I 'd buy it again .
 I bought these for my daughter who started to walk but has feet smaller than that of her age . These shoes slip on nicely , stay on , and protect her little feet as she tears around . The length is a bit longer than her foot , but the ankle strap fits her better than the next size down . The flexible material mean that the extra space does n't destabilize her walking . The colors are bright and the turtles are so cute !
 OMG I LOVE THESE SHOES THEY ARE COMFORTABLE AND FITS TRUE TO SIZE AND I THINK IWANNA ORDER THE BLUE PAIR ... LOL
 This is my go-to walking shoe when sneakers just wo n't do . Just returned from walking at Belmont Lake State Park where I wore this Jocelyn shoe . Since I 've purchased it , I 've put it through its paces -- from muddy trails in Maine to sidewalk rambles here on Long Island , and it has held up . Comfortable for sure . The material never seems to scuff , and simple clear gel polish keeps it shining . The heel has n't shown any wear either . This is the second pair I 've owned , and they last quite a long time . The only consession I 've had to make was buying a cushioned insole product to `` beef up '' the cushioning which eventuals gets thin . It 's true to size , but the extra wide width I bought had just enough toe room , not a lot of extra . I 'd buy it again .
 These are fairly comfortable shoes right from the first time I put them on . They have good support and cushiony insoles.They keep my feet dry in the rain or wet grass , and have decent grip on wet/slick surfaces . Both of these things were important qualities that I looked for when shopping for a shoe , and so far the shoe has delivered.They are not casual shoes , but they are not quite formal either . They are perhaps business casual . Unlike some of the other Rockport work shoes , these do not have a visible label or insignia printed on the shoe.The only shortcoming is that they have a slightly plastic-like feel and look to them . I mean that the outer material is harder than normal , so that when the shoe bends at the toe region , it noticeably constricts my toes . This property has not gone away with time.Update
 The Durant has a wonderfully simple look to it . No frills or needless embossing , and that 's exactly what I look for in a work shoe . The shoe offers plenty of room for my toes , the sole is very , very slip resistant ... I literally walked through of a puddle of olive oil and did n't slip . The insole is comfortable . It 's exactly what I was looking for , and worth every penny .
 These shoes are great . I have been buying Saucony shoes for my rough and tumble boy , but these have been great for my girl , too . Very durable .
 This was a perfect transaction . The sneakers arrived 2 days later and were exactly what I ordered for my daughter .
 These shoes also come in men 's sizes though it 's not listed in Amazon . MBT refers to Masai Barefoot Technology , the creator of these shoes noticed that the Maasai tribe had surprisingly good posture and did not suffer from back pain . He spent years developing these shoes . MBT 's have been used for years in the UK -LRB- where one would need a prescription from a physician -RRB- . I bought a pair of these shoes and noticed almost immediately how my posture straightened and how the natural curves of my back re-formed . I also started using muscles on my legs and back which I never used before . The shoes are comfortable and after several days of using the shoes my posture , and thus back pain , improved .
 I LOVE these shoes . They retail for $ 250.00 . I just bought a second pair of the same shoe . The first pair was $ 129.00 and now the same shoe is $ 99.00 . Look for the discontinued styles.I live in a big city and walk a lot . I always have back pain , especially when I walk . When I wear my MBT 's I do n't have any pain at all . I just wish they would discontinue the Mary Jane 's so I could wear them to work . I 'm a flight attendant and would love to be pain free for once at work.Donna
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 This is my go-to walking shoe when sneakers just wo n't do . Just returned from walking at Belmont Lake State Park where I wore this Jocelyn shoe . Since I 've purchased it , I 've put it through its paces -- from muddy trails in Maine to sidewalk rambles here on Long Island , and it has held up . Comfortable for sure . The material never seems to scuff , and simple clear gel polish keeps it shining . The heel has n't shown any wear either . This is the second pair I 've owned , and they last quite a long time . The only consession I 've had to make was buying a cushioned insole product to `` beef up '' the cushioning which eventuals gets thin . It 's true to size , but the extra wide width I bought had just enough toe room , not a lot of extra . I 'd buy it again .
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 My husband bought these slippers for me . The slippers are like walking on a cloud ! They are soft and cushy . The only thing I would tell you about sizing is they are a tad short . I wear between a 7 1/2 and 8 womans shoe . I ordered an 8 and my foot almost hangs over the back . I have a wide foot and the width is good . I would recommend these slippers !
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 Naturalizer are my favorite shoes . Always comfortable right from the get go . The sandals are great . Nice to have shoes to come in Wide sizes also .
 I recommend these shoes ! They are very comfortable and the leather is like butter ! The longer you were them , the more comfortable they become . I am a big fan of Naturalizer and this pair did not let me down !
 I am happy with the service and the product except the boots are a little narrow for my feet I am hoping that they will stretch out with them being worn .
 These boots are great for their purpose -LRB- Wonder Woman costume , which should n't surprise -RRB- , but to echo other feedback , the calf size is VERY small . My calf is about 16 inches around it 's widest part , and I can barely get the boots zipped halfway . They are not stretchy at all because of the patent leather . If you can sew -LRB- as I can -RRB- , you may be able to insert elastic on the back or zipper to accommodate this , but otherwise you might want to consider a different purchase .
 Super fast delivery . Thank you . I will be wearing these boots with a 70 's style dress . They are beautiful and I cant wait to wear them . I have aways had big calves and they fit perfect . They seem well made with nice material . I love these boots !
 I have skinny calves , so the previous reviews stating they were too small in the calves helped motivate me to make this purchase ! These boots are awesome ! I get complements every day . I did insert arch supports , which I do with most boots I buy . The price could n't be better .
 Just came across this boot , and i 'm surprised at not only how good they look , but the prices for them were quite reasonable as well as affordable . Not to mention , they 'd look great with any Goth outfit or worn with regular slacks/jeans . I 'd highly recommend these boots for both Goth girls and guys alike .
 I really loved the boots . The quality is very good . And it is very comfortable .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Just a line to say how comfortable these shoes are . Anyone who has ever put ECCO shoes on their feet know this to be true . I am truly singing to the choir but to those that are considering a purchase of ECCO shoes ... do it ! You owe it to yourself and your feet !
 I have owned these shoes for over 2 years and I just love wearing them . They are a great casual choice for almost any occasion . They fit very comfortably and after 10 hours or more of wearing them they still feel great . After 2 years they show no signs of wear except some minor wearing on the bottom of the sole . This was my first pair of ECCO shoes and because of this experience it wo n't be my last !
 Ecco shoes are the most consistantly comfortable shoes that I have ever purchased . I have five pair of them now . The Neoflexor Oxford has the traditional comfort and are surprisingly light and cool . A good casual spring and summer shoe and I have enjoyed wearing them .
 I love these shoes . I am a teacher and the kids in my class think my shoes are `` cool '' ... and so do I. I will likely buy another pair for when these wear out ... . if they ever do .
 I have been wearing Ecco 's since 1995 . They are the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . The Neoflexor Oxford may be the best ever .
 Not surprised by the excellent quality of yet another ECCO product . Their line of casual and sport shoes is excellent offering both quality at an appropriate price . Shoe is attractively styled , extremely comfortable and can be worn with jeans , khakis or dress slacks alike . Highly recommend this and all of their products.Amazon price very competitive !
 Have had these shoes for years . They deliver unfailing comfort and service as a frequent if not daily driver . Look good in the office for business-casual wear .
 Got these shoes in the mail the other day , and I got ta say , These are the most comfortable shoes Ihave ever worn . I am a bank teller so I 'm on my feet all day , these babies have taken away all my heel , arch , and toe . pain.my feet are still comfy after an 8-10 hour day . simply AMAZING.For those of you who are on the fence about buying eccos , Iwould say do yourself a favor , do your feet a favor , try these shoesESPECIALLY if your on your feet all day at work .
 Also have these in black . Nice comfortable shoes and I got em at a good price . ECCO . Makes great shoes.Thanks
 I bought a pair of these shoes on a whim from Nordstroms two years ago . They were on sale for about $ 100 which is much more than I usually pay even for dress shoes ... and I usually wo n't buy dress shoes with anything but leather soles . Some might consider these to be casual shoes , but they are nice enough to pass for dress shoes in most situations . My feet are D width , but some narrow D widths do n't work for me so I would say these are a generous D width if that makes sense . After two years they look quite good new with almost no wear on the soles . They hold a shine well and light scrathes heal with either instant or paste wax . The laces casual shoe thickness are good quality also . You could make these dressier with a different lace . The main feature of these is the comfort as everyone says . Mine also have a high quality removable insole which seems to help the shoes breath better . I am now buying a pair in black which will get more use than my brown pair .
 Ecco has done it again ! The neoflexor is a very comfortable shoe that makes you feel like you are walking on air . A great business/casual shoe that is comfortable . Great shoe for the price , and I never want to take them off because I do n't feel like I am even wearing shoes . Highly recommend the Ecco Neoflexor !
 La verdad que lo bueno no tiene precio.Este zapato es verdaderamente un articulo de buena calidad y de una comodidad inigualable.El primer dia de uso , fui de compra desde las 9:00 de la ma & ntilde ; ana hasta las 6:00 de la tarde y mis pies estaban totalmente descansados.Este un un zapato que vale mas de lo que cuesta por ser de excelente calidad .
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 I have been buying Van Eli Women 's Frankie Flat for years ! They are not only chic but also so-o-o comfortable - AND they are available in many NEUTRAL colors , which is especially handy when I travel -LRB- I do n't have to pack lots of different shoes -RRB- . I continue to buy replacements as my ` old ones ' wear out !! I hope this style is never discontinued !!!!
 I ordered this shoe in black leather with black patent trim . It would have been the perfect dressy flat shoe and I even ordered two sizes to try . Alas , neither fit well enough and both were uncomfortable . Hated having to send them back . I 'm still searching for a comparable shoe .
 I need a dress shoes without heels due to a bad back . These shoes were sold out at the local shoe , but Amazon saved the day ! A perfect fit with soft leather uppers and patent leather toe and heel , goes perfectly with pants or skirts . The very first time I purchased shoes online and it was a success !
 My feet are important and the quality of shoes I get my feet on are important too that 's why I choose Vaneli shoes , specially for the office , I wear them at least 9 hours a day that 's why I have these particular style in many colors . They are so comfortable and look very nice , the leather is so soft , they feel like gloves , true to the size , just make sure you order the right width . Nothing like Vaneli shoes !
 Wearing a AAAA shoe , it is very difficult to find a nice shoe in such widths . I have purchased several pairs of this shoe in many colors over the years . Goes with both skirts and pants . Just wish it came in silver !
 I love this shoe because it is dressy , classy and comfortable ... and a flat . I search extensively for the shoe with the proper look to wear with my suits . This shoe is it !! In addition to coming in various colors -- it comes with a patent tip/heel . And did I say comfortable ? There is no traditional break-in period . The shoe just molds itself to your foot -LRB- soft leather -RRB- . A must have .
 I actually ordered the black suede/black leather shoes and received these by mistake . But they 're so interesting and comfortable I decided to keep them . The suede is so soft it 's almost like wearing slippers that conform perfectly to your feet . I do n't usually like patent leather and that 's what the toe portion of the shoes are made of but it 's really attractive . I 'd recommend these shoes to even the most conservative among us . Try it , I think you 'll like them .
 Great looking shoe that can be dressed up or down . True to size and great dancing shoes with the leather soles .
 It does not have quite the support I need in a shoe -- wish that were not so as it is a beautiful shoe.I also need to have a heel that is rubberized as I found it easy to slip while testing out the shoe .
 I 've worn these VANELi dress flats for years and have them in several colors ... and highly recommend them for both comfort and quality . They are expensive , so I always wait for sales . However , the last few times I 've ordered these shoes on sale from this store on Amazon , the shoes have felt like they are at least a half a size too small . Sadly , I 've had to return them .
 I have a very narrow foot . Hard and expensive to fit . VANELi is one of the few shoes that meet my needs . These flats are great - can dress up or down . Would like to have a pair in every color .
 I really like this shoe ! It 's hard for me to find a shoe as narrow as I need , but this one fits just right across the toes and on the heel . It 's a little wide at the instep , but I can definitely live with it . I was a little dissappointed to find there is no arch support . I think if there were a support , the wideness would disappear .
 ... dress it up or dress it down . Comes in great colors and color combinations . I purchased this shoe in a black suede also . Beautiful ! I always get complements on them . I have the Black/Crocodile and the Red ones in my cart , ready to purchase .
 Finally found a shoe brand on line that is well constructed , excellent quality , and fits my narrow foot , plus being on sale . Will be back for more . And the shipping was fast also !
 my husband LOVED THESE , shipped fast and just in tiime for christmas will Definitely buy again if needed i recommend these
 I am glad to have been able to pick up the boot for my daughter for Christmas . The ones at the UGG site were much more expensive and the sizes were not big enough to fit her foot . This was a nice alternative .
 This pair of UGG 's has that classic UGG look , I bought a bigger size 11 , I wear a 10 1/2 , so the boot has a slightly sloppy feel.They are way to snug with athletic socks , maybe thin poypro socks would work perfectly . The boots feel really good on the bare feet around the house .
 Once you get past the fact as a guy you just bought uggs ; you can enjoy these babies . They are soo warm and comfortable
 Comfy and great quality . These are also a bit more &#34; manly &#34; so perfect for a gift to my husband . Best to go one size more than your regular size .
 I love them ! They are a great color adnd so SOFT inside ! I wear them everywhere ! The service was fast and the boots are the exactly as described in the listing !
 They really keep your feet so warm in sub 0 C temperature.I walk with these in the snow/ice and my feet are never cold nor wet.They are very comfortable and stylish.I recommend buying the cleaning/conditioning kit .
 The bomber chestnut uggs are so awesome ! Never wan na take them off since I got them . I wear them daily ... mostly as slippers , and wear them out when its really cold outside . I do n't care if people think they 're ugly . Who cares ... you 'll be the one with warm feet . Haters can freeze . Haha . No wonder you see every girl wearing uggs . Guys seriously , do n't hesitate ... they are so warm & comfy . Wear them with the jeans over the boot , and I do n't see how they look girly like some say.Only wish they came in bomber black too and wish they were really waterproof .
 Ugg boots are the warmest , most comfortable way to get through a winter ! Wear them without socks for maximum warmth -- they mold to your foot . I love mine !
 I bought these uggs for my husband , his Birthday is right after Christmas I could ` nt find mens ugg anywhere so I turned to Amazon where I always find the best deals . My husband loves these boots and wears them every day .
 Ugg boots are great . I bought these for my husband , the ladies sizes run a little big , I wear 8 1/2 and ordered 8 they were fine . For my husband , the half size down was too small .
 I came across these after searching for a casual but warm pair of boots or sneakers I could wear daily . After some debating , I purchased the chestnut color classic short . The price was higher than I was planning on spending , but many reviews said UGGs are great and worth the money . After wearing these for over a month now , I agree 100 % . These are seriously the best boots ever made ! Very warm and comfortable . They are so lightweight compared to my old timberlands , it 's like you 're not even wearing them . I wear them all day inside and out . My feet used to always get ice cold when sitting at my computer desk for many hours during the day . Now my feet stay very warm all day . My only complaint is they are not waterproof or resistant . So you ca n't really wear them out in the snow or rain . Also , FYI ... the sizes seem to run large . I normally wear a size 9 or 9 1/2 nike sneaker , and first ordered the size 9 UGG , and they were to big , especially when not wearing socks . I returned them and went with size 8 and they fit perfect . The inside fur will mold to your feet after a few days . Remember you 're supposed to wear them barefoot , without socks . Yes , seems weird at first , but believe me they are very comfortable that way . It 's so warm and like you 're walking on air ! I just hope they last for a few winter seasons . Now stop reading this , and just buy a pair for yourself !
 My last pair lasted me six years and I lived in Maine and the mountains at 6,000 ' in So Cal . Very warm and comfortable . I see women wearing these here in the summer . I would recommend getting them a size smaller because they run a little on the big size and the sheep skin lining does compact after awhile . For full warmth and feel do not wear socks .
 This is a delightful boot . The shearling liner is nothing short of luxurious for cold feet . Construction seems good -LRB- but I 'm only wearing them for the first time -RRB- and the fit is exactly as described
 Whoever has said that Uggs are not for men is crazy . I wear mine all the time and nobody cares . These boots are awesome ! They are my third pair and they hold up , even through snow and rain . I just waterproof them occasionally and it keeps them from looking dingy . Always order 1 size smaller as it will fit to your foot . It will seem small at first , but after a couple of wearings they will be formed . No socks is the most comfortable way to wear them . Feet never sweat , nor do the boots ever smell . They go with either casual pants or jeans . Your feet will be nice and toasty .
 The boots are very comfortable and warm . I 've been wanting them for a while , so when I found them on Amazon.com I ordered a pair.They do not have half sizes , and I wear a 9 1/2 , so I ordered a 10 . They were too big , so I contacted customer service . They advised me to return them and order size 8 . There 's quite a difference between an 8 and 9 1/2 , so I was skeptical . Winter is moving on and I realized it might be spring soon and I would n't need them , so I decided I needed a store where I can try them on.Glad I did , because the 8s were too tight . I bought size 9 , which fit just fine . If I had ordered the 8 's I might have made a $ 150 mistake and kept them not knowing the 9 's were a better choice .
 My boyfriend never takes them off , he absolutely loves them . Perfect for winter , and do n't even really look like uggs when not tucked in . Everyone thinks theyre regular boots .
 I bought a pair for my wife and she told me how warm her feet were while wearing them so I decided to buy a pair for myself . I wear them without socks as they are so warm and comfortable -- i think wearing socks w / these shoes would get a little too warm for my feet .
 I read some reviews said better buy this boots 1 or 1/2 size small , my real size is 8.5 , I bought size 8 and perfectly fit my feet . The boots are awesome , really warm and comfortable .
 I never thought I 'd pay $ 140 for a pair of slippers but with size 13 feet , which I stand on 10 hours a day at work , the feel , construction and fit on these is worth it . I 'm sure they will outlast the 2 pair of knock-offs I had previously . If you value your feet , do n't treat them cheap.Order the protective spray , too , since I learned the hard way . Seems Scotch-guard is not optimal for these .
 My man has a dropped foot and struggles to find comfortable shoes with a little bit of support . He loves these .
 I got my first pair as a Christmas gift 10 years ago and honestly did n't think I 'd ever wear them . Here it is a decade later ... field studies , camping trips , snow trips , international travel . I finally replaced my well worn -LRB- well traveled -RRB- boots . Yes , there are similar , less expensive brands and knock-offs out there but I just ca n't bring myself to buy them . The quality , durability and comfort I 've enjoyed are every bit the brand . Simply put , I love my UGGs .
 I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves them . He wears them every day and says his feels like he 's walking on clouds . Ca n't go wrong with Uggs ! They came very fast and in the Ugg box and arrived perfectly , no problems at all . Thank you for a wonderful transaction and great product !
 My husband loved his ugh boots he got to wear them for 2 days until the left one was damaged in a car accident they had to cut his boot off his foot and cut up his sand rail to get him out ! We are happy to have him alive :-RRB- In need of a left boot !
 these uggs were perfect except that they were too small for the intended giftee . I sent them back but it was no reflection on the product , for which I have utmost respect .
 These boots are fantastic ! Comfortable , warm , and high quality . Dirt and water are the biggest problems . I recommend a spray treatment to add some water and dirt resistance . I live in Alaska so I can wear them year around ! Highly recommend these !
 Fluffy , warm and comforting , which is the opposite of what my ice skates -LRB- hard , cold , and tight -RRB- are after a day coaching at the rink . It 's such a soothing relief to put my UGGs on that I find myself fantasizing about the moment when I can at last put these soft , furry , soothing cuddles upon my freezing aching feet . To me , it is one of the great pleasures in life if you savour the small things!I first saw these , let 's face it , clunky/odd looking boots in the 1980s when the surfers and ski bums started wearing them in California . They were only in natural brown/tan back then . UGGs and those heavy cotton hooded pullover tunics from Mexico were the de rigeur apre-ski/surf wear for that crowd . But sometime in the late 80s , as the Flashdance legwarmer was fading at the ice rink , suddenly the UGG boot gained fashion ascendancy . Every coach was wearing them , and soon their students emulated the coaches . And when they realized how warm and comfortable UGGs really were , the skate moms joined in too . I resisted for awhile , but finally received my first pair as a gift and so became assimilated .5 pairs , and 25 years later , I am still wearing them almost daily . I love my UGG boots and how they feel on my feet , and , honestly can care less that they are not the most flattering footwear for either gender . One tip for men , if you do n't find it embarrassing -LRB- and are secure , hehe -RRB- ... if you can find a Women 's UGG boot big enough and wide enough for your size feet , the women 's version actually looks more like a `` normal '' riding boots or classic line Wellys on a man , i.e. less puffy , less clunky.There is a lot of discussion about sizing here I notice . I 've never had sizing issues with any of my UGGs so far and I think they are a very forgiving type of shoe as far as fit . The fleece compresses and the sides are soft like a moccassin , so I am able to wear from a size 9 to 11 , or even a Women 's 11.5 . I always wear mine without socks , feet directly against wool fleece . I try not to wear them too much in heavy rain or slushy snow as they are definitely not waterproof , but to their credit , they do keep your feet warm even when wet.Yes , you can wash them . I do n't know if it is recommended , but I just wear them in a soapy shower , rinse them thoroughly with cold water after words , and then let them air dry suspended upside down . When they are almost dry , I put them on and wear them around the house a bit , to re-shape and body warmth dry them.Having worn several UGGs through their entire design lifetime , I can mention in my review the most common failure points . The first thing to break down in all my UGGs is the woolly footbed . Within a year , it will be completely compressed , bald or flat . Thereafter it will just tear apart . The good news is , it is now possible to buy after-market replacement footbeds , all fuzzy and fluffy.The next common failure point is colour fading in the coloured models . Black UGGs will fade to a greenish-grey . Tans actually seem to get darker -LRB- from skin oils ? -RRB- . A colleague of mine has lilac-purple UGGs and they seem to have faded to a light bluish tint after two to three years . They are suede out , so they soak up dye very readily if you want to re-dye them or change to a custom colour.Eventually , the stitching will break down and at some place the sole will separate from the upper . On one pair , it happened near the toe , and on two other separate pair , it happened at the heels . This is still ok , as these were very old UGGs -LRB- 5 years plus -RRB- and I merely re-sewed , glued and patched them up.Finally , in very old UGGs , the sole will just through normal erosion wear through ! You 'll notice long before that the tread is all gone , and then one day you 'll notice that your feet are getting wet in the rain . It 's a sad day when you have to retire an old pair of UGGs .
 Too small - ordered same size as my husband 's current boots but dont fit the same . they are too tight now .
 Workmanship acceptable ... had loose stitching . They will look good and the issue sshould not be a problem , It is just aquality control oversight .
 So warm ... especially love to wear them in my bare feet . They are very comfortable , like wearing a big socks . I told all my kids to get them .
 I got these boots this past christmas after looking far and wide to find a stylish yet practical solution for a long , cold New England winter . They are on the pricey side but the quality is impeccable ! The are a bit on an investment , but a good one to say the least .
 Had to buy a mens size 11 for my daughter since no one has size 12 Uggs in stock . She loves them and they fit great .
 They came last week and I love them . The size smaller instruction was the correct information . I was wary and wore them around the house for a couple of days , but my regular size would have been too big . They are warm and soft . Sadly , they too are made in China
 Product was good as usual , this is the second pair we have purchased . This company is new , but they provided fast and efficient service - I was surprised by how quick it was . Very satisfied with purchase .
 I rely on other reviews especially about sizing . I found this product amazing but not the reviews that said this product was sized bigger so order correct size . Not so in my case.But again , the boot is amazing and I will try again to get the right size.The seller was quick to respond both in shipping and answering email . Would do business with them again .
 My wife bought them for me for CHristmas and they feel great !! It reminds me of growning up on the beach when as kids we always wore them !
 I ordered these boots a few weeks ago , just before it got super cold . Trust me , you will not regret buying them . A lot of people say there just for women , but there 's no reason a guy ca n't wear them.Please note
 Sorry a sheep had to die , -LRB- or is it dye ? -RRB- , for my pleasure , but my feet appreciate the sacrifice . I am barefoot always , weather permitting , and sockless year-round regardless , so slipping on these brown beauties makes my toes , and by their relationship to my feet , etc. , all of me very happy indeed . Do n't expect UGGS to last forever , they do n't , but they do do the job they were meant to do do and will do for you too . By the way , never buy UGGS thinking they are good looking . They are n't . But your feet will tell the rest of the style world to walk away .
 The boots are beautiful and they came really fast - thanks for the great service !
 Great boots and from my experience I can say get them in the size you normally wear . I wear size 12 . However initially , I got them in size 11 but were too small .
 I gave this pair of Uggs to my husband for Christmas & he loves them . He said his feet are very warm & comfortable . He evens wears them with his shorts .
 My Dad loves these boots and wo n't wear anything else ! They run true to size and fit him great ! I 've been buying him Uggs for years now , but I was delighted to find these in black this year ! Shipment came fast and I would do business with this Seller again .
 I purchased these UGGS through Amazon because I could not find them anywhere in the correct size in my town . I gave them to my husband for Christmas and this was his favorite gift . I was afraid he might wear them to bed .
 Very comfortable , very stylish . They 're exactly as they look in the picture and are of the highest quality . Very pleased .
 They might cost more than the knock-offs but they are obviously made better ; the stitching is tighter , the shearling is thicker , and the soles are attached much more securely . I purchased these as a gift for my cold-feet husband to wear around our house which has wood floors . Since we keep the thermostat fairly low these days , the floors can be a little chilly but these keep his feet warm and cozy .
 My girlfriend -LRB- now ex -RRB- bought me my first pair of CLASSIC SHORT UGgs last Christmas . At first I was leary about wearing them but once I tried them on and wore them to sbnowblow the driveway for my dad I was hooked . Now UGGs are an obsession with me.I own 11 , no now 12 pairs in the classic short and ultra short styles.Anyone who says `` guys cant wear UGGs '' is wrong ! -LSB- ... -RSB- will verify UGGs were originally made for men/boys . yeck if Ashton Kutcher , Bruce Willis , Jonas Bros. , and Justin Timberlake can wear UGGs then why ca n't I ? UGGs keep your barefeet warm in the winter and `` yes '' cool in the summer and `` no '' your barefeet do NOT sweat or smell up your UGGs . The key is to NOT wear socks when wearing UGGs . I highly recommend UGG CLASSIC SHORT boots to any guy/boy or woman/girl . well for the ladies the classic tall looks really `` hot '' I think . Now go rock your -LSB- ... -RSB- review by Nick 14M
 good service and quick shipment.will buy again when needed , boot 's fit great , just like my old one 's -LSB- after a few day 's -RSB- .
 Oh yes , the famous Ugg ... The biggest thing that brought them to the attention of the American public was an Oprah episode in 2000 when she rant and raved about how great they were . Ever since then they have been hard to find because once the secret got out , everyone wanted a pair . Well , as a die-hard Ugg fan , I can say that she 's absolutely right.I purchased my first pair of Short Ugg Boots in 1995 after dating a girl that had a pair -LRB- of Uggs that is -RRB- . I instantly fell in love with them -LRB- again , the Uggs -RRB- . The girlfriend did n't last , but 15 years later , I 'm still wearing those same pair of Uggs !!! They have held up wonderfully and are still in great condition . In 2002 I purchased a second pair of Uggs , one pair for wearing in the house only since I do n't wear shoes in the house , and the second pair -LRB- my older ones -RRB- became my outdoor-only pair . In 2002 I purchased a pair of replacement insoles for my original pair , but that 's all that was needed . Over time the soft rubber bottom has hardened , but I mean , I 've had them for 15 years ! They are extremely well-made and I 've never had any issue with the stitching coming undone or anything else . Every girlfriend I have had since 1995 always seems to find my Uggs in the house , and although big on their feet , they will still wear them because they are so cozy . They are a hit with everyone.I normally wear my Uggs with socks because without socks , my feet tend to sweat in them . That might also be why they 've lasted for so long . Some folks might not want to wear socks with them , and that is fine too . I actually think I 'm in the minority wearing them with socks . I love wearing them while driving up to the ski slopes and also in the snow . You CA N'T make them waterproof , but every few years I 'll apply a spray to them to make them water resistant , and this works pretty good . You can get this spray any place Uggs or sold or any luggage store . The stuff I buy is made to be put on suede . I have a few small stains on my 15 yr old pair from liquids in the kitchen , but it 's nothing major . I also wear them out to the grocery store and such , but they 're not something you 're going to be able to run in or enjoy if you have to do a lot of walking , at least , not the Short Boot version . For short errands outside and around the house they 're great , but you might not enjoy the hard rubber sole for when you 're cuddled up on the couch with a blanket.Uggs are n't cheap at first , but if you consider how long you 'll own them , they pay for themselves over the long run .
 I wear a size 13 Nike shoe and most other shoes too and got these in 13 but had to return them as too small and orders size 15 which was the perfect fit for me ...
 It came on time and it fits ! I love the color too . It 's unique enough that not everyone has it , but goes with a lot of stuff .
 As a boater I get cold feet . These , even with shorts , keep the cold at bay and are easy to wear . I was disappointed that the new ones are made in China . The previous ones may have been made there but these I noticed . The quality appears to be the same .
 Unfortunately , the shoes were too small ... andf I will need to send them back and order a larger size -LRB- 8 at least -RRB-
 Great ... best boot investment i 've made . Your feet are the most precious thing our body carries and when they feel good , your whole body falls in line .
 my first par of ultra short uggs lasted me about 12 years so i fought the classic because they did n't have my size in the ultra . the classic fits a little different not bad just different i found them to be a little tight around the toes so i returned them for the nest size . the return was hassle free .
 A great Christmas gift . My daughter wears them every few days , that tells me she thinks they look good on her , they keep her feet warm and they are feel good on her feet .
 Got these for my husband after he wrecked a pair of mine trying to wear them ! Now he has his own pair and stays away from mine !
 I ordered these in the size that I normlly wear , 11 . They fit perfectly and equally important , they provided a stable platform for my feet.Before ordering the UGGs , I tried EMU and Acorn sheepskin boots ; they felt odd and unstable as I walked . The UGGs are great in all respects . I highly recommend them .
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 I bought this pump in brown for my wedding . It matches perfectly with my brown and lilac dress . But it does runs small . I 'm a true size 9 but ordered a size 9.5 . And even the 9.5 fit a little snug on my feet at first but loosened up within 1/2 hour of having them on . They could be worn with jeans and a nice top as well .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 This shoe is an excellent running shoe ... It 's a little tight at first but after a day or two it wonderful ... When you order your shoe order a 1/2 size larger , they do run small
 I bought these after having own Asics 2080s , which I loved . I wanted another pair of shoes with the IGS system . The product description says that these shoes do , but upon receiving them I do not believe that they do . No where on the shoe does it say IGS , unlike my 2080s which clearly have the IGS symbol on the heel.Other than that , they are fairly comfortable shoes . I have not had the opportunity to run in them yet , as I am still breaking them in .
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 My feet have never been cold or wet in these boots . I love them for hunting and sledding with my kids . These boots are much lighter than other boots so you do n't feel like you 've been wearing cement shoes when you get home.They hold up very well with repeated use . My parents use them on the farm and they do n't crack like other brands . The only problem I have with these is keeping my son from stealing them .
 My husband wanted a pair of boots that were warm , mid-calf , waterproof , and easy on and off . These boots fit the bill . They 're great for working in our muddy yard .
 The rubber quality is excellent -LRB- probably because they 're made in Canada -RRB- and the liner is super plush and comfy . My feet are comfy , warm and dry . I could n't ask for more than that . very impressed
 i 'm a true 11 . these were way big . if they fit more tightly they would be better - no bad otherwise
 I bought these boots for winter use on my boat and I find them to be useful around the house as well . They are warm , water tight and very comfortable . The price was right and the seller shipped fast . Good deal all around .
 I bought these to take bird watching at the Horicon Marsh in Wisconsin . Did not need to wear them often , but when we did they were just the thing . Slogged thru a boggy bit up on a hillside , and were surprised by a flock of sand hill cranes rising up out of the farmland next to wear we were . Could n't have got there otherwise , unless up to our ankles in squishy , mushy mud.They are comfortable boots , quick on and off . Liners stay put unless you want to remove them . Ca n't rate the boots for warms , as it was not cold up there when we were there . But i imagine they will be quite handy in the winter . Well made , sturdy - should last a long time . Drawstring helps keep pant legs in place .
 Warm , durable , comfortable boots . The best rubber boots I have owned . Stiff arch support missing in many other rubber boots . Ca n't beat the price . Worth much more !
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 My feet have never been cold or wet in these boots . I love them for hunting and sledding with my kids . These boots are much lighter than other boots so you do n't feel like you 've been wearing cement shoes when you get home.They hold up very well with repeated use . My parents use them on the farm and they do n't crack like other brands . The only problem I have with these is keeping my son from stealing them .
 My husband wanted a pair of boots that were warm , mid-calf , waterproof , and easy on and off . These boots fit the bill . They 're great for working in our muddy yard .
 The rubber quality is excellent -LRB- probably because they 're made in Canada -RRB- and the liner is super plush and comfy . My feet are comfy , warm and dry . I could n't ask for more than that . very impressed
 i 'm a true 11 . these were way big . if they fit more tightly they would be better - no bad otherwise
 I bought these boots for winter use on my boat and I find them to be useful around the house as well . They are warm , water tight and very comfortable . The price was right and the seller shipped fast . Good deal all around .
 I bought these to take bird watching at the Horicon Marsh in Wisconsin . Did not need to wear them often , but when we did they were just the thing . Slogged thru a boggy bit up on a hillside , and were surprised by a flock of sand hill cranes rising up out of the farmland next to wear we were . Could n't have got there otherwise , unless up to our ankles in squishy , mushy mud.They are comfortable boots , quick on and off . Liners stay put unless you want to remove them . Ca n't rate the boots for warms , as it was not cold up there when we were there . But i imagine they will be quite handy in the winter . Well made , sturdy - should last a long time . Drawstring helps keep pant legs in place .
 Warm , durable , comfortable boots . The best rubber boots I have owned . Stiff arch support missing in many other rubber boots . Ca n't beat the price . Worth much more !
 I am happy with the service and the product except the boots are a little narrow for my feet I am hoping that they will stretch out with them being worn .
 These boots are great for their purpose -LRB- Wonder Woman costume , which should n't surprise -RRB- , but to echo other feedback , the calf size is VERY small . My calf is about 16 inches around it 's widest part , and I can barely get the boots zipped halfway . They are not stretchy at all because of the patent leather . If you can sew -LRB- as I can -RRB- , you may be able to insert elastic on the back or zipper to accommodate this , but otherwise you might want to consider a different purchase .
 Super fast delivery . Thank you . I will be wearing these boots with a 70 's style dress . They are beautiful and I cant wait to wear them . I have aways had big calves and they fit perfect . They seem well made with nice material . I love these boots !
 I have skinny calves , so the previous reviews stating they were too small in the calves helped motivate me to make this purchase ! These boots are awesome ! I get complements every day . I did insert arch supports , which I do with most boots I buy . The price could n't be better .
 Just came across this boot , and i 'm surprised at not only how good they look , but the prices for them were quite reasonable as well as affordable . Not to mention , they 'd look great with any Goth outfit or worn with regular slacks/jeans . I 'd highly recommend these boots for both Goth girls and guys alike .
 I really loved the boots . The quality is very good . And it is very comfortable .
 these are great for those white summer dresses . This looks like such a crisp , clean look . truly unique shoe !
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 I am happy with the service and the product except the boots are a little narrow for my feet I am hoping that they will stretch out with them being worn .
 These boots are great for their purpose -LRB- Wonder Woman costume , which should n't surprise -RRB- , but to echo other feedback , the calf size is VERY small . My calf is about 16 inches around it 's widest part , and I can barely get the boots zipped halfway . They are not stretchy at all because of the patent leather . If you can sew -LRB- as I can -RRB- , you may be able to insert elastic on the back or zipper to accommodate this , but otherwise you might want to consider a different purchase .
 Super fast delivery . Thank you . I will be wearing these boots with a 70 's style dress . They are beautiful and I cant wait to wear them . I have aways had big calves and they fit perfect . They seem well made with nice material . I love these boots !
 I have skinny calves , so the previous reviews stating they were too small in the calves helped motivate me to make this purchase ! These boots are awesome ! I get complements every day . I did insert arch supports , which I do with most boots I buy . The price could n't be better .
 Just came across this boot , and i 'm surprised at not only how good they look , but the prices for them were quite reasonable as well as affordable . Not to mention , they 'd look great with any Goth outfit or worn with regular slacks/jeans . I 'd highly recommend these boots for both Goth girls and guys alike .
 I really loved the boots . The quality is very good . And it is very comfortable .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 I love this basic rubber flip flop style but these are way over-priced . My shopping on Amazon saved me lots of time and gas money in finding the solid colors I wanted . I have bought them in the past at a fraction of the price but this time I did n't ride from store to make my selection .
 I bought these for my wife who absolutely loves them . They 're simple yet well built that I think she 'll be able to wear them for quite some time .
 great flip flops , very comfy and cute . I would highly recommend them to anyone who love to wear flip flops .
 I 've tried many sandals and these havaianas are so comfortable ! I love the feel of them , the only problem I might have is the sizing . They have different sizes , the sizes for US vs the sizes they list as Havaianas are different , I wanted just the plain medium but it was n't in stock so I chose the medium in Havaiana style and they 're a bit short . Still fit great but it probably would 've been better in the US medium . Great sandals though !! And totally inexpensive !! I may just get another pair
 These really are the best brand of flip-flops on the market . I recently had a pair that I bought back in 2007 finally give out on me . I wore these flip-flops all the time and everywhere . They were my main foot wear for several summers in Europe and never had any problems with them . I was so disappointed when I had to trash them , but I immediately ordered another pair . I 'm sure they 'll last me for another 5 years !
 I ordered two pair for an upcoming cruise . Have worn them both to the beach . They are comfortable , true to size and easy to shake the sand off of !!
 I LOVE these flip flops . These are my third pair , and while they are a little bit more expensive , they are worth it . The material almost grips your feet while you walk , and get more comfortable as they wear . They also last far longer than the cheaper ones . One thing I have noticed is periodically one of the straps comes out , but it is easily put back in and does not happen again for months . Do not hesitate to spend the extra money on these , you will not regret it .
 Wanted these for when I get out of the pool . They work great for that and dry fast . Also quite comfortable .
 Since I was sick of all my old flip flops from the past summers I decided to simply throw them out and only salvage anything that was not made of rubber . I have always heard how wonderful Havaianas shoes were so I decided to give them a try and ordered six pairs online and it was a good choice after all.Now I know why all this hype surrounds this brand because they really are fantastic . I am wearing the Graphite pair today and the color is slightly metallic and really looks like the dark lead of the pencil . The rubber sole is heavenly , very cushy and comfortable and the part that goes between the toes is seamless , good thing too since my last pair of old flip flops cut and hurt my skin to the point of me wearing sneakers for a whole weak after that . The color combinations and the wild prints an patterns are endless , I am going to get few more pairs since there are always good deals online for these . I think I can find a match for just about any outfit under the sun . These also make no squeaky noise when I walk and there 's nothing worse than sounding like a duck!Great basic flip flop , A + - Kasia S.
 I discovered Havaianas two and half years ago , shortly before a trip to Hawaii . I bought two pairs , black and orange , at rock bottom prices thinking it was insane to pay $ 20 for flip-flops . Good lord , I was wrong.These are the most wearable , walkable flip-flops I 've ever known . I 've walked miles in these things , across hot tar even . After two years , the original two pairs hardly showed depressions in them ... this is highly unusual with the cheapos.I recently ordered 7 new pairs -LRB- crazy , yes , I know -RRB- , and found all of the solid colored classics fit and look just as great as the ones I first fell for .
 I have over ten pairs of Havaianas and I love them all ! They stay put on my feet and are never slippery in and out of water . This is a nice shade of navy , which goes with everything . My work is pretty casual , so I 'm usually in this or one of my pairs of Havaianas all day .
 I adore Havaianas and wo n't by any other flip-flop . I 'm back to buy another pair -LRB- I always keep a few in rotation -RRB- since the strap broke on my lovely lilac ones after , oh , four years of use . Sure , you can pick up several cheap pairs every season and keep replacing them after a couple months of use ... you 're basically throwing your money away . Purchase something that lasts . They also do have incredible soles . I ca n't tell you how many things I 've stepped on in Havaianas that would have gone straight through cheap flip-flops -LRB- e.g. , broken glass , metal scraps -RRB- . Another plus , they stand up to a good scrubbing and do n't look crap afterward , again , unlike other flip-flops . Oh , and a note on the sizing ... conversion from European to US is always bunged . I 'm a 10 US , which I 've always been told is a 40 European , but it 's more like a 40.5 . I always buy a 41 in European-sized shoes and they fit beautifully . If you think you 're a 38 , 40 , etc. round up to the next size . It will be more comfortable .
 I really like these flip flops , but whether they are worth the money is questionable . They are very soft and comfortable , but do n't seem that much different from other flip flops you can get a the drugstore .
 I 'm so happy with these flip flops ! They feel very sturdy , yet still lightweight and VERY comfortable . I ordered white and they 're very cute so I 'm getting them in two other colors . Sure , you can get cheaper brands of flip flops , but these really feel like they 're well-made and will last a long time . Definite 5-star purchase !
 my fav sandals in black cant match them with anything i love that they r comfy and how they wont slip wheres it wet !
 These flip-flops are more comfortable than I expected for the price , nearly as comfortable as a pair of more expensive ones I own .
 The best flip-flop to be found . This transaction was seamless and the shipping efficient .
 I 've been wearing zories for 50 years and these are the absolute best ! The best thing is this rubber does n't rub the top of your foot - no blisters like plastic or cheap rubber - and they are super cushy and amazingly durable . I 've got 3 pairs so far and am sure I 'll need more .
 These are by far the most comfortable flip flops I own -LRB- and I own a lot ! -RRB- . The rubber sole is what does it ! It 's very cushy !
 These are the most comfortable flip-flops I 've ever had . They are so soft , yet sturdy . I have many pairs in lots of colors and wear them every chance I get . I think they 're different because they 're made of rubber instead of foam . More expensive than the cheap ones at Target that cost $ 2 , but worth the $ 15 or so for these . They are so comfortable ! You will love them .
 I recieved my flip flops right in time for my vacation and they were Perfect ! I love the color and as with all my other Havaianas very comfy !
 I 'm obsessed with wearing flip flops . Havaianas are the most comfortable flip flops I own . I wear them everyday ! I recommend them to any person obsessed with flip flops
 I like it very much !!!!! It feels pretty comfortable when I wear it . I think I will buy more flip flops from here .
 I own several pairs of Havaianas and was a little concerned about ordering them online after perusing the reviews . I decided to go ahead and order a pair in same size as my other ones , a 39/40 , and they fit perfectly . All of the other pairs I own I bought in person , so I had the benefit of trying them on ahead of time . I had n't realized that a 39/40 translates to a size 9/10 , so it would appear that these do run large . I am a true size 8 in all of my other shoes but I am apparently a 9/10 in Havaianas.I would recommend that before ordering them online you try them on in person if possible to guarantee size accuracy . They are much cheaper on amazon than in other retail stores I 've been to so I am very pleased with my purchase . I find them to be more comfortable and durable than any other flip flop brand . I 've had my other pairs for years and have put them through a lot of abuse and they still look and feel great . If you have very sensitive feet or are prone to sweating , these may not be the right sandal for you . Because they are rubber , they are easy to clean and never smell like other foam flip flops .
 After buying a cheapo flip flop in the past , I can say that it 's definitely worth forking out the big bucks for a good quality Havaianas . My cheapos , lasted a week , the foam started to shrink and the color discoloured onto my feet . My Havaianas on the other hand have maintained their thickness . They do n't stain my feet -LRB- I 've got black ones -RRB- and I 've worn them to everywhere -LRB- even riding my bike -RRB- . Best part is , they are so comfy .
 These flip flops are amazing . I was skeptical at first , but after buying these , I can never wear the `` cheaper '' brands of similar flops . The rubber soles on these are so much better than the cheaper brands . It is a lot more dense , so you do n't feel as many rocks and what not under them . I live in flip flops all summer long , and I can wear these 24/7 without my feet hurting at all . They last forever too . I 've had a pair for at least 3 years , and they are still going strong . So for the higher price , you get comfy feet and several years of wear . I think that 's fair .
 I bought this and also a pair in white . THE most comfortable flip flops on earth . I did not give the full 5 stars because of the price .
 I love havaiana flip flops and prefer to wear only these ! They are comfortable , very durable , and last a really long time . The only issue I had with mine was the fact that since they were shipped , the top straps that sit over my foot warped a little bit and it took them a long long time to straighten out and sit right .
 These are THE BEST flip flops ever . Seriously , I mean it ! I live Austin , TX and the flip flop is the unofficial state shoe almost year round , however , the heat and humidity here can really take a toll on the poor standard flip flop and they burn out -LRB- at least mine did -RRB- within a month of being put into use . But not Havaianas ! These last for the long haul and their pretty designs do not rub off or fade after repeated wearing . They last so long that it is hard to justify buying more than one pair , but I have n't let that stop me ! If you are looking for a durable , pretty little flip flop for the summer - you can do no better than these . The price may be a bit more than your standard drug store $ 1.99 variety but Havaianas are well and truly worth it .
 I love these flip flops . I have several pairs now and enjoy every pair I have gotten . They are a bit more than the average flip flop . But they last longer and the rubber really is cushy . I got them in lime and the color is very true to the color shown .
 This product was shipped quickly and was exactly what i was looking for ... the shoes are great if you dont already own a pair you should try them out !
 Havaiana 's are the best ! Extremely comfortable and durable . Besides daily wear , I also took these on a monthlong backpacking trip to Asia , and they have help up great . They were looking pretty dingy a few weeks ago , so I just tossed them in the dishwasher !
 I had been told about these by my family and friends for awhile and finally decided to give them a shot and I am so glad I did . They are without question the best pair of flip flops I have ever owned . The traction is great , they are well made and they NEVER ever stink no matter what . I love how comfortable they are and look forward to buying several more pairs when summer approaches next year . BUY THESE SANDALS !!!
 I think the sizes have changed as these are larger than the last 37/38 ones I had . Regardless , Havaianas are really comfortable though you need new ones every few years .
 Standard , good Havaianas . Not sure if it 's the exact same pair as I got from Nordstrom , but this one seemed to have less thickness/less sturdy than the Havaianas I 'd gotten at Nordstrom . Still a comfortable pair .
 These have been my favorite summer footwear since I bought my first pair of brown havaianas in Australia 9 years ago ! They are soooo comfortable - I finally broke down and bought a second pair of black ones since they 've gotten more wear . These treat your feet much better than the cheap Old Navy ones and considering they last so long the price is n't bad either .
 I love these flip flops . My friend was living in Brazil and sent a pair to me several years back and my dog `` played '' with one and I had to replace them because they were so comfortable and NOT MADE IN CHINA . I ordered green and brown . I do n't think I o rdered the exact same model that she bought me and these are slightly less pliable -LRB- SLIGHTLY -RRB- , but maybe they just need broke in .
 I bought these to give as a gift and the receiver loved them except they were a size too small so I had to ship them back . I have always liked Havaianas though so it was no surprise that the person I gave it to really liked them too .
 The flip flops are so comfortable and the best that I have ever worn . The workmanship is very good product and the shiping was fast .
 I have been a havaiana fan for years and am never let down . Color is so fun , quality is excellent as always !
 I bought a few pairs of Havianas . They go with everything . Also , you can walk in them all day ! Great quality , very worth it !
 This is like my 5th pair of these flip flops and I just love them . Because they are quality made you never have to worry about them turning your feet the color of the flip flop like the cheaper ones do . Very comfortable too !
 Love Havaianas !! The color was exactly as pictured . The thing I like the most about this product is the variety of colors that are offered . I am happy with my purchase .
 I bought 2 pairs of these wore them for a while they are the best , just like butter . I had to order more . And the colors are the best.I hope more get restocked has not to many colors in my size . And they came in just 4 days , great service . Thanks
 I love Havaianas flip flops -- they last forever , they never give you blisters , they 're comfortable and provide as much support as you can expect from flip flops . I 've worn them on trips that require a lot of walking in all kinds of weather -- from San Francisco to Paris . And they 're cute !
 I love havaianas ! I have two pairs , one brown and one blue , I could n't wait to get some black one 's ! They 're so comfortable and very simple and cute .
 I first bought my first pair of black Havaianas about 5 years ago and i honestly still have them.They are still as comfortable and look great as when i first bought them from the store even though I 've worn them so much from going to the beach , pool , vacation , to the grocery store , shopping , checking mail , running errands , yeah the list is endless and they still are good to go except the bottom sole which finally made me have to buy news ones.I do find that the sizing runs a little `` bigger '' then what it used to but i really do not mind it one bit . The news are just as great and identical to the ones i bought so many years ago and have absolutely loved . I know a lot of people are going to be like are you kidding me that 's disgusting keeping them same pair for so many years ... hmmhmh ... NO ! It is n't since the style is identical no one knows how long you 've had them for , for starters and since they were n't worn out why would i replace them until i actually had to?I probably have almost all the available colors by now and i do favor the top flip flop style compared to the others one available but that it is just my personal opinion.You get beyond a bang for your buck on this pair !! I DEFINITELY recommend and would buy again and again and again ... Simply love these flip-flops ! Super comfortable , stylish and literally everlasting .
 I love Havianas ! I bought my first pair in Australia in 2005 and went back to the store for another pair in a different color a few days later . I wear them almost every day in the summer . They 're very comfortable and wear like iron ! The only reason I 'm ordering some now is because a new puppy chewed up my favorite brown pair and I 'm getting navy blue also . The black pair that I 've had since 2005 are still in great shape .
 These shoes feel very comfy.The footbed is thick and flexible . My problem with these shoes is the sizing . I used the Havaianas website for my sizing info and disregarded the US size for women , just as their instructions said to do . I measured my feet , my old flip flops and used their guide to pick my size . They do not fit . My heel hangs off the back and my toes off the front . Their webisite said the 37/38 should fit a 7-8 in women 's and that shoe measures 10 inches long heel to toe . That particular size arrived and only measures 9 inches long . I 'm not sure about their sizing . Ca n't seem to get it right , but definitely think they would be well worth the price once you find the right size .
 I love these flip flops !! They 're a stronger , great quality rubber and are true to size . I want to order more of these in different colors .
 I have been using Haviana 's for multiple years now and they usually last me a minimum of a year . I find that they are the right price for the duration of time it lasts . I will continue to buy haviana 's for years to come . The price is only a few cents less than purchasing it from other retailers but amazon 's shipping always makes it easier to just arrive at my door step . If you are looking for a good quality flip flop and buy multiple pairs over the course of a year then this is your one stop , look no further havianas is the way to go .
 I ordered 2 pairs of these flip-flops since I misplaced the pair of flip-flops I had here several days ago while moving some stuff around and have not been able to find them . No doubt they will eventually re-appear , but I missed not having a pair since I use them every morning to get in and out of the bath , and even to wear around my residence . There was a slight glitch during the delivery process since this item was shipped by DHL Home to my P. O. Box , and DHL does not generally deliver to P. O. boxes . The moment I realized that the shipment had been sent out by DHL , I contacted Amazon customer service and spoke to a nice woman by the name of Tasha -LRB- Amazon has a service where their customer service people will call YOU immediately , and this is exactly what Tasha did -RRB- , who was very helpful and ensured that this delivery would get to me in the event that DHL was not able to leave my package with the Post Office . I am not sure what transpired , exactly , but the package arrived at the Post Office yesterday , 2 days before it 's scheduled delivery date and I was able to pick it up last night . I have to say that all of my experiences with Amazon have been very positive , and I have recommended them to many people . The flip-flops themselves are comfortable , although I was surprised by the rough , raised pattern on the surface of the foot pad . Intially , I was n't sure that I would like walking on it , but now it feels like getting a little foot massage . I bet the surface texture was added so that the your feet do n't slide when the flip-flops get wet . If so , this is welcome . Since it is now the winter season , the store where I purchased the pair I misplaced currently has none in stock . This is another nice feature of shopping Amazon.com . You can find things `` out of season '' .
 These are fantastic flip flops . Durable and comfortable , I have at least a dozen pairs . The ones with the skinnier straps seem less comfortable , but sometimes the wider ones -LRB- like shown here -RRB- can be turned and can dig into the top of the foot . If not for that they are perfect . For the price , you ca n't beat them .
 My sister in law sent us some from Brazil . That was 6 years ago and my ONLY pair just gave out a couple of days ago . This is amazing considering that the sandals went through A LOT . Yes everyday use , tons of walking in them . You name it . I abused them . I am looking now to get me a new pair because the ones from the store have already given me calluses on my ankles and the rubber is of such poor quality . I love Havaianas and recommend them as the best sandals out there : -RRB-
 This is a very comfortable flip flop for a good price . I 've worn them a few times and do not get that chafing in between toes like with the cheaper ones . I will wear these all summer ! Great neutral color with jeans and jean shorts .
 I love these shoes and have been wearing them for 10 years . They are very durable and comfortable .
 It shipped very fast . It does n't feel like any other cheap flip flop . It feels &#34; heavy &#34; . It 's also very comfortable and very true to size.I hope it lasts as long as everyone says it does .
 Long lasting and comfortable . I have bought cheap flip flops that do n't last a season and I end up spending more having to replace them . I love them !
 i wear these flip flops all the time . love the brand . love them in this color and other colors . will def buy again .
 These are sturdy for flip flops and actualy comfortable which you do not usually find in a flip flop . My only complaint and it may just be me but they hurt/rub between my toes .
 I bought these to use as shower shoes at the gym . I did n't give a lot of thought about people 's comments that they are super comfortable because that was n't a concern . So I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they are indeed comfortable . Not that I have walked all that much in them -LRB- from the locker to the shower -RRB- , but I think those other reviewers might be right . As for a shower shoe , they are perfect . They do not hold water and they dry off easily . I am really glad that I purchased them and will probably buy another pair for this summer .
 I 've heard a lot of good reviews about Havaianas , so when making a flip flop purchase I decided to give it a try . I was not disappointed . I 've owned several different flip flops , but Havaianas has been the best for giving both style and comfort . The only downside to my purchase is ordering the wrong size . Besides that , this was a great purchase and I 'm considering ordering more in the near future .
 I purchased these for my wife who is a big fan of flip flops . She reports these are the very best money can buy .
 I wear a size 6 in converse sneakers and the 35/36 just barely fit . I think the next size up was too big at the store . Anyway , still happy with my purchase . Hopefully these will last longer than 3 months unlike my pair of Havaianas Slim . RIP
 These are my favorite flip flops . Even though they are no frills , they have the best foam are are super comfortable . This was just a backup pair , my old ones will stay in the gym bag now . Happy to see these on Amazon and for such a great price . Thanks !
 For inexpensive , rubbery flip flops , these are really durable and comfortable . I have an old pair of rubber ones from an upscale retailer , and they became misshapen and flat pretty quickly . Not these . I have two pair and am considering a third ...
 I bought these Havaianas on amazon because I heard that this brand was great for flip flops , so I wanted to try it out . I get anxious when ordering items that have sizes online since I do n't want to accidentally order the wrong size . So I went to various sites including the original Havaianas store online and checked that I was ordering the right size . However , when I got my package in the mail and I put the flip flops on , the back of my heel protruded at least a good inch or so . I was quite sad when this occurred after all my hard work of trying to find the right size . Thankfully , my roommate was interested in buying them so I did n't have to return the shoes.I think I might order a pair my size in the future though . I still want to test how comfortable these shoes are !
 i have bought at least 8 pairs of these and i like the feel the wear and the way they hold out .
 These sandals hold up nicely , and the fact that there are many colors to choose from is great ... will pack well for my trip the the islands next month ... did I mention they are comfortable to wear ...
 I love these slippers . I 've had several pair over the years and always buy more . Very comfortable and great for everyday .
 These are the most solid flip flops out there . Havianas run true to size and come in great colors . They arrived quickly .
 Great buy ! The rubber sole is firm , protects the heels . They really deserve to be called best in the world !
 these flip flops are amazing ! they 're super comfortable , they do n't irritate my feet and they go with just about every summer outfit I have ! a must for all beach bums ! : -RRB-
 These flip flops look great & feel great . Who could ask for more ? I even ordered more in different colors .
 The last time I went to Brazil , I was really young and was able to bring back a couple of Havaianas . Ten years later , some of those shoes worn out because of so much wear ! This shoes are super comfy like walking of marshmallows . So I had to restock so I this one on Amazon . I love them and I just ca n't stop wearing them !
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 My feet have never been cold or wet in these boots . I love them for hunting and sledding with my kids . These boots are much lighter than other boots so you do n't feel like you 've been wearing cement shoes when you get home.They hold up very well with repeated use . My parents use them on the farm and they do n't crack like other brands . The only problem I have with these is keeping my son from stealing them .
 My husband wanted a pair of boots that were warm , mid-calf , waterproof , and easy on and off . These boots fit the bill . They 're great for working in our muddy yard .
 The rubber quality is excellent -LRB- probably because they 're made in Canada -RRB- and the liner is super plush and comfy . My feet are comfy , warm and dry . I could n't ask for more than that . very impressed
 i 'm a true 11 . these were way big . if they fit more tightly they would be better - no bad otherwise
 I bought these boots for winter use on my boat and I find them to be useful around the house as well . They are warm , water tight and very comfortable . The price was right and the seller shipped fast . Good deal all around .
 I bought these to take bird watching at the Horicon Marsh in Wisconsin . Did not need to wear them often , but when we did they were just the thing . Slogged thru a boggy bit up on a hillside , and were surprised by a flock of sand hill cranes rising up out of the farmland next to wear we were . Could n't have got there otherwise , unless up to our ankles in squishy , mushy mud.They are comfortable boots , quick on and off . Liners stay put unless you want to remove them . Ca n't rate the boots for warms , as it was not cold up there when we were there . But i imagine they will be quite handy in the winter . Well made , sturdy - should last a long time . Drawstring helps keep pant legs in place .
 Warm , durable , comfortable boots . The best rubber boots I have owned . Stiff arch support missing in many other rubber boots . Ca n't beat the price . Worth much more !
 My feet have never been cold or wet in these boots . I love them for hunting and sledding with my kids . These boots are much lighter than other boots so you do n't feel like you 've been wearing cement shoes when you get home.They hold up very well with repeated use . My parents use them on the farm and they do n't crack like other brands . The only problem I have with these is keeping my son from stealing them .
 My husband wanted a pair of boots that were warm , mid-calf , waterproof , and easy on and off . These boots fit the bill . They 're great for working in our muddy yard .
 The rubber quality is excellent -LRB- probably because they 're made in Canada -RRB- and the liner is super plush and comfy . My feet are comfy , warm and dry . I could n't ask for more than that . very impressed
 I bought these boots for winter use on my boat and I find them to be useful around the house as well . They are warm , water tight and very comfortable . The price was right and the seller shipped fast . Good deal all around .
 I bought these to take bird watching at the Horicon Marsh in Wisconsin . Did not need to wear them often , but when we did they were just the thing . Slogged thru a boggy bit up on a hillside , and were surprised by a flock of sand hill cranes rising up out of the farmland next to wear we were . Could n't have got there otherwise , unless up to our ankles in squishy , mushy mud.They are comfortable boots , quick on and off . Liners stay put unless you want to remove them . Ca n't rate the boots for warms , as it was not cold up there when we were there . But i imagine they will be quite handy in the winter . Well made , sturdy - should last a long time . Drawstring helps keep pant legs in place .
 Warm , durable , comfortable boots . The best rubber boots I have owned . Stiff arch support missing in many other rubber boots . Ca n't beat the price . Worth much more !
 Now I understand that Dr. Marten 's shoes have become more of a fashion thing than anything else ... but why do n't they make these in wide toe sizes?I have been wearing Doc 's for about 15 years ... but now my `` feet '' are getting all screwy and I need a wider shoe . I tried these shoes because they looked wide based on pictures ... but they ended up a little too snug . If they were just a little wider they 'd have been perfect . And I 've sent other shoes back for the same reason.I wish I could have worn these shoes because they seems incredibly well made ... but it just was n't in the cards.I give it 4 stars ... 5 would have been if I could have kept them .
 This shoe is an excellent running shoe ... It 's a little tight at first but after a day or two it wonderful ... When you order your shoe order a 1/2 size larger , they do run small
 I bought these after having own Asics 2080s , which I loved . I wanted another pair of shoes with the IGS system . The product description says that these shoes do , but upon receiving them I do not believe that they do . No where on the shoe does it say IGS , unlike my 2080s which clearly have the IGS symbol on the heel.Other than that , they are fairly comfortable shoes . I have not had the opportunity to run in them yet , as I am still breaking them in .
 This shoe is an excellent running shoe ... It 's a little tight at first but after a day or two it wonderful ... When you order your shoe order a 1/2 size larger , they do run small
 I bought these after having own Asics 2080s , which I loved . I wanted another pair of shoes with the IGS system . The product description says that these shoes do , but upon receiving them I do not believe that they do . No where on the shoe does it say IGS , unlike my 2080s which clearly have the IGS symbol on the heel.Other than that , they are fairly comfortable shoes . I have not had the opportunity to run in them yet , as I am still breaking them in .
 On time and perfectly packaged . Not like others ... Ebay that just sends it in a paper wrap ! I have nothing else to say thank you .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 My feet have never been cold or wet in these boots . I love them for hunting and sledding with my kids . These boots are much lighter than other boots so you do n't feel like you 've been wearing cement shoes when you get home.They hold up very well with repeated use . My parents use them on the farm and they do n't crack like other brands . The only problem I have with these is keeping my son from stealing them .
 My husband wanted a pair of boots that were warm , mid-calf , waterproof , and easy on and off . These boots fit the bill . They 're great for working in our muddy yard .
 The rubber quality is excellent -LRB- probably because they 're made in Canada -RRB- and the liner is super plush and comfy . My feet are comfy , warm and dry . I could n't ask for more than that . very impressed
 I bought these boots for winter use on my boat and I find them to be useful around the house as well . They are warm , water tight and very comfortable . The price was right and the seller shipped fast . Good deal all around .
 I bought these to take bird watching at the Horicon Marsh in Wisconsin . Did not need to wear them often , but when we did they were just the thing . Slogged thru a boggy bit up on a hillside , and were surprised by a flock of sand hill cranes rising up out of the farmland next to wear we were . Could n't have got there otherwise , unless up to our ankles in squishy , mushy mud.They are comfortable boots , quick on and off . Liners stay put unless you want to remove them . Ca n't rate the boots for warms , as it was not cold up there when we were there . But i imagine they will be quite handy in the winter . Well made , sturdy - should last a long time . Drawstring helps keep pant legs in place .
 Warm , durable , comfortable boots . The best rubber boots I have owned . Stiff arch support missing in many other rubber boots . Ca n't beat the price . Worth much more !
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Yeah , I 'm a dork . I only bought these unbleached Chucks because they are the same ones worn by Doctor Who . Love em ' ! Look out for the sizing if you have wider feet . I ordered a half size larger than I usually wear because Converse always smash my pinky toes on the sides . The size of Chucks that I can wear comfortably always end up having the rubber toe cap extend beyond my toes ... so basically the rubber end is empty , but they do n't feel too big , but just right and they look fine on me . Now I just need to work on that Doctor Who hairstyle . Ha ! * UPDATE
 I saw these ` stars ' on Amazon the other day and had to order them . I was immediately transported back to junior high in 1974 . Levi 's and Converse All Stars were the rage . I wore them while listening to Sweet Home Alabama and Black Water on the radio . $ 39.95 is a small price to pay to own a piece of history . I think they were $ 12.99 back in ' 74 .
 Got em , love em . I am a 10.5 in other shoes and converse but a 10 in Chucks everytime . Peace
 The Converse Unisex Chuck Taylor All Star Hi-Tops were a gift that I gave to my Nephew from the Netherlands . This is what he picked out from many possible choices . They were sent to him and as far as I know he liked them very much . Apparently , they were very popular in Holland . He was 16 at the time and in high school .
 it was a good shoe . and im extremely pleased on how quick the order shipped . shoe is great nd goes with alot of things .
 I gave these to my husband for a gift and he loves them . They are the perfect color and look of the '' old school '' shoe .
